--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
Dated 13 December 2022 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the prospectus regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation) in respect of non-equity, derivative securities (the Base Prospectus) of 21Shares AG. 
 
21Shares AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
LEI: 254900UWHMJRRODS3Z64 
Exchange Traded Products Programme 
Under the terms of its Exchange Traded Products Programme (the Programme) described in this Base Prospectus, 21Shares AG (the Issuer 
or 21Shares), subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, may from time-to-time issue exchange traded products (the 
ETPs or the Products) in the forms set out in this Base Prospectus, as completed by the final terms in respect of the relevant Product (the 
Final Terms).  
Products issued under the Programme will be exchange traded products, which do not qualify as units of a collective investment 
scheme according to the relevant provisions of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA), as amended, and 
are not licensed thereunder. Therefore, the Products are neither governed by the CISA nor supervised or approved by the Swiss 
Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA). Accordingly, Investors do not have the benefit of the specific investor 
protection provided under the CISA. Any investment in the Products does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within 
the scope of any deposit protection scheme. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by any regulator as a result of issuing the 
Products. 
The Products have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and (i) may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act), except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state 
securities laws and (ii) may be offered, sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as 
defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission). The Products have not been approved or disapproved by the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, 
nor have the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Products or approved this Base 
Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. For a summary of certain restrictions on sale and resale, see 
“Offering and Sale”.  
The Products and the underlying collateral in respect of the Products are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk, 
including the risk of a total loss of all capital invested. See “Risk Factors”. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language 
in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under additional law. 
The offering or sale of the Products in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law including because of certain Underlyings or 
Underlying Components. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Products and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section headed “Offering and Sale”. Persons who obtain possession of this Base Prospectus and/or the Product 
Documentation are required to inform themselves about and to adhere to any such restrictions. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
the Product Documentation constitutes or may be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Product in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus or the Product Documentation should not be used by anyone for 
this purpose.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
1 
RISK FACTORS 
12 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE PRODUCTS 
21 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
32 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
61 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
62 
SUMMARY OF THE PARTIES AND THE STRUCTURE 
73 
COLLATERAL & SUMMARY OF SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
84 
FEES RELATED TO THE PRODUCTS 
91 
THE AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT’S ROLE 
93 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
97 
PROGRAMME INDICES 
105 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN  UNDERLYINGS OR UNDERLYING COMPONENTS 
109 
OFFERING AND SALE 
119 
TAXATION 
125 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
126 
APPENDIX I - GLOSSARY OF FREQUENTLY USED DEFINED TERMS 
135 
RESPONSIBILITY 
F-1 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
N-1

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview of the Programme and the Products does not purport to be complete and is subject to and 
qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in the Final Terms in respect 
of each Tranche of Products. Words and expressions not defined in this overview shall have the meanings given 
to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Description of the Programme 
Pursuant to this Programme the Issuer may issue collateralised exchange traded securities (Products) linked to 
Underlyings or a basket of Underlyings providing exposure to the price development of a range of Crypto Assets 
and/or, where applicable, Commodity Assets and/or other eligible Underlyings. Such Products may have long or 
short exposure to the daily performance of the referenced index.  
Parties and Features of the Programme 
Issuer................ 
 
21Shares AG is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) with its registered 
office and address at Dammstrasse 19, 6300 Zug, Switzerland. The Products 
will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity. 
The Programme............ 
 
On 13 November 2018, the Issuer established a programme (the Programme) 
for the issuance of Products. The Final Terms relating to each Series of 
Products will specify the detailed terms applicable to such Series of Products.  
Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority Finansinspektionen (the SFSA), as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The SFSA only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the securities.  
The Base Prospectus permits for an offer of Products to the public in Sweden 
and/or an admission to trading of securities on a regulated market in Sweden. 
The Issuer may request the SFSA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus 
to other EEA Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
 
the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or for admission 
to trading of all or any Series of Products on a regulated market therein, or both. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has asked the SFSA to notify 
approval of the Base Prospectus to the competent authorities in Austria, 
Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, 
Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia and Spain.  
Warning regarding expiry 
and supplement(s)..............
 
 
Investors should note that this Base Prospectus will be valid, as a maximum 
until, 13 December 2023. The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each, a 
Supplement) to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus if there 
is a significant change affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus 
or a significant new matter arises, the inclusion of information in respect of 
which would have been so required if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus 
was prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
Transaction Structure.. 
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Products of a Series to Authorised 
Participants appointed in respect of such Series. 
For a description of the creation and redemption processes, as well as a 
description of the principal parties and transaction documents related to the 
Programme, see “Summary of the Parties and the Structure”. 
It is intended that Authorised Participants will sell Products in the secondary 
market to Investors who have directly approached the Authorised Participant(s) 
for a purchase price agreed between the Authorised Participant and such 
Investor(s) in respect of the Products. Investors will also be able to purchase 
Products on the secondary market on a securities exchange or other trading 
venue on which the Products are listed. Investors may sell the Products from

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
 
time-to-time in the secondary market to third parties or to Authorised 
Participants. 
Issuance 
of 
Series 
of 
Products……………….. 
 
Products issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a Series), 
and each series may comprise one or more tranches (each, a Tranche) issued 
on identical terms other than the Issue Date and Issue Price per Product and 
with the Products of each Tranche of a Series being interchangeable with all 
other Products of that Series. Each Tranche is subject to Final Terms. 
Product documentation…  
Each Series will be subject to the General Terms and Conditions set forth in 
this Base Prospectus (the General Terms and Conditions), as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms relating to such Series (together, the Product 
Documentation). In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail.  
Collateral Agent………. 
 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. or any other collateral agent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Custodian……………. 
 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, Copper Technologies (Switzerland) 
AG, Bank Frick & Co. AG and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. or any successor 
custodian as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Administrator……… 
 
Formidium Corporation or any other administrator specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Global Paying Agent…. 
 
Bank Frick & Co. AG  
The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (including a Swiss Paying 
Agent) in relation to a Series of Products if required by the rules of any 
securities exchange on which Products are listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
 
Authorised 
Participants………. 
 
Jane Street Financial Limited, Nyenburgh Holding B.V., Flow Traders B.V., 
DRW Europe B.V., Virtu Financial Ireland Limited, Lang & Schwarz 
Tradecenter AG & Co. KG, Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP, Bluefin Europe LLP 
Only an Authorised Participant may engage in creation or redemption 
transactions directly with the Issuer (other than in limited circumstances). 
Currently, there are only two Authorised Participants for the Products. The 
Issuer reserves the right to change, increase or decrease the number of 
Authorised Participants or any individual firm. 
Market Maker(s)............ 
 
The Market Maker(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Index Calculation Agent  
The Index Calculation Agent specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Continual Issuance and 
Redemption…………… 
 
It is intended that the Products of each Series shall be subject to a continual 
issuance and redemption mechanism, under which additional Products of such 
Series may be issued, and Products may be redeemed by Authorised 
Participants. 
Terms and Conditions of 
Products……………... 
 
Each Series of Products will have the terms and conditions set out in the section 
of this Base Prospectus headed “General Terms and Conditions”, as completed 
by the Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of that Series. 
Issue Price…………….. 
 
The Issue Price in respect of each Tranche of Products will be set out in the 
Final Terms with respect to such Tranche. 
Interest………………… 
 
The Products will not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
Collateral……………… 
 
The eligible collateral credited to the Collateral Account which serves as 
collateral to secure the obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
 
The Issuer may select collateral eligible pursuant to Art 14 of the Additional 
Rules for Listing of Exchange Traded Products (ARETP) of SIX Exchange 
Regulation AG at its own discretion (please refer to "Collateral & Summary of 
Security Arrangements"). Unless otherwise specifically indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Underlying or Underlying Component or rights thereto will 
serve as initial collateral.  
Underlyings 
and 
Underlying Components…
 
 
The Underlyings or Underlying Components for each Series of Products will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issuer Security………… 
 
The security created over the Collateral in favour of the Collateral Agent and 
for the benefit of Investors pursuant to the Pledge of Collateral Account 
Agreement, the ACA and the Additional Pledges. 
Redemption…………… 
 
The Products are perpetual (“open-ended”) and have no fixed maturity. 
The Issuer may terminate and redeem a Series of Products in whole but not in 
part at any time, at the Issuer's sole discretion and without any further prior 
consent of the Investors, on a redemption date set out in a termination notice 
published by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Issuer shall, at the option of any Investor holding Products, upon such 
Investor giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ written notice, via the 
financial intermediary administering the relevant securities account, to (i) the 
Global Paying Agent if the Products are listed on SIX or (ii) the Issuer if the 
Products are not listed on SIX, redeem the Products held by such Investor, in 
an amount of Products corresponding to such Investor’s Redemption Order, on 
the Investor Put Date specified in the relevant Final Terms on an in-kind basis 
in accordance with Condition 5.4 (Redemption of Products by Delivery of the 
Crypto Asset Collateral for such Products) unless the relevant Investor 
specifies in the applicable Redemption Order that the procedures set forth in 
Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement) shall apply or the Investor is prohibited for 
legal or regulatory reasons from receiving delivery of the Crypto Asset

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
 
Collateral, in which case such redemption to be settled in accordance with 
Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement). For Products where the Underlying is an 
Index or a basket of Underlying Components, any redemption to Investors is to 
be settled in accordance with Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement). 
Authorised Participants may request the Issuer to terminate and redeem all or 
part of its holding of Products by delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral, and, 
where applicable, Commodity Asset Collateral for such Products in accordance 
with Condition 5.3 (Redemption at the Option of an Authorised Participant) and 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. Redemptions by Authorised 
Participants shall be settled on an in-kind basis unless the Issuer permits such 
redemption to be settled in accordance with Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement). 
Redemption Amount… 
 
Other than in respect of redemptions pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption at 
the Option of an Authorised Participant) or Condition 5.4 (Redemption of 
Products by Delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral for such Products), which 
shall be settled on an in-kind basis, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
payable by the Issuer to the Investors calculated as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; provided, however, that in the case of an Extraordinary Event 
pursuant to Condition 17, the Redemption Amount shall be reduced and may 
be as low as the smallest denomination of the Settlement Currency (i.e., 
U.S.$0.01, €0.01, CHF 0.01, £0.01 or the equivalent in other Settlement 
Currencies). The Redemption Amount shall not be less than the smallest 
denomination of the Settlement Currency (i.e., U.S.$0.01, €0.01, CHF 0.01, 
£0.01 or the equivalent in other Settlement Currencies). 
Investor’s Exposure to the 
Performance 
of 
the 
Applicable Index…….. 
 
If Products are related to an Index, the return on each Series of Products will 
be linked to the performance of the applicable Index, as the Redemption 
Amount will be derived from the closing price of such Index on the relevant 
price fixing date. 
The Index…………….. 
 
In respect of any Series of Products, the index specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
 
The 21Shares Index is the Index sponsored by the Issuer, which is an 
automatically rebalancing index, as described in “Programme Indices - The 
21Shares Index”. 
Index Administrator….. 
 
MarketVector Indexes GmbH (MVIG) is the administrator of the 21Shares 
Index. MVIG is included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation and consequently the 21Shares Index is provided by an 
administrator included in said register. 
Invierno AB, owner of the registered trademark “Vinter” is the administrator of 
certain other indices than the 21Shares Index. Invierno AB is included in the 
register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation and consequently 
such indices are provided by an administrator included in said register. 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (S&P DJI) is the benchmark administrator for the 
S&P Bitcoin Dynamic Rebalancing Risk Control 40% Index and the S&P 
Ethereum Dynamic Rebalancing Risk Control 40% Index (benchmarks).  S&P 
DJI is an administrator located in the United States and for the purposes of 
Regulation 2016/1011 is an administrator located outside of the EU. The Issuer 
is using the benchmarks as reference for the financial instrument in accordance 
with Article 51(5) of Regulation 2016/1011. 
Events 
of 
Default 
and 
Insolvency Event…….. 
 
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount due in respect of a Series of Products when 
due and such failure continues for a period of 10 Swiss business days (an 
Event of Default), then Investors holding at least 25% of the outstanding 
Products in the relevant Series may, by notice in writing to the Issuer (at its 
registered office) and the Collateral Agent (at its specified office) (with a copy 
to the Administrator), declare all the Products in such Series to be, and 
whereupon they shall become, immediately redeemable without further action 
or formality (an Acceleration).  
Upon the Issuer being declared bankrupt within the meaning of article 736 No. 
3 of the Swiss Code of Obligations and the DEBA by a competent court (an

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
 
Insolvency Event), all the Products shall become immediately redeemable 
without further action or formality.  
Enforcement………… 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or Insolvency Event, the Collateral 
Agent shall: (i) in the case of an Event of Default, if so instructed by Investors 
representing not less than 25% of Products in the relevant Series in writing; or 
(ii) in the case of an Insolvency Event, if so instructed by any Investor in writing, 
serve an Enforcement Notice on the Issuer and subject as provided in the 
Collateral Agent Agreement, at any time and without notice, institute such 
proceedings and/or take such action, step or proceedings as it may think fit 
against, or in relation to, the Issuer or any other person to enforce its rights 
under any of the Product Documentation. 
Subject to the provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement, at any time after 
the Issuer Security has become enforceable, the Collateral Agent shall, if so 
instructed by Investors representing not less than 25% of Products in the 
relevant Series following an Event of Default or any Investor following an 
Insolvency Event, in writing, without notice, take such steps, actions or 
proceedings as it may think fit to enforce such Issuer Security. 
Obligations 
of 
the 
Issuer…………………… 
 
The Products will be obligations solely of the Issuer.  
In particular, the Products will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or 
guaranteed by, the Collateral Agent, the Global Paying Agent, the Product 
Calculation Agent, PCF Calculation Agent, or any other partner or affiliate of 
the Issuer, any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant.  
The Issuer was established for the purpose of issuing listed and Exchange 
Traded Products. If the net proceeds of realisation of the Collateral in respect 
of a particular Product are less than the aggregate amount payable in such 
circumstances by the Issuer in respect of the Product, the investors in such 
Products may face losses.

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
 
Governing 
Law 
of 
Products……………….. 
 
The Products are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Swiss 
law (without reference to the principles of conflicts of law rules). In relation to 
any proceedings in respect of the Products, the Issuer has submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of the City of Zurich, the place of jurisdiction being 
Zurich. 
The Collateral Agent Agreement is governed by English law, with certain 
provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement being governed by the laws of 
Switzerland as stated within the Collateral Agent Agreement. 
The Custodial Services Agreement, the Pledge of Collateral Account 
Agreement, the Additional Pledges and the ACA are governed by the laws of 
the State of New York or by the laws of England and Wales, as applicable. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading……………….. 
 
Application may be made for the Products in any Series to be admitted to the 
SIX Swiss Exchange and/or one or more regulated market(s) and/or multilateral 
trading facility(ies) in Sweden and any other EEA Member State to which this 
Base Prospectus has been duly notified in accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The SIX Swiss Exchange (the SIX Swiss Exchange or 
SIX) has approved a base prospectus in relation to the Programme as of 
13 November 2018 (as updated and supplemented the Swiss Base 
Prospectus) as an issuance programme pursuant to Article 16 para. 1 no. 2 
and para. 3 of the SIX Additional Rules for the Listing of Exchange Traded 
Products (ARETP) for the purpose of providing certain information with regard 
to the Issuer, the General Terms and Conditions applying to the Products, and 
certain other details in connection with the issuance of Products under the 
Programme. The SIX Swiss Exchange (the SIX Swiss Exchange or SIX) has 
approved a base prospectus in relation to the Programme as of 13 November 
2018 (as updated and supplemented the Swiss Base Prospectus) as an 
issuance programme pursuant to Article 16 para. 1 no. 2 and para. 3 ARETP 
for the purpose of providing certain information with regard to the Issuer, the

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
 
General Terms and Conditions applying to the Products, and certain other 
details in connection with the issuance of Products under the Programme.  
As at the date hereof all of the Products are admitted to trading either on SIX 
or BX Swiss and certain of the Products are admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse), Euronext and 
on the Official Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange. 
Selling 
and 
Transfer 
Restrictions……………. 
 
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the SFSA which allows for a 
public offering of the Products in Sweden and any notification of the approval 
to other EEA Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for 
the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States, no action has 
been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any 
Products or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any 
Products in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No offers, 
sales, resales, or deliveries of any Products or distribution of any offering 
material relating to any Products may be made in or from any jurisdiction except 
in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
Settlement and Clearing  
A Series of Products may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements, only be issued in uncertificated book-entry form and will be 
issued Tranches or Series. Once registered with SIX SIS AG and entered in 
the securities account of one or more participants, the Products will qualify as 
intermediated securities within the meaning of the Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act. For the purpose of good delivery of any Products admitted to 
trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and Euronext, clearing shall take 
place through Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (Clearstream), and, for 
Euronext, in certain instances through the London Clearing House SA and for 
Products admitted to trading on the and the Vienna Stock Exchange, clearing 
shall take place through OeKB CSD (OeKB).

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
 
Cautionary 
statement 
regarding forward looking 
statements……. 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward 
looking statements. Forward looking statements include statements concerning 
the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking 
statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", 
"estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", 
"will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking 
statements. These forward looking statements are contained in the sections 
captioned "Risk Factors", "Information About the Issuer", "General Description 
of Certain Underlyings or Underlying Components" and other sections of this 
Base Prospectus. The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on 
its current view with respect to future events and financial performance. 
Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections 
reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, 
including those identified in the section captioned “Risk Factors” or which the 
Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's 
underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, events relating 
to the Issuer and the Issuer's actual results may be materially different from 
those expected, estimated or predicted. 
Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, 
the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate 
after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward 
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations 
thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section contains a number of risk factors, both risks pertaining to the Issuer and pertaining to the ETPs. The 
assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their adverse impact is disclosed by rating the relevant risk as low, medium or high. Prospective 
investors should note that the materiality of each risk factor associated with the underlying exposure, is dependent 
on the particular asset(s) constituting the underlying exposure for the individual Series of ETPs as stated in the 
Final Terms applicable to such Series and, consequently, may differ between different Series of ETPs. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category is/are presented 
first under such category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Certain capitalised terms used in this section are defined in the General Terms and Conditions and/or the Final 
Terms. 
a. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer  
i. 
Market risk 
Market volatility reflects the degree of instability and expected instability of the performance of, for example, the 
market for structured products over time. The level of market volatility is not purely a measurement of actual 
market volatility, but is largely determined by the prices for derivative instruments that offer investors protection 
against such market volatility. The prices of these derivative instruments are determined by forces such as actual 
market volatility, expected market volatility, other economic and financial conditions and trading speculations. 
Market volatility may result in the Issuer incurring losses despite hedging arrangements. The Issuer is a newly-
created special purpose vehicle and currently not profitable and depends on capital from outside investors. The 
Issuer is highly indebted. Should the Issuer be unable to raise additional capital, there are limited reserves to 
maintain company operations, which may result in the inability of the Issuer to continue as a going concern. 
Risk Rating: high. 
ii. 
Risks related to the short business history and limited business objective of the Issuer  
The business activities of the Issuer concerns securities related to the Crypto Assets. The Issuer is a special 
purpose vehicle within the meaning of the applicable Swiss laws and regulations. The protocols for the Crypto 
Assets are publicly available which means that further innovation is possible meaning that these crypto-currencies 
may not mark the end of the evolution of digital currencies. If the Crypto Assets do not become successful or 
become less successful going forward and if the Issuer cannot adapt to such changed circumstances, the Issuer 
may be unsuccessful in carrying out its business which may lead to a decrease in the value of the ETP.  
Risk Rating: medium. 
iii. 
Credit risk 
Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and the Custodian. An Investor’s ability to obtain payment in 
accordance with the General Terms and Conditions is dependent on the Issuer’s ability to meet these obligations. 
The Products are not, either directly or indirectly, an obligation of any other party. As a result, irrespective of the 
collateralisation, the creditworthiness of the Issuer may affect the market value of any Products and, in the event

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
 
of a default, insolvency or bankruptcy, Investors may not receive the amount owed to them under the General 
Terms and Conditions. In addition to direct credit risks, the Investors are indirectly exposed to any credit risk that 
the Issuer is exposed to. For example, the Issuer may incur losses and/or fail to obtain delivery under any 
arrangements in place in respect of any crypto-denominated assets held as Collateral. 
Risk Rating: medium. 
Operational risk 
Operational risks are risks relating to losses which the Issuer may encounter on grounds of incorrect or insufficient 
routines, errors caused by humans or systems as well as legal risks (including also disputes). If the direction or 
control has been insufficient it may adversely affect the hedging arrangements which can negatively impact the 
Issuer's operating result and financial position. As a result, the Issuer’s operations and financial position is 
exposed to operational risks.  
Risk Rating: low. 
iv. 
Business risks 
Business risks are risks that arise as a consequence of external circumstances or events that harm the Issuer's 
image or returns. The Issuer's ability to conduct its business is dependent on its ability to comply with rules and 
regulations. The failure to pass any audit regarding the Issuer’s compliance with rules and regulations or to be 
found in breach of regulations applicable to the Issuer could result in fines or adverse publicity which could have 
a material adverse effect on the business and which may lead to decreased results of operations and financial 
condition. New legislation or regulations, decisions by public authorities or changes regarding the application of 
or interpretation of existing legislation, regulations or decisions by public authorities applicable to the Issuer's 
operations, the ETPs and / or the Crypto Assets, may adversely affect the Issuer's business or an investment in 
the ETPs. The Issuer depends on a supply of Crypto Assets from reputable and verifiable exchanges and/or OTC 
platforms, as determined by the Issuer. These exchanges are impacted by global and local economic conditions, 
market sentiment and regulatory changes. Should this supply be constrained or a disruption to Authorised 
Exchanges occur, the Issuer may be unable to issue additional securities, which may, in turn, adversely impact 
the Issuer’s financial performance and creditworthiness. Business risk may involve unexpected changes to the 
Issuer's result. 
Risk Rating: low. 
v. 
Counterparty risk 
The Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of a number of counterparties with whom the Issuer transacts, 
including, but not limited to, the Custodian, the Administrator, Wallet Provider(s), Depositaries, Paying Agents, 
Market Makers, Authorised Participants, any party to any arrangements in place in respect of any crypto-
denominated assets held as Collateral and exchanges. Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to risks, including 
credit risk, reputational risk and settlement risk, arising from the failure of any of its counterparties to fulfil their 
respective obligations, which, if any such risks occur, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business 
and financial position. 
With respect to the Custodian, the Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of depositary institutions with whom it 
holds cash and other Crypto Assets or Commodity Assets. Credit risk, in this case, is the risk that the depositary 
holding a financial instrument (cash or crypto) will fail to fulfil an obligation or commitment to the Issuer. The 
Issuer’s Crypto Assets and, where applicable, Commodity Assets are maintained by the Custodian in segregated

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
 
accounts, which are intended to be protected in the event of insolvency of the Custodian. However, any insolvency 
of the Custodian may result in delayed access to Crypto Assets and, where applicable, Commodity Assets serving 
as Underlyings or Underlying Components, including those serving as Collateral for any Products. In such a 
situation, Investors may face a loss due to asset price fluctuation.  
The Global Paying Agent for the Products is responsible for: (i) disbursing fiat currency in the event of a 
redemption of the Products; and (ii) holding the cash balance in the period between the liquidation of the 
Underlying or Underlying Component and the return of the cash to Investors. In the event of insolvency of the 
Global Paying Agent during this interim period, the Issuer may be considered a general unsecured creditor. The 
Issuer relies on third parties to provide the trading of both the Products and any Underlyings or Underlying 
Components. Any dysfunction of such third parties or disruption in the exchanges may result in a loss of value of 
the Products, which may, in turn adversely impact the Issuer and/or the Investors.  
It is important to note that no party, including the Wallet Providers, Custodian or Issuer is liable for the loss of the 
Underlyings or Underlying Components. In the case of theft, the liability belongs solely to the Investor. 
Risk Rating: low. 
 
Risk factors relating to the ETPs  
vi. 
Market risk due to lack of capital protection 
The ETPs issued under this Base Prospectus do not provide for any capital protection of any amount payable 
under the ETPs. This causes a risk for investors in the ETPs since parts of or the entire invested amount may be 
lost due to the market risk associated with the exposure of the ETPs. In other words, if the price of the relevant 
Index, Underlying or Underlying Components develops in a manner which is unfavourable for the Investors then 
the terms do not provide for any level of protected capital and the Investors will sustain the full loss corresponding 
to the unfavourable development of the relevant Index, Underlying or Underlying Components. Where the ETPs 
provide a long exposure (i.e. the relevant ETPs have been designed to benefit in the event of a rise in the price 
of the relevant index, Underlying or Underlying Component) and the relevant price instead remains flat or falls 
this would have a material adverse effect on the market value of such ETPs and the Investors would sustain 
losses. Conversely, where the ETPs provide a short exposure (i.e. the relevant ETPs have been designed to 
benefit in the event of a fall in the price of the relevant index, Underlying or Underlying Component) and the 
relevant price instead remains flat or rises this would have a material adverse effect on the market value of the 
ETPs and the Investors would sustain losses. Depending on the performance of the relevant Index, Underlying 
or Underlying Components Investors may sustain a loss up to their entire investment. 
Risk Rating: high. 
vii. 
Risks associated with Staking 
Certain Crypto Assets can be used for staking, a consensus algorithm used by some blockchains to validate 
agreements. Such Crypto Assets are subject to the risk of slashing. Slashing is a mechanism built into proof of 
stake blockchain protocols to discourage validator misbehaviour. Slashing is designed to incentivize node 
security, availability, and network participation. The two key misbehaviours that incur slashing are downtime and 
double signing. While the specifics of slashing are defined within each protocol, the mechanism is similar: a 
predefined percentage of a validator’s tokens are lost when it does not behave consistently or as expected on 
the network.

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
 
Risk Rating: low. 
viii. 
Risk factors relating to digital assets  
Regulatory risks 
The legal status of crypto assets varies widely from country to country. In many countries, the legal status is not 
yet defined or is changing. Some countries have made the use of crypto-assets such as Bitcoin illegal. Other 
countries have banned crypto-assets or securities or derivatives relating to them (including for certain categories 
of investors, e.g., products such as those offered by the Company may not be sold to retail investors in the United 
Kingdom), prohibited local banks from working with crypto-assets or otherwise restricted crypto-assets. In 
addition, the legal treatment of crypto-assets is often unclear, and there is uncertainty as to whether the underlying 
crypto-assets are a security, money, commodity or property (although a counter-example to this is, for example, 
German law, which has included so-called crypto-assets as financial instruments in German law since the 
beginning of 2020). In some countries, such as the United States, different government agencies define crypto 
assets differently, leading to regulatory conflict and uncertainty. This uncertainty is exacerbated by the rapid 
evolution of regulations. Some countries may explicitly restrict, prohibit or limit the acquisition, use, trading or 
redemption of crypto-assets in the future. In such a scenario, the ownership or trading of securities replicating or 
linked to crypto-assets, such as the Company's products, could be deemed illegal and subject to sanctions. 
However, in recent years, numerous large and established banks and asset managers have invested in 
companies in the cryptocurrency space or have become involved with investments in cryptocurrencies. This trend 
is to be significant and ongoing in nature these days. Numerous financial regulators have now generally accepted 
that cryptocurrencies are likely to remain as an asset class and, accordingly, have adopted a pragmatic stance 
to address this growing interest in cryptocurrencies by the investment community. The Company is therefore 
pursuing the objective of making its products more geographically accessible to a wider audience in part as a 
diversification strategy to mitigate this risk. 
However, it is visibly difficult to predict how the regulatory outlook and policies regarding cryptocurrencies could 
and will change. A shift to a generally more negative view could lead to risk for investors as tightening regulations 
may restrict access for investors. 
Risk rating: high. 
ix. 
The value of a Crypto Asset can change quickly and could even drop to zero 
The price of any Crypto Asset is volatile and may be affected by a variety of factors. Should demand for a Crypto 
Asset decrease or should it fail to achieve adoption among the Crypto Asset community or should it suffer 
technological or coding failures or hacks, for example, then its value could drop sharply and permanently, which 
in turn would adversely affect the price at which investors are able to trade the ETPs in the secondary markets. 
Risk Rating: High 
x. 
Valuation 
Crypto Assets do not represent an underlying claim on income or profits, nor do they represent a liability that 
must be repaid. Their value is a function of the perspective of the participants within the marketplace (or specific, 
given, marketplace) and supply and demand. As a result, the value of Crypto Assets may be more speculative 
and more volatile than traditional assets representing claims on income, or profits or debts.

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
 
The speculative nature of the underlying Crypto Assets can make it difficult to develop consistent valuation 
processes for the Crypto Assets and thereby the ETPs.  Furthermore, extreme volatility can impact the ability of 
market participants to provide reliable, consistent pricing, which in turn could adversely affect the price at which 
investors are able to trade the ETPs in the secondary markets. 
Risk assessment: High 
xi. 
Risk associated with development of protocols  
The protocols for cryptocurrencies such as the Crypto Assets are publicly available and under development. 
Further development and acceptance of the protocols is dependent on a number of factors. The development of 
any of these digital currencies may be prevented or delayed, should disagreements between participants, 
developers and members of the network arise. New and improved versions of the source code will be "voted" in 
by a majority of the members/miners of the network carrying out the changes in their nodes, meaning upgrading 
their nodes to the latest version of the code. Should a situation arise where it is not possible to reach a majority 
in the network regarding the implementation of a new version of the protocol, this may mean that, among other 
things, the improvement of that protocol’s scalability may be restrained. Should the development of one of the 
Crypto Assets’ protocols be prevented or delayed, this may adversely affect the value of the currencies. Further, 
as the structure of the protocols for the Crypto Assets are public, a kind of direct compensation for the developers 
of the respective protocol is missing, which could lead to decreased incentives for continuous development of the 
protocols. Should these protocols not develop further, the value of the associated digital currency will decrease, 
which in turn would affect the value of the ETPs.  
Further, if a direct compensation for the developers of the respective protocol is missing, it could lead to 
decreased incentives for continuous development of the protocols. Should these protocols not develop further, 
the value of the associated digital asset will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the ETPs. As 
protocols develop and mature and adoption increases among developers, this reduces both the probability that 
this risk would occur and the magnitude of the consequences of this risk would occur.  
The risk rating is assessed to be medium. In relation to Crypto Assets with the largest market capitalization, the 
risk rating is assessed to be low in light of the large number of developers. The fewer active developers that 
participate in the development of a given Crypto Asset, which is often correlated to a low market capitalization 
relative to other Crypto Assets, the risk rating is instead higher and assessed to be at medium. 
Risk Rating: medium. 
xii. 
Errors in the Crypto Assets’ codes or protocols 
The source code of digital currencies such as the Crypto Assets is public and may be downloaded and viewed 
by anyone. Despite this, there may be a bug in the respective code which is yet to be found and repaired, which 
may jeopardise the integrity and security of one or more of these networks. Errors in the protocols of Crypto 
Assets that have larger user bases, wider adoption and more developers are more likely to be identified and 
corrected.  Conversely, errors regarding Crypto Assets with new protocols or such that have fewer developers or 
less adoption, are more likely to face this risk. Should any such material error occur and be hard to overcome 
and/or easy to exploit improperly, the value of the associated Crypto Asset will decrease, which in turn would 
affect the value of the ETPs negatively. 
Risk rating: Low

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
 
xiii. 
Concentration risk 
The decentralised global P2P-network (peer-to-peer) of nodes making up the network of Bitcoin should, to 
achieve high security, be spread on several participants. Should one participant control over 50% of all capacity 
to verify transactions in the network, there is a risk that such participant will be able to verify 100% of all 
transactions and thus earn all the rewards in the network.  
Risk Rating: low. 
xiv. 
Risk associated with deletion of recent transactions 
As private keys are needed to create transactions, the participant is not able to create new transactions, however, 
the participant may in certain circumstances delete recent transactions. In practice, this would be impossible to 
accomplish without being discovered and it is difficult to see a scenario in which the participant would be able to 
achieve a financial profit. Such a scenario would however certainly materially damage the confidence in Bitcoin 
although no financial losses or other improprieties occur.  
Risk Rating: low. 
xv. 
Secondary market risk  
The market rates in the secondary market will become both higher and lower than the rate to which investors 
have purchased their ETPs. The market rates in the secondary market may not accurately reflect the price of the 
relevant Index or Underlying or Underlying Components. Although the price determination in the secondary 
market is based on established calculation models, it is dependent upon the underlying development of the market 
and the market's conception of the Issuer's credit status, the ETPs' probable remaining duration and the sales 
opportunities on the secondary market. In the light of the volatility which can be historically observed in the prices 
for the Crypto Assets, it seems possible that the price determination of the ETPs in the secondary market will be 
very volatile. If one or more regulated markets decide that the ETPs no longer should be so admitted to trading, 
regardless of whether this is due to circumstances assignable to the Issuer, the ETPs, the Crypto Assets, the 
market maker and / or changed rules or any other reason, there is a risk that the Issuer will not succeed in having 
the ETPs admitted to trading on another regulated market, MTF or other marketplace. Such a course of events 
would probably worsen the liquidity, disposal opportunities and the market value for the ETPs and thus create 
risks of losses for investors. If a delisting would occur the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem the ETPs early. 
Such early settlement will only occur following a notice period and investors risk that the market price and liquidity 
as well as the final settlement amount are negatively impacted in such a scenario.  
Risk Rating: high. 
xvi. 
Risk of the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
Condition 17 (Extraordinary Event) provides that, in the case of a fraud, theft, cyber-attack, change in regulations 
and/or a similar event (each, an Extraordinary Event) with respect to, or affecting any, Underlying or Underlying 
Component, including any Underlying or Underlying Component that serves as Collateral, the Issuer shall give 
notice to Investors in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), and the Redemption Amount for such Products 
shall be reduced accordingly, potentially to the smallest denomination of the Settlement Currency (i.e., U.S.$0.01, 
€0.01, CHF 0.01, £0.01 or the equivalent in other Settlement Currencies) per Product. Accordingly, Investors 
bear the risks of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event and of a partial or complete loss of their investment. 
Moreover, the risks of an Extraordinary Event are greater than for similar events with respect to other asset

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
 
classes (such as investments in securities, funds and deposits) and, unlike in the case of other asset classes, are 
unable to be mitigated. In addition, it is not presently practical to insure against an Extraordinary Event.  
Risk rating: high. 
xvii. 
Risk factors relating to Basket ETPs and Index ETPs 
Please refer to the foregoing risk factors for the relevant Crypto Assets within the relevant basket or, as the case 
may be, index. In addition, a small basket or index composition will generally be more vulnerable to changes in 
the value of the relevant Crypto Assets and a change in composition of a basket or an index may have an adverse 
effect on basket’s or index’s performance. Given the higher weighting of the single components in a small basket 
or small index composition, the impact of an unfavourable development for one or more single components will 
be greater on the basket’s or index’s performance compared with a more diverse basket or index. A high 
correlation of components, i.e. where the values of the relevant components tend to fluctuate in a similar fashion 
as the other correlated components, may have a significant effect on amounts payable on the ETP since all of 
the correlated components may move in the same unfavourable manner at the same time and thus not achieve 
diversification of the market risk. The negative performance of a single component, i.e. a single Crypto Asset, 
may outweigh a positive performance of one or more other components and may have a negative impact on the 
return on the ETP. 
Risk Rating: medium. 
xviii. 
Risks associated with Commodity Asset prices 
The value of a Product which is linked to an index which also includes one or more Commodity Assets as 
Underlying Component(s), will be related to the value of an equivalent investment in the relevant Commodity 
Asset(s). Commodity Asset prices generally may fluctuate widely and may be affected by numerous factors, 
including: 
 
a) global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations, particularly war, terrorism, 
expropriation and other activities which might lead to disruptions to supply from countries that are major 
bullion producers; 
 
b) global metal supply and demand, which is influenced by such factors as exploration success, mine 
production and net forward selling activities by metal producers, jewellery demand, investment demand 
and industrial demand, net of any recycling and any shortages of a particular type of bullion could result 
in a spike in prices of that type of bullion. Price spiking can also result in volatile forward rates and lease 
rates which could result in the bid-offer spread on any exchange where Products are traded widening, 
reflecting short-term forward rates in the relevant bullion; 
 
c) financial activities including investment trading, hedging or other activities conducted by large trading 
houses, producers, users, hedge funds, commodities funds, governments or other speculators which 
could impact global supply or demand; and 
 
d) financial market factors such as investors’ expectations with respect to the future rates of inflation, 
movements in world equity, financial and property markets, interest rates and currency exchange rates, 
particularly the strength of and confidence in the US dollar. Adverse movements in the price of Commodity 
Assets may negatively affect the return to Investors who sell their securities when the price of the relevant 
Commodity Asset has decreased since the time they purchased their Products. General movements in local and 
international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and investor sentiment could all affect the

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
 
level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the Products and this may lead to a fall in the price of 
Products which will have an adverse impact on any Investor that purchased Products at a higher price. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
xix. 
Realisation of Collateral 
If the amounts received upon the realisation of Collateral are not sufficient to fully cover the fees and expenses of 
the Collateral Agent and the Issuer’s payment obligations to Investors, then there is a risk that Investors may incur 
a loss, which may be significant. Realisation of Collateral only takes place in the Event of Default or an Insolvency 
Event. Thus, the collateralisation can mitigate the credit risk of the Issuer only to the extent that the proceeds cover 
the Investors' claims. However, the contractual claims of the Investors are not limited to the value of the Collateral 
although in an insolvency of the Issuer a loss would occur if the Collateral does not suffice. On the other hand, the 
Investors are not entitled to receive a surplus from the realisation of Collateral, should it exceed their contractual 
claims. 
Risk rating: medium. 
xx. 
Lending arrangements denominated in the Underlying or Underlying Components 
For certain specified products, the Issuer may enter into lending arrangements whereby it lends certain Underlying 
or Underlying Components to third parties. In such a case, the Collateral consisting of directly held Underlyings 
or Underlying Components is replaced by Collateral in the form of a futures contract. In order to mitigate the 
Issuer's, and the Investor's indirect, credit risk exposure to any parties to any lending arrangements, that third 
party must post eligible collateral assets with a market value at least equivalent to the value of the Underlying or 
Underlying Components lent. Underlyings or Underlying Components may be lent to third parties over a period 
of time. All of the Issuer’s rights in any lending arrangements or assets posted back thereunder will be pledged 
to the Collateral Agent acting on behalf of Investors. The risks of lending the Underlyings or Underlying 
Components include the risk that a borrower may not post back additional collateral assets when required or may 
not return the Underlying or Underlying Components when due. A default by the borrower under such lending 
arrangements combined with a fall in the value of the collateral assets that borrower has posted back may result 
in the Issuer holding insufficient assets to meet its obligations in connection with redemptions of Products and a 
corresponding fall in the value of an Investors holding. 
Risk rating: low. 
xxi. 
Currency risk 
The ETPs are designed to track the movement of the Crypto Assets in relation to the USD and other European 
currencies. However, most trading in the Crypto Assets occurs in USD. The volatility of the USD will therefore 
have an impact on the investment of each investor and each investor may therefore lose part of or the investment. 
Risk Rating: low. 
xxii. 
Short or long exposure risk  
The Settlement Amount and the market value of any ETPs will be affected by the nature of the exposure being 
provided under the relevant final term sheets. Where the ETPs provide a long exposure (i.e. the relevant ETPs 
have been designed to benefit in the event of a rise in the price of the relevant index, Underlying or Underlying 
Component) and the relevant price instead remains flat or falls this would have a material adverse effect on the

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
 
market value of such ETPs and the Investors would sustain losses. Conversely, where the ETPs provide a short 
exposure (i.e. the relevant ETPs have been designed to benefit in the event of a fall in the price of the relevant 
index, Underlying or Underlying Component) and the relevant price instead remains flat or rises this would have 
a material adverse effect on the market value of the ETPs and the Investors would sustain losses. 
Risk Rating: medium. 
xxiii. 
Conflict of Interests of the Issuer and Jura Pentium AG 
 
While the Issuer does not act as the Product Calculation Agent or the Index Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
reserves ithe right to make significant changes to the terms and conditions of the Products, which may affect 
the value of the Products. In addition, the 21Shares Index is owned by Jura Pentium AG, which is under 
common control with the Issuer. The 21Shares Index methodology can be subject to significant changes, 
which may affect the value of the Products. 
 
In accordance with the General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall be entitled to amend without the 
consent of the Investors any Condition or item in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of (i) correcting a 
manifest error, or (ii) clarifying any uncertainty, or (iii) correcting or supplementing the provisions herein in 
such manner as the Issuer deems necessary or desirable, provided that the Investor does not incur 
significant financial loss as a consequence thereof. Furthermore, the Issuer shall at all times be entitled to 
amend any Condition or item in the relevant Final Terms where, and to the extent that the amendment is 
necessitated as a consequence of legislation, decisions by courts of law, or decisions taken by 
governmental authorities. No such changes will require Investor consent or approval. 
 
In addition, the Investors are not party to the Product Documentation or the Transaction Documents. 
Accordingly, the Issuer may amend such documents without Investor consent or approval. Such changes 
may not be in the best interests of the Investors and may affect the value of the Products. 
 
The Issuer and a number of parties associated with the Issuer, including, inter alia, members of the Issuer’s 
board of directors, member of its management team, employees and shareholders of the Issuer hold and 
transact in, and may continue to hold and transact in, Underlyings, Underlying Components and underlying 
indices for their own accounts. Such persons are under no obligation to disclose such holdings or 
transactions at any time and may conduct such transactions at any time for any reason. 
Risk rating: low.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE PRODUCTS 
Overview of the Products 
The Issuer may from time-to-time issue Products under the Programme, linked to Underlyings or baskets of 
Underlyings providing exposure to the price development of a range of Crypto Assets, and/or where applicable, 
Commodity Assets and/or other eligible Underlyings on the terms set out in the final section of this Base 
Prospectus headed ‘General Terms and Conditions’, and read in conjunction with the Final Terms relating to such 
Tranche.  
If Products are related to an Index, the return on each Series of Products will be linked to the performance of the 
applicable Index, as the Redemption Amount will be derived from the closing price of such Index on the relevant 
price fixing date.  
General design of the Products  
Each Product indirectly represents a quantity of Crypto Assets and, where applicable, Commodity Assets, the 
value thereof, a so-called entitlement. Single asset Products economically represent the single Crypto Asset and, 
where applicable, Commodity Asset. There is no legal entitlement with respect to the Crypto Assets and, where 
applicable, Commodity Assets. Products linked to an Index or a basket of Underlyings indirectly represent the 
Crypto Assets and, where applicable, Commodity Assets constituting the composition of such Index or basket of 
Underlyings. The value of this entitlement will be affected by positive and negative changes in the market value of 
the relevant Crypto Assets and, where applicable, Commodity Assets, during the term of the Products. This 
entitlement will be reduced by the Investor Fees on a daily basis. 
 
The value of the entitlement is calculated based on the price development of the Underlying or baskets of 
Underlyings or Index serving as the Underlying, respectively. The amount of crypto asset per unit or, where 
applicable, commodity assets, is calculated using the balance of the custody account less the Investor Fees on 
a daily basis. The price is sourced from the pricing source used to calculate the index or, in the case of single 
tracker products, CryptoCompare.com. The price source for each series is specified in the final terms. These are 
the two leading price sources in the space and are broad based price indexes using 55+ global exchanges 
designed to capture a broad view of the crypto market globally. 
The price movement and the movement of entitlement is correlated 1:1, but Investor Fees will reduce the 
entitlement. Graphically, the risk on an investment in the Products can be displayed as follows:

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
 
 
The diagram above indicates that Products, without the effect of fees, track the Underlying or Underlying 
Components in direct proportion to any change in pricing of the underlying asset(s). 
 
How is the ETP’s Net Asset Value calculated? 
21Shares creates and redeems the ETP units based on the coin entitlement on any given business 
day. In addition to the coin entitlement, 21Shares publishes the Net Asset Value of the ETP units in 
US Dollars on a daily basis. This market value of the underlying asset is derived by referencing the 
price of each asset at 5pm CET from CryptoCompare or from the respective Index provider as stated 
in the Final Terms of each ETP. 
 
The Net Asset Value in USD of an ETP unit is calculated as follows:  
 
 
 
 
 
n 
Net Asset Value = ∑   
𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 x 𝑞𝑞𝑞𝑞  
  
 
 
𝑖𝑖=1  
 
Where (for all Crypto Assets (i) in the Index):  
n = number of underlying components  
pi = cryptocompare or index reference price of asset (USD) as stated on the final terms 
qi = entitlement amount of unit 
 
Single Asset ETP 
For example, if a single asset ETP held only Bitcoin (BTC), the CryptoCompare 5pm CET reference 
price was 20,000 USD (pi) and the per unit entitlement amount was .01 (qi), then the Net Asset Value 
of 1 unit of the ETP would be calculated as follows:

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
20,000 USD (pi) x .01 (qi) = 200 USD / unit 
 
Index ETP (or Basket ETP) 
Similarly, if an Index ETP held both Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) and the Index price at 5pm 
CET was 20,000 USD for Bitcoin and 2,000 USD for Ethereum and the entitlement amount per unit 
was .01 for Bitcoin and 0.1 for Ethereum then the Net Asset Value of a unit in USD would be 
calculated as follows: 
 
 
20,000 USD (p1) x .01 (q1) + 2,000 USD (p2) x .1 (q2) = 400 USD / unit 
 
Where, p1 = price of BTC, q1 = entitlement of BTC, p2 = price of ETH, q2 = entitlement of ETH 
 
 
How is the ETP’s value impacted by price changes of the underlying? 
 
*The investment is bought and sold at Net Asset Value. Excludes brokerage and transaction costs. 
 
Scenario 1: Increase in price of the underlying 
 
Single Asset ETP: 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of a single asset ETP where coin entitlement = 1 BTC and 
where reference price of the coin = 10,000 USD at the beginning of the year. NAV = 
10,000 USD/Unit 
2. Management fee = 1%. Management fees are accrued in coin on a daily basis. After 1 
year management fees = .01 BTC and coin entitlement = .99 BTC 
3. At the end of year the reference price for BTC is 11,000 USD and the ETP’s Net Asset 
Value = 10,890 USD 
4. The investor sells the unit after a 1 year holding period and has a gain of 890 USD 
 
 
 
Index ETP (or Basket ETP): 
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of an index ETP where coin entitlement = .01 BTC and .1 ETH 
where reference price of BTC  = 10,000 USD and ETH = 1,000 USD at the beginning of 
the year. NAV = 200 USD/Unit 
2. Management fee = 1%. Management fees are accrued in coin on a daily basis. After 1 
year management fees = .0001 BTC and .001 ETH respectively and the  coin 
entitlement = .0099 BTC and .099 ETH

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
 
3. At the end of year the reference price for BTC is 11,000 USD and ETH is 1,200 USD. 
The ETP unit has a Net Asset Value = 227.70 USD 
4. The investor sells the unit after a 1 year holding period and has a gain of 27.70 USD 
 
Scenario 2: Decrease in price of the underlying 
 
Single Asset ETP: 
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of a single asset ETP where coin entitlement = 1 BTC and 
where reference price of the coin = 10,000 USD at the beginning of the year. NAV = 
10,000 USD/Unit 
2. Management fee = 1%. Management fees are accrued in coin on a daily basis. After 1 
year management fees = .01 BTC and coin entitlement = .99 BTC 
3. At the end of year the reference price for BTC is 9,000 USD and the ETP’s  Net Asset 
Value = 8,910 USD 
4. The investor sells the unit after a 1 year holding period and has a loss of 1,090 USD 
 
 
 
Index ETP (or Basket ETP) 
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of an index ETP where coin entitlement = .01 BTC and .1 ETH 
where reference price of BTC  = 10,000 USD and ETH = 1,000 USD at the beginning of 
the year. NAV = 200 USD/Unit 
2. Management fee = 1%. Management fees are accrued in coin on a daily basis. After 1 
year management fees = .0001 BTC and .001 ETH respectively and the  coin 
entitlement = .0099 BTC and .099 ETH 
3. At the end of year the reference price for BTC is 9,000 USD and ETH is 900 USD. The 
ETP unit has a Net Asset Value = 178.20 USD 
4. The investor sells the unit after a 1 year holding period and has a loss of 21.80 USD 
 
 
Scenario 3: No change in price of the underlying 
 
Single Asset ETP: 
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of a single asset ETP where coin entitlement = 1 BTC and 
where reference price of the coin = 10,000 USD at the beginning of the year. NAV = 
10,000 USD/Unit

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
 
2. Management fee = 1%. Management fees are accrued in coin on a daily basis. After 1 
year management fees = .01 BTC and coin entitlement = .99 BTC 
3. At the end of year the reference price for BTC is 10,000 USD and has a Net Asset 
Value = 9,900 USD 
4. The investor sells the unit after a 1 year holding period and has a loss of 100 USD 
 
 
 
Index ETP (or Basket ETP) 
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of an index ETP where coin entitlement = .01 BTC and .1 ETH 
where reference price of BTC  = 10,000 USD and ETH = 1,000 USD at the beginning of 
the year. NAV = 200 USD/Unit 
2. Management fee = 1%. Management fees are accrued in coin on a daily basis. After 1 
year management fees = .0001 BTC and .001 ETH respectively and the  coin 
entitlement = .0099 BTC and .099 ETH 
3. At the end of year the reference price for BTC is 10,000 USD and ETH is 1,000 USD. 
The ETP unit has a Net Asset Value = 198 USD 
4. The investor sells the unit after a 1 year holding period and has a loss of 2 USD 
 
 
How is the Net Asset Value of the 1x Short ETPs calculated? 
 
*The Short ETPs are rebalanced daily to track the -1x performance of the index. The Short ETPs do 
not track the -1x performance of the underlying over a holding period longer than 1 day.  
 
A short ETP is valued in a similar manner as an Index ETP. The Short ETP borrows the target asset 
and sells it on the market in order to replicate a physical short of the coin. The ETP holds both USD 
and a short position as the underlying assets. If a short ETP holds X coin and USDC and the Index 
price at 5pm CET was 20,000 USD for X coin and 1 USD for USDC and the entitlement amount per 
unit was -.01 for X coin and 400 for USDC then the Net Asset Value of a unit in USD would be 
calculated as follows: 
 
 
1 USD (p1) x 400 USDC (q1) + 20,000 USD (p2) x -0.01 (q2) = 200 USD / unit 
 
Where, p1 = price of USDC, q1 = entitlement of USDC, p2 = price of BTC, q2 = entitlement of short 
exposure to X coin 
 
How is the ETP’s value impacted by price changes of the underlying over a 1 day holding 
period?

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
 
 
*The investment is bought and sold at Net Asset Value. Excludes brokerage and transaction costs. 
Management fees will be 2.5% annually (.00685% daily) and a borrow cost of coin of 5% annually 
(.01370% daily). 
 
Scenario 1: Increase in price of the underlying over 1 business day  
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of a 1x short single asset ETP where coin entitlement = -.01 
BTC, 400 USDC and where reference price of BTC = 20,000 USD and USDC = 1 USD 
on day 1. NAV = 200 USD 
2. On day 2 BTC = 22,000 USD.  
Open day NAV =  
 
1 USD (p1) x 400 USDC (q1) + 22,000 USD (p2) x -0.01 (q2) = 180 USD 
 
3. Management fee = .00685% and Borrow cost = .01370%. Management fees and 
borrow costs are accrued in USD on a daily basis and are charged as follows: 
 
Management fee = 180 USD (Opening NAV) x .00685% (daily management fee) = 
.01233 USD 
Borrow Cost = .01 BTC (borrowed amount) x .01370% (daily borrow cost) x 22,000 
USD (reference price) = .03014 USD 
 
4. Net Asset Value on day 2 = 180 USD - .01233 USD (Management fee) - .03014 USD 
(Borrow cost) = 179.96 USD 
 
5. The investor sells the unit after a 1 day holding period and has a loss of 20.04 USD 
 
Scenario 2: Decrease in price of the underlying over 1 business day  
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of a 1x short single asset ETP where coin entitlement = -.01 
BTC, 400 USDC and where reference price of BTC = 20,000 USD and USDC = 1 USD 
on day 1. NAV = 200 USD 
2. On day 2 BTC = 18,000 USD.  
Open day NAV =  
 
1 USD (p1) x 400 USDC (q1) + 18,000 USD (p2) x -0.01 (q2) = 220 USD 
 
3. Management fee = .00685% and Borrow cost = .01370%. Management fees and 
borrow costs are accrued in USD on a daily basis and are charged as follows:

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
 
 
Management fee = 220 USD (Opening NAV) x .00685% (daily management fee) = 
.01507 USD 
Borrow Cost = .01 BTC (borrowed amount) x .01370% (daily borrow cost) x 18,000 
USD (reference price) = .02466 USD 
 
4. Net Asset Value on day 2 = 220 USD - .01507 USD (Management fee) - .02466 USD 
(Borrow cost) = 219.96 USD 
 
5. The investor sells the unit after a 1 day holding period and has a gain of 19.96 USD 
 
Scenario 3: No change in price of the underlying over 1 business day  
 
1. Investor A bought 1 unit of a 1x short single asset ETP where coin entitlement = -.01 
BTC, 400 USDC and where reference price of BTC = 20,000 USD and USDC = 1 USD 
on day 1. NAV = 200 USD 
2. On day 2 BTC = 20,000 USD.  
Open day NAV =  
 
1 USD (p1) x 400 USDC (q1) + 20,000 USD (p2) x -0.01 (q2) = 200 USD 
 
3. Management fee = .00685% and Borrow cost = .01370%. Management fees and 
borrow costs are accrued in USD on a daily basis and are charged as follows: 
 
Management fee = 200 USD (Opening NAV) x .00685% (daily management fee) = 
.0137 USD 
Borrow Cost = .01 BTC (borrowed amount) x .01370% (daily borrow cost) x 20,000 
USD (reference price) = .0274 USD 
 
4. Net Asset Value on day 2 = 220 USD - .01507 USD (Management fee) - .02466 USD 
(Borrow cost) = 199.9589 USD 
 
5. The investor sells the unit after a 1 day holding period and has a loss of .0411 USD 
 
How is the ETP’s value impacted by price changes of the underlying over a holding period >1 
day? 
 
Scenario 1: High Volatility, Stable Bitcoin Price 
 
If the Bitcoin price is moving in different directions day by day, then Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC) may

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
 
underperform the price of Bitcoin. Losses on day 1 will not be offset by gains on day 2 because the 
starting amount is smaller. Even though the ETP is tracking the daily percentage change in the BTC 
price the cumulative performance is different due to the effects on compounding. 
 
 
Scenario 2: Low Volatility, Downtrending Bitcoin Price 
 
If the Bitcoin price is stable but trending in a negative direction, then Short Bitcoin ETP (SBTC) will 
outperform the price of BTC. This is because daily returns of the ETP are compounded and so the 
starting amount gets bigger. As you see, SBTC outperforms the non-compounding index by 0.18% as 
compounding benefits inverse ETPs in a low volatility market with a consistent trend.  
 
Scenario 3: Low Volatility, Uptrending Bitcoin Price 
 
If the Bitcoin price is stable but trending in a positive direction, then Short Bitcoin ETP’s (SBTC) price 
will fall (but by less than BTC goes up). Losses made on day 1 will cause subsequent losses to be 
applied to a smaller amount. SBTC’s performance is less negative than would have been the case 
without the effects of compounding (as we can see by the fact that SBTC falls less over two days than 
Bitcoin rises in percentage terms).  
Compounding greatly affects the performance of SBTC over periods longer than one day. This effect is 
particularly pronounced in volatile markets. As such, SBTC has a holding horizon of less than or equal 
to one day and holders should consider their holdings at least daily.

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
 
Products featuring long exposure 
In short, if the value of the entitlement for a particular Product providing long exposure increases compared with 
the Issue Price this will have a positive impact on the market value of the Product and, if the Product were 
redeemed at such point in time, the Redemption Amount.  
Conversely, if the value of the entitlement for such Product decreases compared with the Issue Price this will have 
a negative impact on the market value of the Product and, if the Product would be redeemed at such point in time, 
the Redemption Amount.  
The Redemption Amount will be reduced by the Investor Fee irrespective of whether the value of the entitlement 
increases, decreases or stays flat and the market value of the Products will take this into account on a continuous 
basis.  
The Redemption Amount can be as low as zero.  
The market value of the Product, i.e. the prices at which the Product can be purchased or sold, may be different 
than the value a hypothetical calculation of the Redemption Amount would result in at any given point in time.  
Products featuring short exposure 
In short, if the value of the entitlement for a particular Product providing short exposure decreases compared with 
the Issue Price this will have a positive impact on market value of the Product and, if the Product would be 
redeemed at such point in time, the Redemption Amount.  
Conversely, if the value of the entitlement for such Product increases compared with than the Issue Price this will 
have a negative impact on market value of the Product and, if the Product would be redeemed at such point in 
time, the Redemption Amount.  
The Redemption 
The Redemption Amount will be reduced by the Investor Fee irrespective of whether the value of the entitlement 
increases, decreases or stays flat. Products providing short exposure are also subject to a cost component for

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
 
borrowing costs as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The market value of the Products will take this into 
account on a continuous basis.  
The Redemption Amount can be as low as zero.  
The market value of a Product, i.e. the prices at which the Product can be purchased or sold, may be different 
than the value a hypothetical calculation of the Redemption Amount would result in at any given point in time.  
Price per Product 
On the Issue Date of the Series, the Price per Product will be equal to its Issue Price. 
On a Redemption Date, the Price per Product will be the Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with the 
formula set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Redemption Amount shall not be less than the smallest 
denomination of the Settlement Currency (i.e., U.S.$0.01, €0.01, CHF 0.01, £0.01 or the equivalent in other 
Settlement Currencies). 
Redemptions by Authorised Participants pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption at the Option of an Authorised 
Participant) shall be settled on an in-kind basis unless the Issuer permits such redemption to be settled in 
accordance with Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement).  
Issue Price 
The Issue Price in respect of a Tranche of Products will be specified in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche. 
The Issue Price will reflect the current market value of the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, 
Commodity Asset Collateral collateralising the Product on the Issue Date.  
Interest on the Products 
The Products do not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
Redemption 
The Issuer may terminate and redeem a Series of Products in whole but not in part at any time, at the Issuer's 
sole discretion and without any further prior consent of the Investors, on the Redemption Date by publishing a 
Termination Notice in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. 
On each Investor Put Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), an Investor holding Products may, by no 
less than 30 days’ and no more than 60 days’ written notice prior to the Investor Put Date (the Redemption Period) 
to the Issuer (including by e-mail to etp@21.co), redeem the Products held by such Investor, in an amount of 
Products corresponding to such Investor’s Redemption Order (as defined below), on the Investor Put Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorised Participants may request the Issuer to terminate and redeem all or part of it’s holding of Products by 
delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, Commodity Asset Collateral, for such Products in 
accordance with Condition 5.3 (Redemption at the Option of an Authorised Participant) and the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement. Redemptions by Authorised Participants shall be settled on an in-kind basis unless the 
Issuer permits such redemption to be settled in accordance with Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement).

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
 
Events of Default, Insolvency Event and Enforcement 
If an Event of Default and Acceleration or an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of a Series of Products, each 
Product of such Series shall become, immediately redeemable without further action or formality.  
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or Insolvency Event, the Collateral Agent shall: (i) in the case of an 
Event of Default, if so instructed by Investors representing not less than 25% of Products in the relevant Series in 
writing; or (ii) in the case of an Insolvency Event, if so instructed by any Investor in writing, serve an Enforcement 
Notice on the Issuer and, subject as provided in the Collateral Agent Agreement, at any time and without notice, 
institute such proceedings and/or take such action, step or proceedings as it may think fit against, or in relation to, 
the Issuer or any other person to enforce its rights under any of the Product Documentation. 
Subject to the provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement, at any time after the Issuer Security has become 
enforceable, the Collateral Agent shall, if so instructed by Investors representing not less than 25% of Products in 
the relevant Series following an Event of Default or any Investor following an Insolvency Event, in writing, without 
notice, take such steps, actions or proceedings as it may think fit to enforce such Issuer Security. 
The Collateral Agent shall not be required or obliged to take any action, step or proceeding 
whether in relation to the enforcement of the Issuer Security or otherwise without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The Products are issued under the exchange traded products programme (the Programme) established by 
21Shares AG (the Issuer). The following general terms and conditions (together, the General Terms and 
Conditions and each, a Condition) are applicable to all Products issued under the Programme by the Issuer and 
shall be completed by, and read in conjunction with, the Final Terms related to the relevant Products. In case of 
inconsistencies between the General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail.  
The Investors are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the Final 
Terms, the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, the Collateral Agent Agreement, the Administration 
Agreement and the Paying Agency Agreement. 
All subsequent references in these General Terms and Conditions to “Products” are to the Products which are the 
subject of a relevant Final Terms. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
As used in these General Terms and Conditions, Tranche means Products of the same Series, which are identical 
in all respects except for the Issue Date and the Issue Price. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, where Products are redeemed in accordance with these 
General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and the relevant Investor(s) shall be deemed to consent to the release 
of the relevant Underlyings.  
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions are applicable to all Products issued under the Programme by the Issuer and shall be 
read in conjunction with the Final Terms related to each Tranche of Products, which completes them. 
As used in these General Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall have the meanings in respect of 
any Products as set forth below. Words denoting the singular number only shall include the plural number also 
and vice versa.  
21Shares Index means the Index sponsored by the Issuer, which is an automatically rebalancing index as 
described in the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme. 
Additional Pledges means any pledge agreement other than the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreements 
between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent granted in respect of the Collateral specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Administrator means Formidium Corporation as specified in the relevant Final Terms and any successor 
administrator(s).

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
 
Administration Agreement means the agreement dated on or about 1 June 2020 between the Issuer and 
Formidium Corporation (f/k/a Sudrania Fund Services Corp.) as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time-to-time. 
ACA (i) the account control agreement dated 15 April 2019, governed by the laws of New York, entered into 
between the Issuer, Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, and the Collateral Agent with respect to the 
respective Collateral Account or (ii) the account control agreement dated 16 September 2019, governed by the 
laws of Switzerland, entered into between the Issuer, Bitcoin Suisse AG, and the Collateral Agent with respect to 
the respective Collateral Account or (iii) the account control agreement dated 31 March 2022, governed by the 
laws of England, entered into between the Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., and the Collateral Agent with 
respect to the respective secured accounts and secured property or (iv) the account control agreement dated 
20 May 2022, governed by the laws of the State of New York, entered into between the Issuer, BlockFi Lending, 
LLC, and Coinbase Trust Company, LLC with respect to the respective secured accounts and secured property 
or (v) the account control agreement dated 27 June 2022, governed by the laws of England, entered into between 
the Issuer, Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG and the Collateral Agent with respect to the respective 
Collateral Account or (vi) any other account control agreement specified in the Final Terms, as applicable. 
Airdrop means the equivalent of a special dividend in kind which results in the creation or allocation of new units 
of an existing asset serving as an Underlying or Underlying Component (as defined below) to participants in the 
blockchain. The new units of Crypto Assets are allocated to some but not necessarily all participants on a 
blockchain and are typically designed to incentivise specific behaviour in the network (i.e., increased participation, 
maintaining infrastructure, etc.).  
Allocated Precious Metals Account Agreement means the allocated precious metals account agreement, dated 
31 March 2022, governed by the laws of England, entered into between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. 
AP Redemption Date means the transaction date specified by a relevant Authorised Participant in its Form of 
Order Request, or such other date as may be agreed in writing between the Issuer and the relevant Authorised 
Participant. 
Appointee means any agent, delegate, custodian or nominee appointed by the Collateral Agent. 
Authorised Participant means an entity that is specified in the Final Terms and has entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer.

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement means an agreement between the Issuer and an Authorised Participant in 
respect of the creation, redemption and distribution of Products, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time-to-time.  
Basket means a basket of Underlyings as specified in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted by the Index 
Calculation Agent, from time-to-time in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions. 
Business Day in connection with any payment and settlement procedure, means a day on which (i) relevant 
Clearing Systems are open and Products can be settled, (ii) relevant commercial banks and custodians are open, 
(iii) banks in Zurich are open, (iv) foreign exchange markets execute payments in the respective Settlement 
Currency, (v) Underlyings or Underlying Components of the relevant Product can be settled, and/or (vi) any other 
day, as specified in the Final Terms, if applicable. 
Cash Settlement means the procedures specified in Condition 5.5, as completed by the Final Terms. 
Clearing and/or Clearing System means (i) in relation to Products listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, SIS and 
any additional clearing system approved by the SIX or (ii) any other additional clearing system specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Collateral means the Underlyings or Underlying Components credited to the Collateral Account and other assets 
denominated in the Underlyings or Underlying Components and/or any other collateral specified in the Final Terms 
and which serve as collateral for the Product. 
Collateral Account means (i) the account or sub-account, as applicable, administered by the Custodian and 
opened for the Products and (ii), where applicable, the accounts established pursuant to the Allocated Precious 
Metals Account Agreement and the Unallocated Precious Metals Account Agreement. 
Collateral Agent means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and any successor collateral agent. 
Collateral Agent Agreement means the Collateral Agent Agreement, governed by the laws of England, with 
certain provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement being governed by the laws of Switzerland as stated within 
the Collateral Agent Agreement, entered into between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent dated 13 November 
2018, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time.

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
 
Collateralisation means the procedures set out in Condition 3.2. 
Commodity Asset Collateral means the amount of Commodity Assets collateralizing a Product and credited to 
the relevant Collateral Account. 
Commodity Assets means the commodity(ies) in the form of precious metals specified as Underlying 
Component(s) in the applicable Final Terms. 
Crypto Asset Collateral means the amount of eligible Crypto Assets or other assets denominated in Underlying 
or Underlying components or other eligible assets collateralising a Product. 
Crypto Assets means: (i) any digital asset whose origin is derived from a blockchain, including digital currencies; 
(ii) digital commodities provisioning raw digital resources; or (iii) digital tokens, provisioning finished digital goods 
and services.  
Custodian means Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. or any successor or additional custodian as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Custodial Services Agreement means (i) the custodial services agreement in relation to the Crypto Assets 
collateralising Products issued under the Programme dated on or about 15 April 2019 between the Issuer and 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-
time or (ii) the custodial services agreement in relation to the Crypto Assets collateralising Products issued under 
the Programme dated 27 June 2022 between the Issuer and Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, as may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time or (iii) the Unallocated Precious Metals Account 
Agreement dated on or about 31 March 2022 between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time or (iv) the Allocated Precious Metals Account 
Agreement dated on or about 31 March 2022 between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time, (v) or any other custodial services agreement 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable. 
DEBA means the Swiss Debt Enforcement and Bankruptcy Act of 11 April 1889, as amended. 
Enforcement Notice means a notice given to the Issuer by Collateral Agent (following receipt of instructions to 
do so by the Required Threshold of Investors) following the occurrence of an Event of Default or an Insolvency 
Event as set out in Condition 21.

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
 
Event of Default has the meaning given in Condition 20. 
Exchange means the trading venues specified in the Final Terms where the Product is listed and, in case the 
Exchange is SIX, traded. 
Exchange Business Day means, if not otherwise specified in the Final Terms:  
(i) 
In relation to Products with a single Underlying or a Basket, if the value of such Underlying or Underlying 
Components is determined: 
(a) 
by way of reference to a price or value source including but not limited to information providers 
such as Reuters or Bloomberg and the respective pages on their systems, a day on which such 
price or value source still exists and officially provides for the respective price or value, subject to 
Market Disruption Events; 
(b) 
by way of reference to a publication of an official fixing, a day on which such fixing is scheduled 
to be determined and published by the respective fixing sponsor, subject to Market Disruption 
Events; 
(c) 
by way of reference to an official cash settlement price, a day, on which such official cash 
settlement price is scheduled to be determined and published by the respective exchange or any 
other official announcing party, subject to Market Disruption Events; 
(d) 
by way of reference to an official settlement price, a day, on which the Relevant Underlying 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its respective regular trading session, 
notwithstanding any such Relevant Underlying Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing 
time. 
(ii) 
In relation to Products with an Index as Underlying, a day, on which the relevant Index is calculated by 
the Index Calculation Agent or the Successor Index Calculation Agent and published by the Publishing 
Party or the Publishing Third Party, subject to Market Disruption Events. 
(iii) 
In relation to Products with more than one Underlying or Underlying Component, irrespective of their 
nature and number, a day on which all Underlyings or Underlying Components can be determined in 
accordance with (i) and (ii) above.

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
 
Extraordinary Event has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 17. 
Fair Market Value has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 9.2.  
Final Fixing Date means, subject to provisions regarding a Market Disruption Event, the date for the determination 
of the Redemption Amount, specified in the Final Terms or in any Termination Notice. 
FISA has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 2. 
Fork means an event where a developer or group of developers split the code base powering a Crypto Asset that 
serves as an Underlying or Underlying Component into two or more branches of variations of development, 
resulting in the creation of a new asset which derives from the original blockchain of the respective Underlying or 
Underlying Component. 
Form of Order Request means the form of order request in respect of a redemption of Products at the option of 
an Authorised Participant in accordance with Condition 5.4, as set out in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement. 
FX Disruption Event has the meaning given in Condition 10.  
FX Establishment Date has the meaning given in Condition 10.  
FX Rate has the meaning given in Condition 10. 
Global Paying Agent means Bank Frick & Co. AG and any successor global paying agent. 
Increased Cost of Collateralisation has the meaning specified in Condition 10. 
Index means the index specified in the Final Terms, which may be the 21Shares Index or another Index, as 
specified.

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
 
Index Calculation Agent means the index calculation agent specified in the Final Terms.  
Index Sponsor means the sponsor of the Index specified in the Final Terms. 
Insolvency Event has the meaning given in Condition 20. 
Intermediated Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 2. 
Investor means (i) the persons, other than intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), holding the Products in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) with an intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle) and (ii) the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) 
holding the Products for their own account, in each case in accordance with the provisions of the FISA. 
Investor Order Request Form has the meaning given in Condition 5.4. 
Investor Put Date is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Date means the date specified in the Final Terms on which the Products are issued.  
Issue Price per Product means the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, the Commodity Asset Collateral, 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer means 21Shares AG, a corporation incorporated under the laws of Switzerland. 
Issuer Security means the security created over the Collateral in favour of the Collateral Agent and for the benefit 
of Investors pursuant to the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement and the ACA.  
Issuer Security Enforcement Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 21.2. 
Jura Pentium Servicing Entity means Jura Pentium AG or any successor servicing entity. 
Main Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 2.  
Market Disruption Event has the meaning specified in Condition 6.

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
 
Market Maker means the market maker specified in the Final Terms. This may be the same as or different than the 
Authorised Participant for the Product. 
Minimum Investment Amount means the minimum investment amount for any Tranche of Products as specified 
in the Final Terms, if any. 
Minimum Trading Lot means a minimum trading lot specified in the Final Terms, if any. 
Observation Date has the meaning specified in the Final Terms, if applicable. 
Paying Agency Agreement means the agency agreement between the Issuer and the Global Paying Agent in 
relation to the Programme, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time.  
Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement means (i) the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement governed by the 
laws of New York dated on or about 15 April 2019 between, the Issuer, as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent, as 
collateral agent, in respect of the Collateral, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-
to-time or (ii) the security agreement governed by the laws of England dated 18 August 2021 between, the Issuer, 
as assignor, and the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent, in respect of the Collateral, as may be amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time (iii) the pledge of collateral account agreement, dated 31 March 
2022 and governed by the laws of England, between the Issuer, as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent, as collateral 
agent, with respect to the accounts established under the Allocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement and the 
Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement, respectively, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time-to-time, or (iv) any other pledge of collateral account agreement specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable. 
Postponed Final Fixing Date has the meaning given in Condition 10. 
Postponed Observation Date has the meaning given in Condition 10. 
Potential Adjustment Event has the meaning given in Condition 8.1. 
Product means the exchange traded products linked to an Underlying, as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
 
Product Calculation Agent means the calculation agent specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Product Documentation means these General Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, each as may 
be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time. 
Publishing Party means the entity specified as the Publishing Party in the Final Terms. 
Publishing Third Party means the entity which is the successor to the Publishing Party. 
Receiver means a person appointed by the Collateral Agent to assist with the performance of their duties under 
the Collateral Agent Agreement in accordance with Clause 16 (Appointment and Removal of Receiver or 
Administrator) thereof. 
Redemption Amount means an amount in the Settlement Currency payable per Product by the Issuer to the 
Investors calculated as specified in the Final Terms; provided, however, that in the case of an Extraordinary Event 
pursuant to Condition 17, the Redemption Amount shall be reduced and may be as low as the smallest 
denomination of the Settlement Currency (i.e., U.S.$0.01, €0.01, CHF 0.01, £0.01 or the equivalent in other 
Settlement Currencies). 
Redemption Date means (i) the date specified in the Termination Notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 
days after publication of the Termination Notice; or (ii) in respect of any redemption following the exercise of an 
Investor’s option in accordance with Condition 5.2, the relevant Investor Put Date, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Where a Final Fixing Date is postponed as a consequence of a Market Disruption Event, the Redemption Date 
will be postponed accordingly. 
Redemption Order has the meaning set out in Condition 5.2. 
Redemption Period has the meaning set out in Condition 5.2. 
Relevant Currency means the currency in which the Underlying or Underlying Components is trading on the 
Relevant Underlying Exchange. 
Relevant Underlying Exchange(s) means the exchange(s) or a quotation system as specified in the Final Terms 
on which the relevant Underlying or Underlying Components are traded, or any successor to such Relevant 
Underlying Exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying has

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
 
temporarily relocated. Any substitute exchange or quotation system must provide comparable liquidity relative to 
the Underlying or Underlying Components as on the original Relevant Underlying Exchange, as determined by the 
Issuer. 
Required Threshold means: (i) in respect of any action relating to or following an Insolvency Event, any Investor; 
and (ii) in any other case (including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Event of Default), Investors representing not 
less than 25% of Products in the relevant Series. 
Security Documents means the ACA, the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement and the Additional Pledges. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the Final Terms in which the Redemption Amount is settled. 
SIS means SIX SIS AG, Olten, Switzerland, or any successor thereof. 
SIX or SIX Swiss Exchange means the SIX Swiss Exchange AG, Pfingstweidstrasse 110, 8005 Zurich, 
Switzerland, or its successor. 
Successor Index Calculation Agent means the entity that is the successor to the Index Calculation Agent. 
Successor Underlyings means underlying assets as defined in Condition 8.3. 
Swiss Paying Agent means the Swiss bank or securities dealer performing the paying agency function for a 
particular Series of Products for the purposes of the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange as set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Termination Notice means the Issuer’s notice of the termination and redemption of the Products. 
Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement means the unallocated precious metals accounts 
agreement governed by the laws of England, dated 31 March 2022, between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
 
Underlying Component means, in relation to Products linked to an Index, each component of such Index and, in 
relation to Products linked to a Basket, each component of such Basket.  
Underlying Illiquidity has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 7.1. 
Underlying means the underlying specified in the Final Terms. 
Wallet (or Digital Wallet or Cryptocurrency Wallet or Crypto Wallet) means a software program where a private 
key (secret number) and public address for every Crypto Asset address that is saved in the wallet of the person 
or person who owns the balance.  
2. 
SERIES, TRANCHES AND FORM 
Products issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a Series), and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each, a Tranche). Each Tranche is subject to a Final Terms. Tranches in a Series shall be 
identical in all respects except for the Issue Date and the Issue Price. 
Products in each Series will be issued in uncertificated form in the Minimum Investment Amount(s), if applicable, 
and Relevant Currency specified in the Final Terms, as uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) that are created by 
the Issuer by means of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). Such Products 
will then be entered into the main register of the Clearing System (Hauptregister) (the Main Register). Once the 
Products are registered in the Main Register of the Clearing System and entered into the accounts of one or more 
participants of the Clearing System, they will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (Intermediated 
Securities) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act of 3 October 
2008, as amended (the FISA).  
None of the Issuer, the Investors, the Global Paying Agent, any Swiss Paying Agent or any other person shall at 
any time have the right to affect or demand the conversion of Products (as uncertificated securities) into, or the 
delivery of, a permanent global certificate (Globalurkunde) or individually certificated securities (Wertpapiere). 
So long as the Products remain registered with the Clearing Systems, the Products may only be transferred or 
otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA by entry of the transferred Products in a 
securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Clearing System will determine the number of Products held through each participant in the 
Clearing System. In respect of the Products held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of the 
Products will be the Investors.

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
 
 
3. 
STATUS AND COLLATERALISATION 
3.1 
Status 
The Products constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu with each and all other 
current and future unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
3.2 
Collateralisation 
The Issuer will, by no later than the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Products, credit the Underlyings or 
Underlying Components of the Products or other assets specified in the relevant Final Terms to the 
respective Collateral Account for such Series. The Issuer has entered into the ACA, the Pledge of Collateral 
Account Agreement, the Additional Pledges and the Collateral Agent Agreement in order to provide the 
Collateral for the benefit of the Investors to secure its payment obligations under the Product 
Documentation. 
4. 
PERPETUAL PRODUCTS 
The Products are perpetual (“open-ended”) and have no fixed maturity. 
The Issuer has the right to terminate and redeem all but not part of the outstanding Products in any Series 
in accordance with the procedure described in Condition 5. 
5. 
REDEMPTION OF PRODUCTS 
5.1 
Termination and Redemption of Products by the Issuer 
The Issuer may terminate and redeem the Products outstanding in any Series in whole but not in part (i) at 
any time, at the Issuer’s sole discretion and without any further consent of or approval by the Investors, on 
the relevant Redemption Date by publishing the Termination Notice in respect of such Series in accordance 
with Condition 16, and (ii) in accordance with Conditions 11 and 12.  
5.2 
Redemption of Products at the Option of the Investors 
The Issuer shall, at the option of any Investor holding Products, upon such Investor giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ written notice, prior to the Investor Put Date (the Redemption Period) to the Issuer 
(including by e-mail to etp@21.co), redeem the Products held by such Investor, in an amount of Products 
corresponding to such Investor’s Redemption Order (as defined below), on the Investor Put Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
To exercise such option, the holder must, within the Redemption Period, instruct the financial intermediary 
maintaining the relevant securities account for such holder to set up a sell order (the Redemption Order) 
with the Global Paying Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer. All Redemption Orders received by the Global 
Paying Agent or the Issuer and the Administrator (as the case may be) during the Redemption Period shall 
be deemed to be valid, and may not be subsequently withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
 
Settlement of such Redemption Orders shall take place exclusively (i) for redemptions pursuant to 
Conditions 5.4, as stated therein and (ii) for redemptions pursuant to Condition 5.5, in the delivery versus 
payment procedure via SIX SIS. 
Products shall be redeemed in accordance with the procedures set forth in Condition 5.4 unless the relevant 
Investor specifies in the applicable Redemption Order that the procedures set forth in Condition 5.3 or in 
Condition 5.5 shall apply or the Investor is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from receiving delivery 
of the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, of the Commodity Asset Collateral.  
5.3 
Redemption of Products at the Option of an Authorised Participant 
(a) 
An Investor, which is also an Authorised Participant, may at any time, require the Issuer to terminate 
and redeem all or part of its holding of Products by delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where 
applicable, of the Commodity Asset Collateral for such Products (as determined by the Product 
Calculation Agent) in accordance with paragraph (b) by lodging with the Issuer a Form of Order 
Request.  
(b) 
Where Products are required to be redeemed by delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where 
applicable, of the Commodity Asset Collateral for such Products in line with paragraph (a): 
(i) 
the Authorised Participant shall submit a Form of Order Request on the order-taking platform; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and Administrator shall verify the order to ensure that it complies with these 
Conditions, the relevant Final Terms and the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and, 
if so, shall send an order confirmation; 
(iii) 
the Global Paying Agent shall (i) de-register the relevant Products in the Main Register and 
(ii) debit the direct participant’s account accordingly via DfP transfer instructions;  
(iv) 
the Global Paying Agent shall cancel the relevant Products in the Issuer’s book of uncertificated 
securities (Wertrechtebuch); 
(v) 
the Custodian shall transfer the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, of 
Commodity Asset Collateral to the Authorised Participant’s Wallet or account on the relevant 
AP Redemption Date.  
(c) 
From the relevant AP Redemption Date, all title to and risks in such Crypto Asset Collateral and, 
where applicable, in such Commodity Asset Collateral shall pass to the holder of the relevant 
Products. None of the Issuer, the Administrator the Collateral Agent, the Jura Pentium Servicing 
Entity, the Global Paying Agent or any Swiss Paying Agent or other paying agent shall be responsible 
or liable for any failure by the Custodian to effect delivery of the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral or, 
where applicable, the relevant Commodity Asset Collateral in accordance with the Form of Order 
Request and the instructions given by the Issuer or any other person. However, in the event of such 
failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable, assign to the redeeming Authorised Participant its 
claims in respect of such Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, of such Commodity Asset 
Collateral in satisfaction of all claims of such holder in respect of the Products to be redeemed and 
the holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Issuer Security.

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
 
(d) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Products being redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 
shall be satisfied by transferring the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral and where applicable, the 
relevant Commodity Asset Collateral in accordance with this Condition 5.3. 
(e) 
An Authorised Participant may request redemption under this Condition 5.3 to be effected on a Cash 
Settlement basis. If such request is approved by the Issuer, the redemption shall be effected in 
accordance with the procedures set out in Condition 5.5. 
(f) 
A Form of Order Request submitted by an Authorised Participant shall be in the form set out in the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and shall include, inter alia, the number and type of 
Products to be redeemed, the Wallet or account to which the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral and 
where applicable, the relevant Commodity Asset Collateral shall be delivered and the AP Redemption 
Date, and shall be signed by an authorised signatory of the Authorised Participant. 
(g) 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement and completion of the Form of 
Order Request and this Condition 5.3 shall be modified in respect of redemption to the extent of any 
such variation. 
5.4 
Redemption of Products by Delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral for such Products 
Unless the relevant Investor specifies in the applicable Redemption Order that the procedures set forth in 
Condition 5.5 shall apply, the Collateral consists of Commodity Asset Collateral, or the Investor is prohibited 
for legal or regulatory reasons from receiving delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral, the Products that are 
subject to a specific Redemption Order shall be redeemed as follows: 
(a) 
Products that are required to be redeemed pursuant to a relevant Redemption Order shall be 
redeemed by delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral for such Products; 
(b) 
the relevant Investor must, together with the applicable Redemption Order, submit the necessary 
details for such redemption in-kind by completing an investor order request form that can be obtained 
from the Issuer (the Investor Order Request Form). An Investor Order Request Form shall include, 
inter alia, the number and type of Products to be redeemed, the Wallet or account to which the 
relevant Crypto Asset Collateral shall be delivered on the Investor Put Date, and shall be duly signed 
by the Investor; 
(c) 
the Issuer and Administrator shall verify the Redemption Order and Investor Order Request Form 
order to ensure that it complies with these Conditions, the relevant Final Terms and the relevant form 
obtained from the Issuer and, if so, shall send an order confirmation to the relevant Investor; 
(d) 
the Global Paying Agent shall (i) de-register the relevant Products in the Main Register and (ii) debit 
the direct participant’s account accordingly via DfP transfer instructions;  
(e) 
the Global Paying Agent shall cancel the relevant Products in the Issuer’s book of uncertificated 
securities (Wertrechtebuch); and 
(f) 
the Custodian shall transfer the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral to the Investor’s Wallet or account 
specified in the Investor Order Request Form on the relevant Investor Put Date.

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
 
(g) 
From the relevant Investor Put Date, all title to and risks in such Crypto Asset Collateral shall pass to 
the holder of the relevant Products. None of the Issuer, the Administrator the Collateral Agent, the 
Jura Pentium Servicing Entity, the Global Paying Agent or any Swiss Paying Agent or other paying 
agent shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the Custodian to effect delivery of the relevant 
Crypto Asset Collateral in accordance with the Investor Order Request Form. However, in the event 
of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable, assign to the redeeming Investor its claims 
in respect of such Crypto Asset Collateral in satisfaction of all claims of such holder in respect of the 
Products to be redeemed and the holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer. 
(h) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Products being redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.4 
shall be satisfied by transferring the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral in accordance with this Condition 
5.4. 
(i) 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement and completion of the Investor 
Order Request Form and this Condition 5.4 shall be modified in respect of redemption to the extent 
of any such variation. 
5.5 
Cash Settlement 
(a) 
Cash Settlement Redemption 
 
If so specified in the applicable Redemption Order, the termination and redemption of Products, other 
than as set out in Condition 5.3 (Redemption of Products at the Option of an Authorised Participant) 
shall be settled on a Cash Settlement basis in accordance with this Condition 5.5. 
(b) 
Determination and Notification of the Redemption Amount 
The Product Calculation Agent shall determine the Redemption Amount to be paid by the Issuer in 
respect of the Products being terminated and redeemed. 
(c) 
Cash Settlement on the Redemption Date for the relevant Series. 
On or prior to the Redemption Date, the Issuer shall, in respect of the Products being terminated and 
redeemed, for value on the Redemption Date, transfer (or cause to be transferred) the Redemption 
Amount to the Global Paying Agent.  
On the Redemption Date, the Global Paying Agent shall, subject to (i) transfer of the relevant Products 
to be terminated and redeemed and (ii) receipt of payment of the related taxes and duties, if any, 
initiate the redemption process by way of delivery versus payment procedure via SIX SIS AG

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
 
6. 
MARKET DISRUPTION – RIGHTS ON A MARKET DISRUPTION 
6.1 
For Products related to an Index 
This Condition 6.1 is applicable only in relation to Products related to an Index. 
(a) 
Market Disruption Event 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.1, Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Index, the 
occurrence or existence on a day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation of the Index, in 
particular the Final Fixing Date, of a suspension or a limitation on trading in a material number or 
percentage of the Underlying Components or a limitation on prices for such Underlying Component. 
The number or percentage can be determined in the Final Terms and in the absence of such 
determination, a suspension or limitation of trading in 20% or more of that Index capitalisation shall 
be deemed to constitute a Market Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of this definition a limitation on the hours and number of days of trading will not 
constitute a Market Disruption Event if it results from an announced change in the regular business 
hours of the Relevant Underlying Exchange. 
(b) 
Rights on the Occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
If the Product Calculation Agent, in its discretion determines that a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred and is continuing on a day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation of the Index, for 
example the Final Fixing Date, then the respective day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation 
of the Index shall be postponed until the next following Exchange Business Day on which there is no 
such Market Disruption Event. 
If, in the sole opinion of the Product Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event is continuing, then 
the day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation of the Index, in particular the Final Fixing Date, 
and the value for that Index shall be determined for such date by the Product Calculation Agent, in 
its duly exercised discretion and in accordance with established market practice.  
6.2 
For Products related to single Underlying or a Basket of any Underlyings  
This Condition 6.2 is applicable only in relation to Products related to a single Underlying or a Basket. 
(a) 
Market Disruption Event 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2, Market Disruption Event means, in respect of the single 
Underlying or Basket, that the price or value relevant for the Product cannot be determined or 
announced or published or otherwise is not being made available on a day relevant for the fixing, 
observation or valuation of such Underlying or Basket, in particular the Final Fixing Date, as 
determined by the Product Calculation Agent, in its duly exercised discretion. 
(b) 
Rights on the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
If the Product Calculation Agent, in its duly exercised discretion determines that a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred and is continuing on a day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation of the 
single Underlying or Basket, in particular the Final Fixing Date, then the respective day relevant for

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
 
the fixing, observation or valuation of such Underlying or Basket shall be postponed until the next 
following Exchange Business Day where there is no such Market Disruption Event. 
If a Market Disruption Event is continuing, then the respective day relevant for the fixing, observation 
or valuation of the single Underlying or Basket, in particular the Final Fixing Date, and the value for 
such Underlying or Basket for such date shall be determined by the Product Calculation Agent, in its 
duly exercised discretion, but in accordance with established market practice. 
In the case of Products relating to a Basket, the day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation 
of the Basket, in particular the Final Fixing Date, for each Underlying Component which is not affected 
by the Market Disruption Event shall be the originally designated Final Fixing Date and the Final 
Fixing Date, as the case may be, for each Underlying Component which is affected shall be 
determined as provided above. 
7. 
UNDERLYING ILLIQUIDITY 
7.1 
Underlying Illiquidity 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, Underlying Illiquidity means, in respect of any Underlying or 
Underlying Component, low or no trading volume in the Underlying or Underlying Component, the difficulty 
to buy and/or sell the Underlying or Underlying Component in a short period of time without its price being 
affected, or any comparable event that leads to an extraordinary illiquidity in any Underlying or Underlying 
Component, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
7.2 
Rights upon Underlying Illiquidity 
(a) 
Expanded bid/offer spreads 
In case of Underlying Illiquidity, the Market Maker or Authorised Participant shall be entitled to 
temporarily increase the spread between the bid and offer prices of the Product to account for such 
prevailing market conditions. 
(b) 
Modified Redemption Amount 
In case of Underlying Illiquidity, the relevant Redemption Amount may be calculated based on the 
average execution price (less transaction costs) as it was obtained on a best effort basis, as 
determined by the Product Calculation Agent, instead of using the originally pre-defined fixing or value 
of the Underlying (e.g., the official close of the respective Underlying) set out in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Postponed fixing and/or redemption 
In case of Underlying Illiquidity, the determination (fixing) and/or the payment of the relevant 
redemption amount shall be postponed accordingly by such number of days necessary to account for 
such prevailing market conditions as determined by the Product Calculation Agent.  
7.3 
No Rights to Underlying or Underlying Component  
The Investor in a Product is not entitled to any rights or claim to the Underlying or Underlying Component 
aside from those described in the General Terms and Conditions. Unless in the cases specifically provided

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
 
for, physical delivery of the Underlying or Underlying Component is excluded and Investor’s interests are 
settled in fiat currency in the event of a redemption. Even in the cases where redemption in-kind is possible, 
Investors are not entitled to any Underlying, but rather they have a right to receive such number of crypto 
assets of the same type as the Underlying to satisfy their claim in the amount of the relevant Redemption 
Amount. 
8. 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR PRODUCTS RELATED TO ANY UNDERLYING OR BASKET OF 
UNDERLYINGS 
8.1  
Adjustments 
The Issuer shall, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with established market 
practice and without the consent of Investors, determine whether or not at any time a potential adjustment 
event has occurred. An adjustment event is an event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying or Underlying Component (the Potential Adjustment Event).  
Where it determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred, the Issuer will, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in accordance with established market practice determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying 
or Underlying Component and, if so, will make such adjustment as it considers appropriate in its duly 
exercised discretion and in accordance with established market practice. Such adjustment could be made 
to the Redemption Amount, the relevant Underlying or Underlying Component, the number of Underlyings 
to which each Product relates, the number of Underlyings or Underlying Component comprised in a Basket, 
and/or any other adjustment and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the redemption, settlement, or 
payment terms of the relevant Products as the Issuer determines, in its duly exercised discretion but in 
accordance with established market practice, to be appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect. The Issuer shall further determine, in its duly exercised discretion and in accordance with established 
market practice, the effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
8.2 
Fork Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Fork, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, will determine whether or not to participate 
in the Fork, in accordance with the Issuer’s Fork Policy at the relevant time. If the Issuer determines to 
participate in the Fork, then any value received from the newly-forked asset will form part of the Collateral 
(in such form as is determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion). If the Issuer determines not to participate 
in the Fork, then the Investors will not be entitled to receive any value from the newly-forked asset. The 
Issuer is not obliged to assess every Fork or event resulting in a Fork or to notify the Investor of the Product 
of any Fork or event resulting in a Fork. 
8.3 
Discontinuation of Trading on Relevant Underlying Exchange 
If the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with established market 
practice, upon the announcement of the Relevant Underlying Exchange that pursuant to the rules of such 
Relevant Underlying Exchange, the relevant Underlying or Underlying Component ceases (or will cease) to 
be traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason and is not immediately re-traded or re-quoted 
on an exchange or quotation system, then the Issuer may determine, in its duly exercised discretion and in 
accordance with established market practice, that the relevant Products shall be terminated and the Product 
shall pay an amount which the Product Calculation Agent, in its duly exercised discretion and in accordance 
with established market practice, determines is the fair market value. Alternatively, the Issuer is entitled to

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
 
continue the affected Products with a new underlying (Successor Underlying). The Issuer shall determine 
the Successor Underlying in its duly exercised discretion and in accordance with established market practice 
for the type of Underlyings. 
8.4 
Airdrop  
If the Underlying is an Index, any additional Crypto Assets obtained through an Airdrop will be kept until the 
subsequent re-balancing of the Index, at which point the allocations required by the Index would be met 
once more, which may require a sale of the new assets acquired through the Airdrop. Any proceeds of such 
sale, or Crypto Asset held following an Airdrop, will form part of the Collateral. 
If the Underlying consists of a single Crypto Asset, the airdropped assets will form part of the Collateral.  
8.5 
Other Events 
In the case of events other than those described in this Condition 8, which in the sole opinion of the Issuer 
have an effect equivalent to that of such events, the rules described in this Condition 8 shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. 
8.6 
Notices of Adjustment 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with Condition 16 of any change to the terms 
and conditions of the Products in accordance with this Condition 8. For the avoidance of doubt, the consent 
of the Investors shall not be required to make any of the changes to the Products set out in this Condition 8. 
9 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR PRODUCTS RELATED TO AN INDEX  
This Condition 9 is applicable in relation to Products related to an Index. 
9.1 
Modification of calculation or replacement of an Index 
In the event that the Index Calculation Agent or the Successor Index Calculation Agent, if any, substantially 
modifies the formula or method of calculation of an Index or in any other way materially modifies an Index 
in the event of, among others, changes in constituent Underlying Components or their capitalisation, or in 
the event that the Index Calculation Agent, the Successor Index Calculation Agent, if any, replaces an Index 
by a new index to be substituted to that Index, the Issuer may (without the consent of the Investors): 
(i) 
either (subject to a favourable opinion of an independent expert nominated by the Product Calculation 
Agent (if appointed) replace that Index by the Index so modified or by the substitute index (if any), 
multiplied, if need be, by a linking coefficient ensuring continuity in the evolution of the underlying 
index. In such event, the modified Index or the substitute index, and (if necessary) the linking 
coefficient and the opinion of the independent expert, will be notified to the Investors in accordance 
with Condition 16 within ten (10) Business Days following the date of modification or substitution of 
that Index; or 
(ii) 
apply the provisions of Condition 9.2.

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
 
9.2 
Cessation of calculation of an Index 
In the case of Products related to an Index, if for any reason, on or prior to any Final Fixing Date the Index 
Calculation Agent or the Successor Index Calculation Agent should cease permanently to calculate and/or 
announce the level of the Index and does not provide for a substitute index, or such substitute index cannot 
replace that Index, for any reason, then the Issuer shall terminate and redeem the Products and pay to each 
Investor in respect of the Products held by it an amount representing the fair market value of such Products 
(the Fair Market Value). The Fair Market Value will be determined by the Product Calculation Agent, in its 
duly exercised discretion and in accordance with established market practice. No other amount shall be due 
to the Investors by the Issuer upon redemption of the Products.  
The Fair Market Value so determined will be notified to the Investors in accordance with Condition 16 within 
seven Business Days following the date of determination of the Fair Market Value. 
The amount representing the Fair Market Value will be paid to the Investors as soon as practicable within 
ten Business Days following the date of determination of the Fair Market Value. 
9.3 
Other Events 
In the case of events other than those described in this Condition 9, which in the sole opinion of the Issuer 
have an effect equivalent to that of such events, the rules described in this Condition 9 shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. 
10. 
POSTPONEMENT OF FINAL FIXING DATE OR OBSERVATION DATE ON THE 
OCCURRENCE OF A FOREIGN EXCHANGE DISRUPTION EVENT 
If the Product Calculation Agent determines that on a Final Fixing Date or an Observation Date an FX Disruption 
Event has occurred and is continuing, the date for determination of the FX Rate (as defined below) shall be 
postponed until the first Business Day on which such FX Disruption Event ceases to exist (the FX Establishment 
Date). The Final Fixing Date or the Observation Date in respect of the Products shall be postponed to the Business 
Day which falls on the same number of Business Days after the FX Establishment Date as the Final Fixing Date 
or the Observation Date, as applicable, was originally scheduled to be after the Final Fixing Date or the 
Observation Date, as applicable (the Postponed Final Fixing Date or the Postponed Observation Date). 
If an FX Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the Postponed Final Fixing Date or Postponed 
Observation Date (including any Final Fixing Date or Observation Date postponed due to a prior FX Disruption 
Event), then the Postponed Final Fixing Date or Postponed Observation Date, as applicable, shall be further 
postponed until the first Business Day following the date on which such FX Disruption Event ceases to exist, or to 
a date as reasonably determined by the Product Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, if an FX Disruption 
Event coincides with a Market Disruption Event, as the case may be, the provisions of this Condition 10 shall take 
effect only after such postponements or adjustments have been made as a result of such Market Disruption Event 
in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions and, notwithstanding the respective provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer’s payment obligation of the Redemption Amount shall continue to be 
postponed in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 10. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10, FX Disruption Event means the occurrence of an event that makes it 
impossible through legal channels for the Issuer or its affiliates to either: 
(i) 
convert the Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency; or

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
 
(ii) 
deliver the Settlement Currency from accounts within the Relevant Country to accounts outside such 
jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
deliver the Relevant Currency between accounts within the Relevant Country to a person that is a non-
resident of that jurisdiction. 
FX Rate means, the exchange rate (determined by the Product Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) for the sale of the Relevant Currency for the Settlement Currency on the Final 
Fixing Date or the Observation Date or other date on which such exchange rate falls to be determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 10 expressed as a number of units of Relevant Currency per 
unit of the Settlement Currency. 
In the event that a Settlement Currency used in connection with the FX Rate (as defined above) or in any other 
context is replaced by another Settlement Currency in its function as legal tender in the country or jurisdiction, 
or countries or jurisdictions, by the authority, institution or other body which issues such Settlement Currency, by 
another currency or is merged with another currency to become a common currency, the affected Settlement 
Currency shall be replaced for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions and the respective Final 
Terms by such replacing or merged currency, if applicable after appropriate adjustments have been made, (the 
Successor Currency). The Successor Currency and the date of its first application shall be determined by the 
Issuer in its duly exercised discretion and will be notified to the Investors in accordance with Condition 16. 
11. 
TERMINATION AND CANCELLATION DUE TO ILLIQUIDITY, ILLEGALITY, IMPOSSIBILITY 
OR INCREASED COST OF COLLATERALISATION  
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate and redeem the outstanding Products in any Series: 
(i)  
if the Product Calculation Agent has determined that the Underlying of the relevant Products has 
permanently ceased to be liquid; 
(ii)  
if compliance by the Issuer with the obligations under the Products or any transaction in respect of an 
Underlying of the relevant Products has become unlawful or impossible in whole or in part, in particular as 
a result of compliance by the Issuer with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, 
order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power or 
controlling authority or of the relevant competent market authorities (a Regulatory Call); or  
(iii)  
due to Increased Cost of Collateralisation in case of collateralised Products. 
Increased Cost of Collateralisation means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee, or other cost to acquire, hold, 
substitute or maintain transaction(s) or asset(s) the necessary or deemed necessary by the Issuer in order to 
collateralise the relevant Products. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer may terminate and redeem the Products by providing notice to Investors in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
If the Issuer terminates and redeems the Products in accordance with this Condition 11, the Issuer will, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Investor in respect of the Products, determined by the 
Issuer in its duly exercised discretion and in accordance with established market practice, as representing the Fair 
Market Value of such Products upon redemption (notwithstanding any illegality or impossibility). Payment will be

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
 
made within a reasonable time in such manner as shall be notified to the Investors within a period of not less than 
ten (10) and not more than thirty (30) Business Days in accordance with Condition 16.  
In addition, the Issuer has the right to terminate and redeem any outstanding Products in a Series in whole, but 
not in part, on any date that is 30 calendar days after the Issue Date (and, where there is more than one Tranche 
of Products in any Series, such Issue Date being the Issue Date of the first Tranche issued in that Series), unless 
the Products are subject to a Regulatory Call as set out above, if there is no outstanding position of the relevant 
Product in the market, as determined by the Issuer. The Issuer shall as soon as possible notify the Investors of 
such redemption in accordance with Condition 16. 
12. 
TAXATION/TAX CALL 
Each Investor shall assume and be responsible for any and all taxes, duties, fees and charges imposed on or 
levied against (or which could be imposed on or levied against) such Investor in any jurisdiction or by any 
governmental or regulatory authority. 
The Issuer and the Global Paying Agent shall have the right, but not the duty, to withhold or deduct from any 
amounts otherwise payable to the Investor such amount as is necessary for the payment of such taxes, duties, 
fees and/or charges. 
Investors shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for any amount so withheld or deducted. 
If any governmental or regulatory authority imposes on the Issuer the obligation to pay any such taxes, duties, 
fees and/or charges, the Investor shall promptly reimburse the Issuer. 
The Issuer may terminate and redeem all outstanding Products in any Series in the event that any present or 
future taxes, duties or governmental charges would be imposed by any jurisdiction in which the Issuer is or 
becomes subject to tax as a result of any change in laws or regulations of the relevant jurisdiction (Tax Call). The 
Issuer shall as soon as possible notify the Investors of such redemption in accordance with Condition 16. For 
purposes of this Condition 12, the Issuer shall determine such Redemption Amount in its sole discretion at the Fair 
Market Value. The amount representing the Fair Market Value will be paid to the Investors as soon as possible 
following the date of determination of the Fair Market Value. 
13. 
TRADING OF THE PRODUCTS 
The Minimum Trading Lot (or an integral multiple thereof) of Products for trading of such Products, if any, will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
14. 
AGENTS 
14.1 Paying Agents  
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the order/mandate of the Global Paying Agent 
and to appoint another paying agent provided that (i) if Products are outstanding, it will maintain a paying 
agent, and (ii) as long as the Products are listed on SIX, it will maintain a Swiss Paying Agent for listing 
purposes only. The Swiss Paying Agent will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
 
Each of Global Paying Agent and any other paying agent appointed in respect of a particular Series of 
Products (together with the Global Paying Agent, the Paying Agents), is acting solely as agent of the Issuer 
and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the 
Investors. 
Any determinations, decisions and calculations by the Paying Agents shall (save in the case of manifest 
error or wilful misconduct) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Investors. 
The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying Agents. It shall give notice to 
the Investors in accordance with Condition 16 of any modification in the appointment of the Paying Agents. 
Notice of any such termination of appointment or new appointment and of any change in the specified office 
of a paying agent will be given to the Investors in accordance with Condition 16. 
14.2 Product Calculation Agent 
The Product Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms.  
The Product Calculation Agent does not act as agent for the Investors and does not assume any obligation 
or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Investors. 
All calculations, decisions and determinations made by the Product Calculation Agent shall (save in the 
case of manifest error or wilful misconduct) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Investors. 
The Product Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party, as it deems appropriate. 
The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Product Calculation Agent. It shall give 
notice to the Investors in accordance with Condition 16 of any modification in the appointment of the Product 
Calculation Agent. 
14.3 Collateral Agent 
By investing in the Product(s), each Investor is deemed to agree and acknowledge that the Issuer shall 
appoint the Collateral Agent (or its successors) to act on behalf of the Investors as set out in, and in 
accordance with, the terms and conditions set out in the Collateral Agent Agreement and the Security 
Documents. 
The Collateral Agent may, in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement, delegate 
any of its obligations and functions to a third party, as it deems appropriate. 
The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Collateral Agent in accordance with 
the provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement. It shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with 
Condition 16 of any modification in the appointment of the Collateral Agent. 
Pursuant to the Collateral Agent Agreement, the Collateral Agent is entitled to be indemnified and relieved 
from responsibility in certain circumstances and to be paid or reimbursed any liabilities incurred by it in 
priority to the claims of the Investors (save in relation to any responsibility arising out of or liabilities incurred 
as a result of its own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence). In addition, the Collateral Agent is entitled 
to enter into business transactions with the Issuer without accounting for any profit.

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
 
The Collateral Agent will not be responsible for any loss, expense or liability which may be suffered as a 
result of any assets comprised in the Issuer Security or any documents of title thereto being uninsured or 
inadequately insured. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for monitoring the compliance of any of 
the other parties to the Transaction Documents with their obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
The Collateral Agent shall not be required or obliged to take any action, step or proceeding whether in 
relation to the enforcement of the Issuer Security or otherwise without first being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible or liable for monitoring or ascertaining whether or not an Event 
of Default or Insolvency Event or Extraordinary Event has occurred or exists. Unless and until it has received 
written notice to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to assume (without any liability to any 
person) that no Event of Default or Insolvency Event or Extraordinary Event has occurred or exists.  
The Collateral Agent is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the 
assets comprised in the Issuer Security (or any of them).  
14.4 Liability 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement, none of the Issuer, the Product 
Calculation Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility to the extent 
permitted by law for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any amount or with respect to any other 
determination or decisions required to be made by it under these General Terms and Conditions or with 
respect to any Products, irrespective of whether the agents act in the interest of the Issuer or the Investor. 
15. 
PURCHASE BY THE ISSUER 
The Issuer, and/or any of its affiliates may at any time purchase Products of any issue at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Products may, at the option of the Issuer, and/or, as the case may be, the 
relevant affiliate, be held, resold or cancelled or otherwise dealt with. 
16. 
NOTICES 
Notices to Investors relating to Products listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be published in accordance 
with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange, as in force, on the SIX Swiss Exchange website  
www.six-swiss-exchange.com/news/official_notices, on the Issuer’s website https://21shares.com/ir/notices 
or, in any other form as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Notices to Investors relating to Products listed on a securities exchange or trading venue other than the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be published in accordance with the regulations of the relevant securities exchange or 
trading venue. 
Notices to Investors of non-listed Products may be published, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
newspapers, on a website or otherwise.

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
 
17. 
LIABILITY FOR LOSSES 
None of the Issuer, the Collateral Agent or any other obligor under any Products shall be liable for fraud, 
theft, cyber-attacks and/or any analogous or similar event (each, an Extraordinary Event). Accordingly, 
upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event with respect to, or affecting any, Underlying or Underlying 
Component, including any Underlying or Underlying Component that serves as Collateral, the Issuer shall 
give notice to Investors in accordance with Condition 16 and to the Collateral Agent and the Redemption 
Amount for such Products shall be reduced to account for such Extraordinary Event and may be as low as 
zero, as determined by the Product Calculation Agent (if appointed) and where no Product Calculation Agent 
is appointed, the Issuer. 
In no event shall the Issuer or the Collateral Agent have any liability for indirect, incidental, consequential or 
other damages (even if it was advised of the possibility of such damages) other than (in the case of the 
Issuer only) interest until the date of payment on sums not paid when due in respect of any Products. 
Investors are entitled to damages only and are not entitled to the remedy of specific performance in respect 
of a Product. 
18. 
SEVERANCE AND MODIFICATION OF THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE 
FINAL TERMS 
In the event any Condition or item in the relevant Final Terms is or becomes invalid, the validity of the 
remaining Conditions and items in the relevant Final Terms shall not be affected. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to amend without the consent of the Investors any Condition or item in the 
relevant Final Terms for the purpose of (i) correcting a manifest error, or (ii) clarifying any uncertainty, or (iii) 
correcting or supplementing the provisions herein in such manner as the Issuer deems necessary or 
desirable, provided that, in the Issuer’s sole opinion, the Investors would not incur significant financial loss 
as a consequence thereof 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall at all times be entitled to amend any Condition or item in the relevant Final 
Terms where, and to the extent that the amendment is necessitated as a consequence of legislation, 
decisions by courts of law, or decisions taken by governmental authorities. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty without the consent of the Investors to create and issue further Products 
(provided that the Underlying or Underlying Components are also increased by a corresponding amount) 
either having the same terms and conditions as the Products in all respects (or in all respects save for their 
Issue Date and Issue Price) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Products of any Series or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at any time of 
their issue. References in these General Terms and Conditions to the Products include (unless the context 
requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single Series with 
existing Products or a separate Series.

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
 
20. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND INSOLVENCY EVENT 
20.1 Event of Default 
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount due in respect of a Series of Products when due and such failure 
continues for a period of 10 Swiss business days (an Event of Default), then Investors holding at least 25% 
of the outstanding Products in the relevant Series may, by notice in writing to the Issuer (at its registered 
office) and the Collateral Agent (at its specified office) (with a copy to the Administrator), declare all the 
Products in such Series to be, and whereupon they shall become, immediately redeemable without further 
action or formality. Such redemption shall be effected by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 21 and 
otherwise in accordance with Condition 5. 
20.2 Insolvency Event 
Upon the Issuer being declared bankrupt within the meaning of article 736 No. 3 of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations and the DEBA by a competent court (an Insolvency Event), all the Products shall become 
immediately redeemable without further action or formality in accordance with Condition 21 and otherwise 
in accordance with Condition 5. 
The Issuer will notify the Collateral Agent promptly upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event.  
21. 
ENFORCEMENT AND POST-ENFORCEMENT PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
21.1 Enforcement 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or Insolvency Event, the Collateral Agent shall, subject 
to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction: (i) in the case of an Event of 
Default, if so instructed in writing by Investors representing not less than 25% of Products in the 
relevant Series (which instruction can be combined with the notice in Condition 20.1 and the 
instruction in Condition 21.1(b)); or (ii) in the case of an Insolvency Event, if so instructed by any 
Investor in writing which instruction can be combined with the instruction in Condition 21.1(b)), serve 
an Enforcement Notice on the Issuer and subject as provided in the Collateral Agent Agreement, at 
any time and without notice, institute such proceedings and/or take such action, step or proceedings 
as it may think fit against, or in relation to, the Issuer or any other person to enforce its rights under 
any of the Transaction Documents. 
(b) 
Subject to the provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement, the ACA, the Pledge of Collateral 
Account Agreement and the Additional Pledges, at any time after the Issuer Security has become 
enforceable, the Collateral Agent shall, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction, if so instructed by Investors representing not less than 25% of Products in the 
relevant Series following an Event of Default or any Investor following an Insolvency Event, in writing, 
without notice, take such steps, actions or proceedings as it may think fit to enforce such Issuer 
Security. 
(c) 
No Investor shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or any other party to the Product 
Documentation in respect of the Products unless such Investor has first sought enforcement of the 
Issuer Security in accordance with the Collateral Agent Agreement.

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
 
21.2 Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Upon the enforcement of the Issuer Security by the Collateral Agent, all monies received and all money 
derived therefrom (Issuer Security Enforcement Proceeds) shall be applied by or on behalf of the 
Collateral Agent in accordance as follows: 
1. Firstly, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid or payable to the Collateral 
Agent and any Appointee; 
2. Secondly, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid to 
the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity and the Custodian (as further set out in the Collateral Agent 
Agreement); 
3. Thirdly, in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and 
unpaid and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect of the relevant Products; 
and 
4. Fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in respect 
of, any queries as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with between the Issuer and 
any such person), 
(the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments).  
22.  ISSUER’S COVENANT TO PAY 
The Issuer covenants with and undertakes to the Investors, and also for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, 
that it shall duly, unconditionally and punctually pay and discharge all moneys and liabilities whatsoever 
which from time-to-time become due, owing or payable by the Issuer: (a) under or in respect of the Products; 
and (b) under or in respect of the Issuer Security.  
23. 
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS 
Save for any monies received in connection with the realisation or enforcement of all or part of the Issuer 
Security, all monies received by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation to any Redemption in accordance with 
Condition 5 will be paid in the following order of priority: 
1. 
Firstly, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid or payable to the Collateral 
Agent;  
2. 
Secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid to the Paying Agents; 
3. 
Thirdly, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid to 
the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity and the Custodian (as further set out in the Collateral Agent 
Agreement); 
4. 
Fourthly, in payment of any Redemption Amounts due and unpaid owing to the Investors;

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
 
5. 
Fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in respect of, 
any queries as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with between the Issuer and any 
such person), 
(the Priority of Payments). 
24. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment of a Redemption Amount in respect of the Products and/or for delivery of Crypto Asset 
Collateral and, where applicable, of Commodity Asset Collateral in the case of a redemption pursuant to 
Condition 5.4 shall be barred by the statute of limitations in accordance with the laws of Switzerland, unless 
made within ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. 
25. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Investors, substitute for itself as obligor under the 
Products any affiliate, subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer (the New Issuer), provided that the New 
Issuer shall assume all obligations that the Issuer owes to the Investors under or in relation to the Products. 
If such substitution occurs, then any reference in the Product Documentation to the Issuer shall be construed 
as a reference to the New Issuer. Any substitution will be promptly notified to the Investors in accordance 
with Condition 16. In connection with any exercise by the Issuer of the right of substitution, the Issuer shall 
not be obliged to carry any consequences suffered by individual Investors as a result of the exercise of such 
right and, accordingly, no Investor shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or repayment 
in respect of any consequence. 
26. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Save for the approval of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme by the SFSA, which allows for a 
public offering of the Products in Sweden, and any notification of the approval to other EEA Member States 
in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a public offer in such 
Member States, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any 
Products or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Products in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. No offers, sales, resales, or deliveries of any Products or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Products may be made in or from any jurisdiction except 
in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
27. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Products are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Switzerland (without 
reference to the principles of conflicts of law rules). 
In relation to any proceedings in respect of the Products, the Issuer submits to the jurisdiction of the courts 
of the City of Zurich, the place of jurisdiction being Zurich 1.

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
 
Notwithstanding the above, and for the avoidance of doubt, certain provisions within each of the Security 
Documents and Collateral Agent Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland or the laws of 
the State of New York or the laws of England or the laws of England and Wales, as stated in each of the 
aforementioned agreements.

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
In this section, the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Products, the information 
necessary to enable Investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Products. In relation to any Products 
which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of 
the necessary information except for information relating to such Products, which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Product. 
Any information relating to any Products, which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Product will be contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of each issue of Products, the related Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Product only, must be 
read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Product are 
the General Terms and Conditions, as completed by the related Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Products has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Products is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); [and] [EITHER1: (ii) all channels for distribution of the Products 
are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] [OR2: (ii) all channels for distribution of the Products to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; [and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Products to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services] [, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Products (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Products (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]3. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a manufacturer or distributor for the purposes of MiFID II.]  
FINAL TERMS DATED [•] 
21Shares AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
LEI: 254900UWHMJRRODS3Z64 
Issue of 
[number] Products (the Products) 
pursuant to the Issuer’s 
Exchange Traded Products Programme 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Products described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that 
any offer of Products in any Member State of the EEA which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, 
a Relevant Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as 
 
1  
Include for Products that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the ESMA Guidelines). 
2  
Include for Products that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and 
appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Products constitute “complex” products, pure execution services to 
retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) 
of MiFID II. 
3  
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
 
implemented in that Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the 
Prospectus. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of the 
Products may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Authorised Participant 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any 
Authorised Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of the Products in any other 
circumstances.]4  
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Products in any Member State of the EEA which 
has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a Relevant Member State) will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Relevant Member state, from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of the Products. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of 
the Products may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in those Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in the following paragraph, provided such person is [one 
of the persons mentioned in the following paragraph] and that such offer is made during the Offer Period 
specified for such purpose therein. 
An offer of the Products may be made by the Issuer or by the Authorised Offerors specified in Part B of these Final 
Terms other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [•] (Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions) 
during the period from [specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as “the Issue Date” or “the date which 
falls [•] Business Days thereafter”] (the Offer Period). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Products in any other circumstances.]5 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Products (the Conditions) issued by 21Shares AG (the Issuer) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
13 December 2022[, as supplemented by the Supplements thereto dated [date]] (the Base Prospectus), which 
together constitute[s] a base prospectus for purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation).This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Products described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8(5) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
(and any supplement thereto). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Products is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (together with any 
supplement thereto) is available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://21shares.com/ir#prospectus) by selecting Base Prospectus. The Final Terms will be available for viewing 
at the registered office of the Issuer and on the website of the Issuer (https://21shares.com/ir#final-terms) by 
selecting Base Prospectus and then Final Terms and the respective Security Code. 
 
4  
Include this legend for an exempt offer of Products. 
5  
Include this legend for a Non-Exempt Offer.

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
 
[The Base Prospectus, together with the Final Terms, constitutes the listing prospectus with respect to the Products 
described herein for the purposes of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange.] [In accordance with article 58a 
of the Listing Rules of SIX, the Issuer has appointed Homburger AG, located at Prime Tower, Hardstrasse 201, 
8005 Zurich, Switzerland, as recognised representative to file the listing application with SIX.] 
(i) 
Issue Date 
[•] 
(ii) 
Series 
[•] 
(iii) 
Tranche 
[•] 
(iv) 
Date on which 
Products become 
fungible 
[Not Applicable / The Products shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with the existing tranches on the [Issue Date] / [Insert date]]. 
(v) 
Aggregate Number of 
Products represented 
by this Tranche 
[•] / [Up to [•]]] 
(vi) 
Issue Price 
The initial Crypto Asset Collateral and/or Commodity Asset Collateral is 
composed of the following Crypto Assets and/or Commodity 
Assets per Product: [to be inserted].  
The Issue Price is subject to any applicable fees and commissions of 
the person offering the Product. 
Underlying 
[•] [Basket] [Index] 
[Relevant Underlying Exchange: [•]] 
[Relevant Currency: [•]] 
Information regarding past performance, further performance and 
volatility of the Underlying is available, free of charge, at [•] 
[Basket] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Index] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Index: [21Shares Index] / [•]] 
[Index Sponsor: [•]] 
[Publishing Party: [•]] 
[Index Calculation Agent: [•]] 
[Index Administrator: [MarketVector Indexes GmbH]/[Invierno AB]/[•], 
which is included in the register of administrators pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmark Regulation (EU 2016/1011). [Information about the 
index can be obtained at [●].]

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
 
[Underlying Component] 
[[•] | Weight: [•] | Relevant Underlying Exchange: [•] | Relevant 
Currency: [•]] 
[[•] | Weight: [•] | Relevant Underlying Exchange: [•] | Relevant 
Currency: [•]] 
[[•] | Weight: [•] | Relevant Underlying Exchange: [•] | Relevant 
Currency: [•]] 
[[•] | Weight: [•] | Relevant Underlying Exchange: [•] | Relevant 
Currency: [•]] 
[Not Applicable] 
Redemption Amount 
The Redemption amount is calculated as follows: 
[insert for long exposure Products: 
𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹𝑹 𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝑨𝒕𝒕= ෍
𝒏𝒏
𝒊𝒊=𝟏𝟏
𝒑𝒑𝒊𝒊∗𝒒𝒒𝒊𝒊 −𝒓𝒓𝒓𝒓 
Where (for each Crypto Asset Collateral [and Commodity Asset 
Collateral] (i)): 
n = [number of underlying]/[●], 
pi = price of asset sold (USD), 
qi = amount sold, 
rf = redemption fee equal to [$150]/[●] plus [4]/[●] bps of redemption 
amount per redemption order ] 
 
[insert for short exposure Products: 
AIP + VoS – F - rf 
Where: 
AIP = aggregate Issue Price of all Products credited to the Collateral 
Account in USD 
VoS = value of the short position in the relevant Crypto Asset(s) 
F = means the aggregate amount of investor fees and Borrowing Costs  
rf = redemption fee equal to [$150]/[●] plus [4]/[●] bps of redemption 
amount per redemption order

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
 
and where 
Borrowing Costs means the borrowing costs incurred over time 
associated with managing short positions and which costs will typically 
range between [●]% to [●]% and which costs will be subject to a 
maximum of [●]%, in each case of the aggregate short position. The 
Borrowing Costs will be published daily on the Issuer website on a 
weighted-average basis. ] 
 
The Redemption Amount may also be subject to additional fees related 
to the transfer of fiat assets.  
The Redemption Amount per Product shall not be less than the smallest 
denomination of the Settlement Currency (i.e., U.S.$0.01, €0.01, CHF 
0.01, £0.01 or the equivalent in other Settlement Currencies). 
Redemptions by Authorised Participants pursuant to Condition 5.3 
(Redemption at the Option of an Authorised Participant) shall be settled 
on an in-kind basis unless the Issuer permits such redemption to be 
settled in accordance with Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement). The 
calculation of the Redemption Amount may fluctuate as a result of 
tracking errors relating to the Underlyings, as described in the section 
headed “Risk Factors” set out in the Base Prospectus. 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
Investor fee of [•]% of the aggregate value of the Crypto Asset Collateral 
annually. Fee will be calculated on a daily basis at 17:00 CET/CEST (the 
closing time of the SIX Swiss Exchange). Fees related to the Product will 
be collected in-kind. [Where lending arrangements are applicable, 
include: [25]/[●]% arranger fee payable on lending agreements used to 
generate additional income for [insert relevant underlying] payable to the 
issuer at the time of payment.] [Where staking arrangements are 
applicable, include: [25]/[●]% total commission payable on the earned 
staking rewards, if any, will be allocated collectively to the [Custodian 
and] the Issuer.] [For short exposure products, include: The calculation 
of the Redemption Amount also includes a cost component for relating 
to Borrowing Costs, please see preceding section.] 
Investor Put Date 
[•] in each year 
[Final Fixing Date] 
[•] 
[Initial Fixing Date] 
[•] 
Product Calculation Agent 
[Name: [•] 
Address: [•]]

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
Name: [•] 
Address: [•] 
Index Calculation Agent: 
Name: [•] 
Address: [•] 
Administrator: 
Name: [•] 
Description: [•] 
Swiss Paying Agent 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
[Additional Paying Agent] 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
[Cash Settlement] 
[•] 
Settlement Currency 
[USD] / [EUR] / [other] 
Exchange 
[details of respective Exchange] [] 
[Exchange Business Day] 
[As indicated in General Terms and Conditions] / [Other] 
Market Maker 
[•] 
Authorised Participant 
[•] 
Custodian 
[•] 
Minimum Investment Amount 
[Not Applicable] / [•] 
Minimum Trading Lot 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[USD] [EUR] [CHF] [GBP] [•] 
Representative 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange, the Issuer has appointed [•], located at [•], as recognised 
representative to lodge the listing application with the SIX Exchange 
Regulation of the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
(vii) 
Responsibility 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these 
Final Terms. 
(viii) 
[Third Party 
Information] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [•]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information

--- Page 70 ---
68 
 
 
published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
(ix) 
Date of Board of 
Directors approval of 
issuance  
[•] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: _______________________________________ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
(x) 
Listing and admission 
to trading 
[Application has been made for the Products to which these Final 
Terms apply to be admitted to [the SIX Swiss Exchange] [the 
Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General 
Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse)] [and] [the Official Market of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange] [the multilateral trading facility of [●]] [and] [other]. The first 
trading date is expected to be [●].] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
[Notification] 
[The Finansinspektionen (the SFSA) of Sweden has provided the 
competent authorities of [Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, 
Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, 
Portugal, Romania, Slovakia[,] [and] Spain / [and] / [name(s) of relevant 
EEA host Member State(s)] with a certificate of approval attesting that 
the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.]6 
(xii) 
Interests of natural and 
legal persons involved 
in the issue 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Products has an interest material to the offer] / [give details] 
(xiii) 
ECB eligibility 
The Product are [not] expected to be ECB eligible. 
(xiv) 
[Distribution] 
[Not Applicable] / [An offer of the Products may be made by the 
Authorised Offerors other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant Member State(s) to which 
the Base Prospectus and any supplements have been passported] 
(Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s]) during the Offer Period. See 
further “Terms and Conditions of the Offer” below.]7 
(xv) 
Additional Selling 
Restrictions 
[Not Applicable] [specify] 
ISIN and other Security Codes 
[•] 
Names and Addresses of 
Clearing Systems 
[SIX SIS AG, [specify address]] / [give details of additional or 
alternative clearing system(s)] 
(xvi) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[As stated in the Base Prospectus.]/[If other, specify]. 
 
6  
Only applicable if the approval of the Base Prospectus has been notified by the SFSA to the competent authorities of 
another EEA Member State; otherwise, this section can be deleted. 
7 
Only applicable to Non-Exempt Offers; otherwise, this section can be deleted.

--- Page 72 ---
70 
 
 
(xvii) 
Estimated total 
expenses of the 
issue/offer and the 
estimated net amount 
of the proceeds: 
[Not Applicable] / [The total expenses of the [issue]/[offer] is estimated 
to amount to [●]. The estimated net amount of the proceeds is 
estimated to amount to [●].] 
(xviii) 
Date of authorisation: 
[specify] 
(xix) 
Terms and Conditions 
of the Offer 
[Products are made available by the Issuer for subscription only to 
Authorised Participants] 
(xx) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/ [specify] 
(xxi) 
Conditions to which the 
offer is subject: 
[Offers of the Products are conditional upon their issue and, as 
between the Authorised Offeror(s) and their customers, any further 
conditions as may be agreed between them] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxii) 
Description of the 
application process: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxiii) 
Description of the 
possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and 
manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by 
applicants 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxiv) 
Details of the minimum 
and/or maximum 
amount of application 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxv) 
Details of the method 
and time limited for 
paying up and delivery 
of the Products 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxvi) 
Manner in and date on 
which results of the 
offer are made 
available to the public 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxvii) Procedure for exercise 
of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability 
of subscription rights 
and treatment of 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]

--- Page 73 ---
71 
 
 
subscription rights not 
exercised 
(xxviii) Whether tranche(s) 
have been reserved for 
certain countries 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxix) 
Process for notification 
to applicants of the 
amount allotted and 
the indication whether 
dealing may begin 
before notification is 
made 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxx) 
Name(s) and 
address(es), to the 
extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries 
where the offer takes 
place 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(xxxi) 
Name and address of 
financial 
intermediary/ies 
authorised to use the 
Base Prospectus, as 
completed by these 
Final Terms (the 
Authorised Offerors) 
[•] [and] [each Authorised Participant expressly named as an Authorised 
Offeror on the Issuer’s website ([insert Issuer’s web address]).

--- Page 74 ---
72 
 
 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue specific summary of the Products as per Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation to be inserted if Products 
are to be publicly offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of the EEA]

--- Page 75 ---
73 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PARTIES AND THE STRUCTURE 
Structure of the Programme  
 
Principal Parties 
A description of the functions of the principal parties in the structure set out above appears below:  
● 
Authorised Participant: Only an Authorised Participant may initiate the creation or redemption of Products 
directly from the Issuer, other than in the limited circumstances otherwise described herein. Authorised 
Participants will transfer funds directly to the Custodian. These trades will then internally settle on an in-kind 
basis, cash basis or otherwise, as described in “The Authorised Participant’s Role—Settlement Process”. 
● 
Custodian: The Issuer has entered into a custodial services agreement with Coinbase Custody Trust 
Company, LLC and Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG who manage and store underlying Crypto Assets.  
In respect of the Commodity Assets the Issuer has entered into the Allocated Account Agreement and the 
Unallocated Account Agreement, pursuant to which JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. acts as custodian of the 
Commodity Assets.  
● 
Authorised Exchange: Products will generally be backed by corresponding Crypto Assets, or, where 
applicable, Commodity Assets (please refer to “Collateral & Summary of Security Arrangements”. These

--- Page 76 ---
74 
 
 
assets will be purchased via an Authorised Exchange. The Custodian will transact directly with these 
exchanges without the involvement of the Issuer.  
● 
Administrators and Product Calculation Agents: Pursuant to the Administration Agreements, the 
Administrators and Product Calculation Agents will: (i) supply, or arrange the supply of, all management and 
administration services for the Issuer, (ii) as Administrators, be responsible, inter alia, for Authorised 
Participant administration, general administration and fee calculation among other responsibilities,.(iii) and as 
Product Calculation Agents, be responsible for making certain determinations and calculations in accordance 
with the General Terms and Conditions of the Products, such as whether there has been a Market Disruption 
Event, the determination of the Redemption Amount and, in respect of redemption by an Authorised 
Participant in accordance with Condition 5.3, the determination of the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where 
applicable, Commodity Asset Collateral required to be delivered. The Final Terms for each Trance of Products 
will specify the details of the relevant Administrator and Product Calculation Agent. 
● 
Collateral Agent: The Issuer has entered into a Collateral Agent Agreement with the Collateral Agent, which 
sets out the terms on which The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. will act as Collateral Agent in relation 
to the secured assets under the Programme. See “—Principal Transaction Documents—Collateral Agent 
Agreement” and “Collateral & Summary of Security Arrangements”.  
● 
Paying Agents: The Issuer has entered into a Paying Agency Agreement with the Global Paying Agent. The 
Global Paying Agent (and any other paying agent appointed in respect to a particular Series of Products) will 
be responsible for making payments in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions of the Products. 
Details of the Swiss Paying Agent and any other additional paying agent appointed in respect of a particular 
Series of Products shall be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
● 
Calculation Agent: The Final Terms for each Tranche of Products will specify the details of the Calculation 
Agent. The Product Calculation Agent will create portfolio composition files in respect of the Products (the 
PCF) and/or disseminates Indicative Optimized Portfolio Values in respect of the Products (the IOPV values).  
● 
Index Calculation Agent: The role of the calculation agent includes, inter alia, the calculation of the value of 
the index and publishing this information in accordance with Swiss and EU requirements. The Index 
Calculation Agent will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of the Authorised Participants, the Custodian, the Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Global Paying 
Agent and third parties are not related to the issuer. The Index Calculation Agent acting in respect of the 21Shares 
Index and any Index Calculation Agent acting in respect of another applicable Index that serves as an Underlying 
of any Product, is also a third party that is not related to the Issuer. 
Principal Transaction Documents 
The following are summaries of certain provisions of the principal agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation 
to the Programme, which are qualified in their entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each such 
agreement. The following summaries do not purport to be complete, and prospective Investors must refer to each 
programme agreement for detailed information regarding such agreement. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to such 
terms in the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 77 ---
75 
 
 
Authorised Participant Agreements 
The Issuer entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with each of the Authorised Participants. These 
Authorised Participant Agreements set out the terms on which the Authorised Participants act as Authorised 
Participants in relation to each Series of Products issued by the Issuer under the Programme. The Issuer will enter 
into Authorised Participant Agreements with any other Authorised Participant on substantially the same terms. 
The Authorised Participant Agreements provide that the Issuer has permitted the Authorised Participant to create 
and redeem the Products in accordance with the creation and redemption procedure set out in the Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
The Authorised Participant Agreements set out the conditions for appointment of the Authorised Participant and 
termination of the agreement (by either party to the agreement): (i) after giving two (2) months’ prior written notice; 
or (ii) with immediate effect upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
a) 
if the other party is in material breach of any of its obligations and has failed to remedy such breach 
without undue delay following of receipt of a notification specifying such breach and requiring its remedy; 
b) 
in the event that any representations are or become incorrect in any material respect; 
c) 
in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or analogous events or the commencement of any 
proceedings related to the same; 
d) 
if it has reasonable grounds to believe that the other party will not be able to perform its obligations 
thereunder in any material respect, and the other party has not provided the first party with reasonable 
assurance in writing that it will perform its obligations without undue delay following of notice by the first 
party, 
e) 
if it is subject to any change or effect that is materially adverse to its business, financial condition, assets, 
properties, operations or results of operations of it together with its subsidiaries taken as one enterprise, 
which change or effect would make it unreasonable for a professional market participant to continue 
performance.  
The Authorised Participant Agreements state that the Issuer and the Authorised Participant are liable to each other 
only in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. 
The Authorised Participant Agreement entered into with Jane Street, Lang & Schwarz Tradecenter AG is governed 
by the laws of England and Wales 
The Authorised Participant Agreement entered into with Flow Traders B.V. and Nyenburgh Holding B.V. are 
governed by the laws of The Netherlands. 
The Authorised Participant Agreement entered into with Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP, DRW Europe B.V., Virtu 
Financial Ireland Limited and Bluefin Europe LLP are governed by the laws of Switzerland

--- Page 78 ---
76 
 
 
Custody Agreements 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company LLC 
On or about 15 April 2019, the Issuer entered into a custodial services agreement with Coinbase Custody Trust 
Company, LLC, which is governed by the laws of the State of New York. This custodial services agreement sets 
out the principal terms on which Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC is appointed to act as a Custodian in 
respect of the Products issued under the Programme and sets out the duties and obligations of Coinbase Custody 
Trust Company, LLC in relation to holding all assets that the Issuer delivers to Coinbase Custody Trust Company, 
LLC in a separate account set up for the Issuer. The custodial services agreement set out the conditions for 
appointment of the Custodian and termination of the agreement (by either party to the agreement after giving thirty 
(30) days’ prior written notice to the other party by registered, certified or express mail). The custodial services 
agreement states that the Custodian indemnifies the Issuer for all costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and losses 
which arise directly in connection with any fraud, wilful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence by the Custodian 
in pursuance of the agreement. Furthermore, the Issuer indemnifies the Custodian for any loss, damage, 
reasonable cost or expense, liability or claim of any third party arising directly or indirectly (a) from any action or 
inaction by the Custodian at the request of the Issuer and (b) from the performance of the Custodian of its 
obligations under the agreement.  
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG 
On or about 27 June 2022, the Issuer entered into a custodial services agreement with Copper Technologies 
(Switzerland) AG. This custodial services agreement sets out the principal terms on which Copper Technologies 
(Switzerland) AG is appointed to act as a Custodian in respect of the Products issued under the Programme and 
sets out the duties and obligations of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG in relation to holding all assets that 
the Issuer delivers to Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG in a separate account set up for the Issuer. The 
custodial services agreement set out the conditions for appointment of the Custodian and termination of the 
agreement.  
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
On or about 31 March 2022, the Issuer entered into an Allocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement and into 
an Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement (‘The Agreements’) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.. 
These Agreements set out the principal terms on which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is appointed to act as a 
Custodian for the custody of Commodity Assets.  
 
Bank Frick  
On or about 23 December 2019, the Issuer entered into a custodial service agreement with Bank Frick & Co. AG. 
This custodial services agreement sets out the principal terms on which Bank Frick & Co. AG is appointed to act 
as a Custodian in respect of the Products issued under the Programme and sets out the duties and obligations of 
Bank Frick & Co. AG in relation to holding all assets that the Issuer delivers to Bank Frick & Co. AG in a separate 
account set up for the Issuer. The custodial services agreement set out the conditions for appointment of the 
Custodian and termination of the agreement. 
Collateral Agent Agreement 
On or about 13 November 2018, the Issuer entered into a Collateral Agent Agreement with the Collateral Agent. 
The Collateral Agent Agreement was amended and restated on 15 April 2019, 16 September 2019, 8 January 
2020, 23 July 2020, 06 January 2021 and 31 March 2022. The Collateral Agent Agreement sets out the terms on 
which The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. will act as Collateral Agent in relation to the secured assets 
under the Programme.

--- Page 79 ---
77 
 
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement and Additional Pledges, the Issuer has 
pledged and granted to the Collateral Agent (in favour of the Investors) a security interest and lien in and on all of 
the Issuer’s right, title and interest in and to the Collateral. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agent Agreement: 
(a) 
the Issuer appoints the Collateral Agent to act on behalf of the Investors in accordance with the duties 
and obligations set out in the Collateral Agent Agreement, which shall include, but are not limited to, 
enforcing the rights of the Investors in the Products following the occurrence of an Event of Default or an 
Insolvency Event; 
(b) 
as set out in the General Terms and Conditions of the Products, on the occurrence of an Event of Default 
or Insolvency Event, the Collateral Agent shall: (i) in the case of an Event of Default, if so instructed by 
Investors representing not less than 25% of the Products in the relevant series in writing; or (ii) in the 
case of an Insolvency Event, if so instructed by any Investor in writing, serve an Enforcement Notice on 
the Issuer; 
(c) 
in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions of the Products, upon instruction by the Required 
Threshold of Investors following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event, the Collateral Agent shall, having 
first been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction (subject as otherwise provided 
in the Collateral Agent Agreement), contact the Swiss bankruptcy official or administrator (the Swiss 
Bankruptcy Official); such Swiss Bankruptcy Official may then decide to either: (a) in accordance with 
applicable Swiss law, take such action, step or proceeding as necessary to enforce the rights under any 
of the Transaction Documents; or (b) instruct the Collateral Agent to institute such proceedings and/or 
take such action, step or proceeding as instructed to enforce the rights under any of the Transaction 
Documents; 
(d) 
subject to the other provisions of the Collateral Agent Agreement, the Collateral Agent may institute such 
proceedings and/or take such action, step or proceeding as instructed to enforce the rights under any of 
the Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
the Issuer has to indemnify the Collateral Agent from and against all costs and expenses, damages, 
liabilities and losses which the Collateral Agent may suffer in connection with the Collateral Agent 
Agreement or any Transaction Document, provided that such costs and expenses, damages, liabilities 
and losses do not arise out of the Collateral Agent’s fraud, gross negligence or wilful default. 
The Collateral Agent Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales, with certain provisions of the 
Collateral Agent Agreement being governed by the laws of Switzerland as stated within the Collateral Agent 
Agreement.  
Pledge of Collateral  
Pursuant to the following agreements, the Issuer has pledged all of its current, future rights, claims, benefits and 
interests in the Collateral and against each Custodian to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Investors: 
(i) the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement governed by the laws of New York dated on or about 15 April 
2019 between, the Issuer, as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent, in respect of the Collateral, 
as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time.

--- Page 80 ---
78 
 
 
(ii) the Security Agreement, dated on or about 31 March 2022 and governed by the laws of England, entered into 
between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent with respect to the accounts established under the Allocated 
Precious Metals Accounts Agreement and the Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement, respectively;  
 
(iii)  the Security agreement governed by the laws of England and Wales, dated 27 June 2022 between, the 
Issuer, as assignor, and the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent, in respect of the Collateral, as may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time;  
 
(iv) any other Pledge of collateral account agreement specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable; and  
 
(v) the Master Loan Agreement, dated 04 January 2021 between the Issuer, and BlockFi Lending LLC, as may 
be amended and/or supplemented from time-to-time. 
 
Account Control Agreement 
For the purpose of perfecting the security interests it has granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of investors 
in respect of the secured accounts and secured property the Issuer has entered into the following Account Control 
Agreements: 
On or about 20 May 2022, the Issuer entered into an ACA with BlockFi Lending, LLC and Coinbase Custody Trust 
Company, LLC which is governed by the laws of the State of New York. The ACA with BlockFi Lending LLC, and 
Coinbase Trust Company, LLC was entered into pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master Loan Agreement for 
the purpose of perfecting the security interest in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Investors in 
respect of the secured accounts and secured property.  
On or about 15 April 2019, the Issuer entered into an ACA with Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC and the 
Collateral Agent, which is governed by the laws of the State of New York. The ACA with Coinbase Custody Trust 
Company, LLC was entered into pursuant to the terms of the relevant pledge of collateral account agreement for 
the purpose of perfecting the security interest in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Investors in 
respect of the secured accounts and secured property. 
On or about 31 March 2022, the Issuer entered into an ACA with JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., and the Collateral 
Agent, which is governed by the laws of England. The ACA with JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. was entered pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant security agreement of collateral account agreement for the purpose of perfecting the 
security interest in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Investors in respect of the secured accounts 
and secured property. 
On or about 20 May 2022, the Issuer entered into an ACA with BlockFi Lending, LLC and Coinbase Custody Trust 
Company, LLC which is governed by the laws of the State of New York. The ACA with BlockFi Lending LLC, and 
Coinbase Trust Company, LLC was entered into pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master Loan Agreement for 
the purpose of perfecting the security interest in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Investors in 
respect of the secured accounts and secured property.  
On or about 27 June 2022, the Issuer entered into an ACA with Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG and the 
Collateral Agent, which is governed by the laws of England. The ACA with Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG 
was entered into pursuant to the terms of the relevant security agreement for the purpose of perfecting the security 
interest in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Investors in respect of the secured accounts and 
secured property.

--- Page 81 ---
79 
 
 
Administration Agreement 
As at 23 July 2020, the Issuer has entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator. The 
Administration Agreement sets out the terms on which each Administrator will act in relation to the Products issued 
under the Programme. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator agrees to provide certain 
services, including: 
Implementation Services – including, inter alia: (i) defining reporting requirements and establishing a client web 
portal; (ii) establishing an automated data feed between the Administrators and the Issuer; (ii) collecting and 
loading portfolio and financial data; 
Daily Administrator & Accounting Services – including, inter alia: (i) daily processing of portfolio activity; (ii) daily 
reconciliation of cash and position with the Issuer’s prime broker, custodian, bank or exchange; and (iii) daily 
pricing of the Product portfolio using third party pricing sources; and  
Reporting Services – including reporting in respect of: (i) daily cash and position reconciliations and a break report; 
(ii) daily portfolio reporting; and (iii) daily production of a net asset value (NAV) closing package, portfolio 
composition file and investor fee file, supported by a trial balance. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify and hold the Administrator harmless against any liability, actions, proceedings, 
claims, demands, costs or expenses (including but without limitation any reasonable attorneys’ fees) whatsoever, 
which the Administrator may incur or be subject to, in its capacity as providing the services provided under the 
Administration Agreement, provided, however, that such indemnity shall not apply to any liability or expense 
occasioned by or resulting from the Administrator’s wilful misfeasance, bad faith, fraud or gross negligence in the 
performance of its duties or from reckless disregard by it of its obligations or duties under the relevant 
Administration Agreement. 
The Administration Agreement with Formidium Corporation is governed by the laws of the State of Illinois. 
Services Agreement with the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity 
 
On or about 13 November 2018, the Issuer entered into a Services Agreement with the Jura Pentium 
Servicing Entity, pursuant to which the Issuer appoints the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity to be the servicer, 
in its name and on its behalf, and the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity agrees to provide or procure the provision of 
services (the Services) required by the Issuer in connection with its establishment of the Programme and the 
issuance, marketing, creation and redemption of Products thereunder, as well as the performance of its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents and any other such services as the Issuer and the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity 
may agree from time-to-time. In consideration for the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity’s provision of the Services, 
the Services Agreement provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity a service fee. The 
Services Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales. With effect as of 28 February 2022, Jura 
Pentium AG replaced Jura Pentium Limited as the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity. The relevant Services 
Agreement is dated 28 February 2022 and ensures the provision of Services required by the Issuer in connection 
with its establishment of the Programme and the issuance, listing, marketing, creation and redemption of Products 
thereunder, as well as the performance of the Issuer‘s obligations under the Transaction Documents and any other 
such services as the Issuer and the Jura Pentium Servicing Entity may agree from time-to-time. The new Services 
Agreement is governed by the laws of Switzerland. 
Paying Agency Agreement

--- Page 82 ---
80 
 
 
On 31 October 2018, the Issuer entered into a Paying Agency Agreement with the Global Paying Agent. The 
Paying Agency Agreement sets out the terms on which Bank Frick & Co. AG will act as Global Paying Agent in 
relation to the Products issued under the Programme.  
Pursuant to the Paying Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
the Global Paying Agent will represent the Issuer with regard to payments made under or in connection 
with the Products through SIS in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the Global Paying Agent is responsible for: (i) the creation of the Products in SIS as intermediated 
securities; (ii) the delivery of Products to the respective Authorised Participants by way of a “delivery free 
of payment” method; (iii) disbursing fiat currency to Investors in the event of a redemption of the Products 
as set out in the General Terms and Conditions; (iv) cancellation of intermediated securities in the main 
register in case of redemptions; and (v) holding the cash balance in the period between the liquidation or 
sale, respectively, of the Underlying and the return of the cash to Investors; 
(c) 
on a Redemption Date, the Global Paying Agent shall, subject to: (i) transfer of the relevant Products 
terminated and to be redeemed and (ii) receipt of payment of the related taxes and duties, if any, initiate 
the redemption process by way of delivery versus payment procedure via SIS;  
(d) 
both the Issuer and the Global Paying Agent reserve the right at any time with three months prior notice 
to terminate the mandate of the Global Paying Agent and to appoint another paying agent, provided that 
(i) if Products are outstanding, the Issuer will maintain a paying agent and (ii) as long as Products are 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a Swiss Paying Agent for listing purposes only; 
(e) 
the Issuer may appoint additional paying agents in relation to a Series of Products if required by the rules 
of any Authorised Exchange on which Products are listed or admitted to trading;  
(f) 
any determinations, decisions and calculations by the Agent shall, save in the case of manifest error or 
wilful misconduct, be final and binding on the Issuer and the Investors; and 
(g) 
the Issuer shall pay to the Global Paying Agent a service fee.  
The Paying Agency Agreement is governed by the laws of Switzerland. 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
The Issuer has entered or will enter, as the case may be, into a calculation agency agreement with the Product 
Calculation Agent in relation to a Series of Products. The Product Calculation Agent for a Series of Products will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Summary of Product Issuance Process 
The issue and redemption mechanism is intended to ensure that Products have sufficient liquidity and that the 
price at which they trade on the SIX Swiss Exchange or other relevant trading venues track the relevant 
Underlyings. Other than in the circumstances otherwise described herein, only an Authorised Participant may 
apply for or redeem the Products. All other persons must buy and sell Products through trading on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange or other relevant trading venue on which the Products are admitted to trading.

--- Page 83 ---
81 
 
 
When the relevant Crypto Asset, or, where applicable, Commodity Asset, serving as the Underlying or Underlying 
Component are used as Collateral, the practical steps involved in the issuance of Products are under the 
Programme as follows:  
1. 
An Authorised Participant submits a creation order to the Issuer on the order taking platform (T). 
2. 
The Authorised Participant buys a Crypto Asset, or, where applicable, a Commodity Asset on an Authorised 
Exchange (or uses its existing stock of Crypto Assets, or where applicable, Commodity Assets) and 
transfers the Crypto Asset, or, where applicable, the Commodity Asset in kind or delivers cash, as 
applicable, to the Collateral Account with the Custodian specified for the respective Series of Products (T+1 
Business Day) 
3. 
The Global Paying Agent issues respective units of Products to the Authorised Participant via entry in the 
Issuer’s book of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch) on the Issuer’s behalf (T+1 Business Day). 
4. 
The Global Paying Agent (i) registers new units of Products in the main register of SIX SIS AG and (ii) 
credits these to the Authorised Participant’s account with SIX SIS (creation of new Products as 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten)) via delivery free of payment (DfP) transfer instructions (T+1 
Business Day). 
5. 
SIX SIS clears the trade (T+1 Business Day). 
Redemption Process 
There are two types of redemption: Investor and Issuer redemption, on the one hand, and Authorised Participant 
redemption, on the other hand, which follow different mechanisms. 
Investor and Issuer Redemption 
1. 
Investor and Issuer redemption is triggered by any of the following events: 
a. 
The Issuer terminates a Series of Products (in whole but not in part) – this is possible at any time, at 
the Issuer’s sole discretion and without any further prior consent of the Investors – by publishing a 
Termination Notice (specifying the Redemption Date) in accordance with the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
b. 
An Investor (via the financial intermediary maintaining the Investor’s relevant securities account on 
the investor’s behalf) gives notice of exercise of his/her Redemption Order (not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ written notice) for redemption of the relevant Products held by him/her on the Investor 
Put Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
c. 
Illegality, illiquidity, impossibility or increased cost of collateralisation with respect to the Products or 
any Underlyings occurs and the Issuer terminates the respective Products by giving notice of such 
redemption. 
d. 
A tax event occurs, i.e. any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges are imposed by 
any jurisdiction in which the Issuer is or becomes subject to tax as a result of any change in laws or 
regulations of the relevant jurisdiction, and the Issuer notifies the Investors of such redemption.

--- Page 84 ---
82 
 
 
2. 
In such event, the Issuer/Investor’s custodian bank informs the Investor’s custodian bank/the Global Paying 
Agent of redemption.  
3. 
On the redemption date, the Issuer liquidates the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, 
the relevant Commodity Asset Collateral. 
4. 
The Global Paying Agent cancels the relevant Products in the Issuer’s book of uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechtebuch). 
5. 
The Global Paying Agent (i) de-registers relevant Products in the main register of SIX SIS and (ii) debits the 
direct participant’s account accordingly. 
6. 
SIX SIS forwards the relevant Redemption Amount to the direct participants for distribution to the Investor 
against debit of Products in the Investor’s securities account in a delivery versus payment transaction. 
7. 
The Investor receives the relevant Redemption Amount (representing the proceeds from the sale of the 
relevant Crypto Asset Collateral, or, where applicable, the relevant Commodity Asset Collateral, net of 
applicable fees and accounting for any tracking error) against debit of Products in his/her securities account. 
Authorised Participant Redemption 
1. 
Authorised Participant redemption is triggered by an Authorised Participant requesting redemption from the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 5.3 (Redemption by an Authorised Participant). The ability to request 
the Issuer to redeem is only available to designated Authorised Participants who have entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer.  
2. 
The Authorised Participant shall submit a Form of Order Request on the order-taking platform. 
3. 
The Issuer and Administrator shall verify the order to ensure that it complies with the General Terms and 
Conditions, the relevant Final Terms and the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and, if so, shall 
send an order confirmation (T+1 Business Day). 
4. 
The Global Paying Agent shall (i) de-register the relevant Products in the Main Register and (ii) debit the 
direct participant’s account accordingly via DfP transfer instructions (T+1 Business Day).  
5. 
The Global Paying Agent shall cancel the relevant Products in the Issuer’s book of uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechtebuch) (T+1 Business Day). 
6. 
The Custodian shall transfer the relevant Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, the relevant 
Commodity Asset Collateral or cash  to the Authorised Participant’s Wallet or Account on the relevant AP 
Redemption Date (T+1 Business Day).

--- Page 85 ---
83 
 
 
Flow of Funds  
The following table sets out the flow of funds for each creation and redemption of Products under the Programme: 
 
The flow of funds reflects the structure from a practical perspective. The Products will be collateralised (please 
refer to "Collateral & Summary of Security Arrangements"). Unless explicitly indicated otherwise, the initial 
collateralisation is only done by using the relevant Underlying or Underlying Components. From a practical 
perspective the Issuer will use the proceeds from the issuance to purchase the relevant Crypto Assets (if no other 
type of collateral is used) and to deposit and grant security interests over such assets. However, in order to further 
reduce the risks in the structure the Authorised Participants do not pay out the funds to the Issuer such that the 
Issuer would purchase the relevant Crypto Assets and then deposit and grant security interests over such assets. 
In practice the Authorised Participants will, acting at the Issuer’s directions, purchase the relevant Crypto Assets 
and deliver such assets to the Custodian where such assets will form part of the security arrangements created 
over the account structure. The intention is to minimise the risk that any Collateral is in the possession of the Issuer 
if the Issuer would become insolvent at such time. When and to the extent fees have accrued to the benefit of the 
Issuer under the terms of the relevant Product, the corresponding amount of Crypto Assets will be released from 
the security arrangements and delivered to the Issuer. The collateral and security arrangements are described in 
further detail in the following section.

--- Page 86 ---
84 
 
 
COLLATERAL & SUMMARY OF SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
a. Collateralisation Method 
Each Product issued under the Programme shall be collateralised through the purchase of a pool of Crypto Asset 
Collateral, or where applicable, Commodity Asset Collateral on a 1:1 basis, or by other eligible assets. Any such 
assets will be held on behalf of the Issuer by the Custodian in accordance with the Custodial Services Agreement. 
The Custodian is responsible for creating and maintaining wallet addresses and all safety and security measures 
associated with the wallet. See “Summary of the Parties and the Structure – Principal Transaction Documents – 
Custodial Services Agreement”.  
The Issuer has no obligation to choose a specific collateral. However, the collateralisation must be in accordance 
with Art 14 of Additional Rules Exchange Traded Products of SIX Swiss Exchange. In accordance with these rules, 
ETPs must be collateralised as follows: 
1. by presenting the underlying instrument for deposit either physically or in the form of a futures contract; 
or  
2. by means of liquid equities, participation certificates, profit-sharing certificates, collective investment 
schemes, bonds or commodities that are listed or admitted to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange or a foreign 
exchange with equivalent regulation; or 
3. by means of cash balances or precious metals. 
Such collateral is referred to as "eligible collateral". The collateral must cover at least the outstanding amount of 
the ETP. The assets that serve as collateral will be held in safekeeping by a third party that is independent of the 
issuer but appointed by it. The Issuer is not obliged to purchase the Underlying or the Underlying Component. 
Unless specified otherwise, the Issuer collateralises the Products within the meaning of no. 1 above.  
The custody for Crypto Assets Collateral is provided by either  Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC or Copper 
Technologies (Switzerland) AG, or qualified custodians located in the United States or Switzerland, as applicable.  
The custody for any Commodity Asset used as collateral is provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or qualified 
custodians located in the United States  
The custody for any Cash Assets used as collateral is provided by Bank Frick & Co AG, or qualified custodians 
located in the United States or Switzerland. 
The Issuer, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian have entered into the Account Control Agreement with respect 
to the Collateral. See “Summary of the Parties and the Structure – Principal Transaction Documents – Account 
Control Agreement”. 
Any Crypto Asset Collateral that is not represented by Crypto Assets but rather in assets denominated in Crypto 
Assets or other eligible assets, such as futures contracts, will be pledged to the Collateral Agent under the 
Additional Pledge Agreements. See “Summary of the Parties and the Structure – Principal Transaction Documents 
– Additional Pledge Agreements”. 
The Issuer may, at its discretion, use custodians in multiple jurisdictions, provided that such custodians are notified 
to Investors in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). It may also, at its sole discretion and upon notification to 
the Investors and publication of such notice on any securities exchanges or trading venues on which the Products

--- Page 87 ---
85 
 
 
are listed, alter the custody arrangements for the Crypto Assets and, where applicable, the Commodity Assets, 
including the jurisdiction of the custody. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, custody services are provided in 
the United States.  
The collateral securing the Products will be held in a securities account. A “securities account” is an account 
maintained by a “securities intermediary”, such as a bank, a securities broker or other custodian, in which it holds 
securities or other financial assets (which can include Crypto Assets and, where applicable, the Commodity 
Assets) for the benefit of a customer. When held in this way, the securities intermediary is technically the direct 
owner of the financial assets, and the customer holds a “security entitlement” against the securities intermediary 
with respect to the financial assets, giving the customer (the entitlement holder), here the Issuer, all the rights of 
beneficial ownership (such as rights to direct the disposition of the assets and receive any dividends). The 
customer, as a borrower or debtor, can pledge its security entitlement (i.e., its interest in the financial assets held 
in the securities account) to a third party lender, as collateral, as discussed below. 
Gaining a protected security interest in collateral generally involves two steps – “attachment” and “perfection”. 
Attachment refers to the creation of the security interest in the specified collateral, and gives rights to the secured 
party against the debtor; while perfection gives rights to the secured party against other creditors asserting rights 
in the same collateral. A security interest “attaches” when created or granted pursuant to a security agreement. 
Perfection of the security interest occurs by a variety of methods depending on the type of collateral involved (such 
as taking possession of the collateral or filing a Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) financing statement). 
In the case of financial assets held by a securities intermediary in a securities account on behalf of the debtor, 
perfection is achieved under the UCC by acquiring “control” over the debtor’s security entitlement in those assets. 
This is accomplished through a securities account control agreement, which is a tri-party agreement among (1) a 
customer/debtor (e.g., a borrower, guarantor or other loan party pledging financial assets as collateral – the Issuer), 
(2) the secured party (secured lender, the Collateral Agent acting on behalf of the Investors) and (3) the securities 
intermediary maintaining the relevant financial assets in a securities account maintained on behalf of, and in the 
name of, the debtor (depositary bank – the Custodian). Under the control agreement, the parties agree that the 
securities intermediary will comply with any instructions issued by the secured party with respect to the disposition 
of the financial assets in the securities account without the need for further consent from the debtor. Once that 
agreement is in place, the secured party is deemed to have “control” over the securities account, and its security 
interest is therefore “perfected.” In addition to perfecting a security interest, the control agreement enables the 
secured party, when exercising remedies, to direct the disposition of the assets in the account as well as to prevent 
the debtor from giving instructions with respect to the financial assets without the secured party’s consent. The 
secured party and the debtor can agree in the relevant documentation as to when the secured party is permitted 
to issue such instructions. 
The custody for the Collateral is provided by either Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, Copper Technologies 
(Switzerland) AG or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., qualified custodians located in the United States or Switzerland, 
as applicable. 
The Issuer, the Collateral Agent and the Custodian have entered into the Account Control Agreement with respect 
to the Collateral. See “Summary of the Parties and the Structure – Principal Transaction Documents – Account 
Control Agreement”.  
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (USA) 
The information in this section (Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (USA)) consists only of information 
provided to the Issuer by Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the 
accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information

--- Page 88 ---
86 
 
 
published by Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, no facts have been omitted which would render such 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Founded in 2018, Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC is a fiduciary under § 100 of the New York Banking Law 
and a qualified custodian licensed to custody clients’ Crypto Assets in trust on clients’ behalf. As of August 9th, 
2022, the company served over 1600 clients and has over U.S. $43 billion in assets under custody. Coinbase 
Custody Trust Company, LLC’s corporate office is located in New York, New York, USA. The purpose of the 
company is to offer qualified custody services and pursuant to Article 9 of the company’s articles of organization, 
the company is to exercise the powers conferred by § 100 of the New York Banking Law and the company shall 
neither accept deposits nor make loans except for deposits and loans arising directly from the exercise of the 
fiduciary powers specified in § Section 100 of the New York Banking Law. 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC provides insured safekeeping of digital assets using a multi-layer, multi-
party cold storage security platform designed to provide offline security of the digital assets held by Coinbase 
Custody Trust Company, LLC. Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC has insurance coverage as a subsidiary 
under its parent company, Coinbase Global, Inc., which procures fidelity (aka crime) insurance to protect the 
organisation from risks such as theft of funds. Specifically, the fidelity program provides coverage for the theft of 
funds held in hot or cold storage. The insurance program is provided by a syndicate of industry-leading insurers 
that are highly rated by AM Best. 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC aims to reduce risks commonly seen in third-party security software 
solutions through security protocols and combines audited policies and procedures and best-in-class technology 
into an insurable safekeeping solution through a regulated financial institution. Each Underlying Component will 
require its own wallet address on the associated blockchain. Accordingly, the Collateral for the products may be 
held across multiple wallets. For example, an Underlying with five components will be held across a minimum of 
five separate wallets, each of which will feature the following safety and security measures to be implemented by 
the Custodian: 
• 
Cold Storage: Cold storage in the context of Crypto Assets means keeping the reserve of Crypto Assets 
offline, which is a widely-used security precaution, especially when dealing with a large amount of Crypto 
Assets. Crypto Assets held under custodianship with the Custodian will be kept in high-security, offline, 
multi-layer cold storage vaults. This means that the private keys, the cryptographic component that allows 
a user to access Crypto Assets, are stored offline on hardware that has never been connected to the 
internet. Storing the private key offline minimises the risk of the Crypto Assets being stolen. 
• 
Multiple Private Keys: All private keys are securely stored using multiple layers of high-quality encryption 
and in Custodian-owned offline hardware vaults in secure environments. No customers or third parties are 
given access to the Custodian’s private keys. The use of multiple private keys makes retrieving Crypto 
Assets from the wallet more difficult, and aims to further reduce the risk of hacking, theft and/or robbery. 
• 
Whitelisting: Transactions are only sent to vetted, known addresses. The Custodian’s platform supports 
pre-approval and test transactions. 
• 
Audit Trails: Audit trails exist for all movement of Products within Custodian-controlled Crypto Asset wallets, 
and are audited annually for accuracy and completeness by an independent external audit firm. 
In addition to the above measures, in accordance with the Custodial Services Agreement, Crypto Assets held in 
custody with the Custodian will be segregated from both the proprietary property of the Custodian and the assets 
of any other customer.

--- Page 89 ---
87 
 
 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG  
The information in this section (Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG) consists only of information provided to 
the Issuer by Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG will act as an 
additional Custodian with respect to Products of the Issuer. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate 
reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.  
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG is a Swiss corporation registered in the commercial register of the Canton 
of Zug, Switzerland, with registration number CHE-477.629.838, incorporated on March 9, 2022, with unlimited 
duration and having its seat and head office address at Gotthardstrasse 26, 6300, Zug, Switzerland. 
Copper 
Technologies 
(Switzerland) 
AG 
is 
registered 
with 
Verein 
zur 
Qualitätssicherung 
von 
Finanzdienstleistungen (VQF) a Self-Regulatory Organisation (SRO) officially recognised by the SwissFinancial 
Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, the VQF supervises its members with regard to the combating of money 
laundering and the prevention of the financing of terrorism. 
“Copper” and “Copper.co” are trading names of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG. Copper Technologies 
(Switzerland) AG is 100% subsidiary of Copper Technologies (UK) Limited a limited liability company registered 
in England with company registration number 11148681, incorporated at Companies House on 15 January 2018, 
with its registered and head office address at 3rd Floor, 64 North Row, London W1K 7DA, United Kingdom. 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG provides custodial, exchange and settlement services for digital assets to 
institutional and high-net worth clients. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG supports the custody of digital 
assets across cold, hot, warm and proxy wallets. 
The safeguarding and custody of digital assets is the core and flagship element of the business of Copper 
Technologies (Switzerland) AG which it provides through its proprietary and secure digital asset custody 
infrastructure. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG uses its unique multi-party computation technology to 
securely generate key shards simultaneously but in isolation in a secure environment. Key shards may then be 
kept on or offline to ensure ultimate security and control of digital assets, with key shards combining to co-sign 
transactions remotely, removing the risk of private key exposure. 
The parent company of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, Copper Technologies (UK) Limited, has ISO 
27001 accreditation and is registered with the US Department of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement 
Network (FinCEN) as a Money Services Business. Copper Technologies (UK) Limited has an Aon brokered crime 
insurance policy and has the Cyber Essentials Plus certification, a UK Government-backed scheme to help 
organisations protect against cyber attacks. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG will have the benefit of the 
insurance policy written to Copper Technologies (UK) Limited. Any digital assets held in custody in vaults by 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG for its clients, including the Issuer, are and will remain segregated from 
both proprietary assets of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG and the assets of its other clients. 
Any digital assets held in custody in vaults by Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG for its clients, including the 
Issuer, are and will remain segregated from both proprietary assets of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG and 
the assets of its other clients.

--- Page 90 ---
88 
 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
The information in this section (JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) consists only of information published by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., no facts 
have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a national banking association organised under U.S. federal law on 13 November 
2004. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System and its U.S. Federal Reserve 
Bank Identification Number is 852218. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s LEI is 7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. offers a wide range of banking services to its customers both in the United States 
and internationally, including investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, 
commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is 
directly wholly owned by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its principal bank subsidiary. As such, it will be subject to 
the risks of the JPMorgan Chase group including regulatory, legal and reputation risks, political and country risks, 
market and credit risks, liquidity and capital risks and operational, strategic, conduct and people risks, and affected 
by events which impact the JPMorgan Chase group. 
Determination of an Event of Default and Insolvency Event 
The conditions which give rise to an Event of Default and Insolvency Event are set out in Condition 20 (Events of 
Default and Insolvency Event).  
Liquidation will occur, in respect of the realisation of Collateral, following an Event of Default, in accordance with 
the Collateral Agent Agreement and, generally (in the liquidation of the Issuer), upon the instruction of the Swiss 
bankruptcy official. 
Practical Procedure in the Event of Realisation 
In the event of a realisation, the Collateral Agent (in the event of an Event of Default) or the Swiss bankruptcy 
official or a party appointed by it (including the Collateral Agent) (in the event of an Insolvency Event) will (i) enforce 
any of the Issuer’s rights in any assets of the Issuer under the terms of the Additional Pledge Agreements and 
arrange for any Crypto Assets and, where applicable, Commodity Assets due under those agreement to be 
delivered to a designated collateral account and (ii) place an order through the designated collateral account under 
the terms of the Custodial Services Agreement. With the assistance of the Custodian and the relevant exchanges, 
the Collateral Agent or the Issuer will undertake to liquidate the assets as soon as possible assuming sufficient 
liquidity is available in the market. 
Costs in the Event of Realisation 
In the event of a realisation, Investors will bear a number of costs, including but not limited to transaction costs 
with custodians and exchanges, the fees and expenses of the Collateral Agent and other transaction participants, 
as well as spreads on Crypto Assets, and, where applicable, the Commodity Assets. These costs will be deducted 
from the amounts received upon the realisation of Collateral and may create a significant loss of value for Investors.  
The post-enforcement priority of payments is as follows: 
1. 
firstly, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid or payable to the Collateral Agent.

--- Page 91 ---
89 
 
 
2. 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid to the Jura 
Pentium Servicing Entity and the Custodian (as further set out in the Collateral Agent Agreement). 
3. 
thirdly, in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid 
and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect of the relevant Products; and 
4. 
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in respect of, any 
queries as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with between the Issuer and any such person). 
Payout following a Market Disruption Event 
In the case of a realisation due to a Market Disruption Event, the Investor will not receive the proceeds of the sale 
until all of the Collateral has been liquidated. Proceeds from the sale (net of the costs of such liquidation, including 
the Collateral Agent’s fees and expenses) will be returned to the Investor on a pro rata basis through the 
appropriate paying agent.  
In the case of liquidation due to other types of redemption by the Issuer or the exercise of the Investor’s put option, 
the Investor will receive the Redemption Amount due to them once the sale of all of the Crypto Asset Collateral, 
and, where applicable Commodity Asset Collateral has been processed and settled and the cash made available 
to the Issuer for transfer. This process may take upwards of ten days, during which Investors may be exposed to 
market risk. 
No liability for an Extraordinary Event 
None of the Issuer, the Collateral Agent or the Custodian is liable for an Extraordinary Event as defined in 
Condition 17 (Extraordinary Event). 
Potentially insufficient funds upon realisation 
In the event that the Issuer defaults and the Collateral Agent enforces its rights under the Collateral Agent 
Agreement and the ACA to take control of the Collateral Account, the realisation of this Collateral may not be of 
sufficient value to cover all Redemption Amounts payable to Investors because:  
(i) 
the Collateral Account only contains assets equal to the value of the Products as at the close of the 
immediately preceding Business Day on which the calculations and valuations are made and there 
may be a number of days between such valuations occurring and the date on which the Collateral 
Agent takes control of the Collateral Account, during which time a significant difference between the 
value of the Collateral in the Collateral Account and the price of the Underlying or Underlying 
Components could arise, particularly given the volatility of the crypto markets;  
(ii) 
the Collateral in the Collateral Account is not denominated in the Settlement Currency (but rather 
held in Crypto Assets or other eligible collateral) and the value of such Collateral may fall due to 
exchange rate movements.  
(iii) 
the face value of Products could rise due to market conditions;  
(iv) 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Agent) may not be able to realise some or all of the assets in the 
Collateral Account at the prices at which they were valued;  
(v) 
payment in respect of Redemption Amounts are required to be made in the Settlement Currency 
and there may be costs involved in converting the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral into the 
Settlement Currency or the Issuer may otherwise be unable to convert such proceeds into the 
Settlement Currency; or  
(vi) 
there may be certain costs associated with the realisation of the assets in the Collateral Account.

--- Page 92 ---
90 
 
 
In addition, under the General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may utilise depositories, banks or other financial 
institutions in connection with the custody of the Collateral. In the event that the Issuer defaults and the Collateral 
Agent enforces its rights to take control of the Collateral Account, this account will be held with a depository as 
arranged by the Issuer. Accordingly, the Issuer or the Collateral Agent may not be able to recover all sums due to 
it and may not, therefore, have sufficient amounts to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations to Investors and/or it 
may take longer to realise the Collateral and, therefore, Investors may experience delays in receiving amounts 
due to them.

--- Page 93 ---
91 
 
 
FEES RELATED TO THE PRODUCTS 
Investors will be charged a fee in respect of the Products in the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Investor Fee).  
The Final Terms will set out the Investor Fee and the process for determining the Investor Fee on each following 
calendar day after the Issue Date (including holidays and weekends) until redemption, which shall be based on a 
percentage of the Crypto Asset Collateral at 17:00 CET/CEST (the closing time of the SIX Swiss Exchange) for 
that Product on the immediately preceding calendar day, divided by 365. 
Because this fee is subtracted from the indicative value at the closing of the SIX on a daily basis, the fee 
accumulates over time and is subtracted at the rate of a percentage amount set out in the Final Terms. Because 
the net effect of the Investor Fee is a fixed percentage of the value of each Product, the aggregate effect of the 
Investor Fee will increase or decrease in a manner directly proportional to the value of each Product and the 
amount of Product that is held, as applicable. In addition, where lending arrangements are applicable, the fee 
arrangements may include a fixed percentage charge on any arranger fee payable on lending agreements used 
to generate additional income for the relevant underlying, payable to the Issuer at the time of payment. Further, 
where staking arrangements are applicable, the fee arrangements may include a fixed percentage charge on any 
rewards payable on staking agreements used to generate additional income for the relevant underlying, payable 
to the Issuer at the time of payment. 
The Investor Fee includes all of the expenses related to the Products, including trading fees, custodianship and 
security fees. It is important to note that the Investor is still responsible for any tax consequences of rebalances. 
In addition, the pricing of Crypto Assets may be subject to a spread of as much as 1-1.5% or more by Market 
Makers and Authorised Participants. 
This fee is deducted in kind following the procedure described in “—Investor Fee” below.  
Crypto Asset Collateral and Commodity Asset Collateral  
The Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, the Commodity Asset Collateral is the amount of assets 
backing the Product. The daily value of the Product is calculated based on the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where 
applicable, the Commodity Asset Collateral of the Product, composed of the underlying Crypto Assets and, where 
applicable, the Commodity Assets, with the weighting determined on the basis of the most recent rebalance.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the implied fiat value of the Product is based on the 
previous day’s Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, the Commodity Asset Collateral, multiplied by the 
latest available price for the relevant underlying Crypto Assets and, where applicable, Commodity Assets. The 
price of the underlying Crypto Assets is sourced from the Vinter BTC/USD Daily Index calculated by Vinter (which 
is available at https://methodology.vinter.co/single-assets/single-crypto-assets). The Vinter BTC/USD Daily index 
is calculated as a time-weighted average price of the Vinter BTC/USD Real-Time index values during the time 
window 14:30 to 15:30 London time. The price of the underlying Gold is sourced from the Vinter Gold Daily Index 
calculated by Vinter (which is available at https://methodology.vinter.co/single-assets/single-metals). The Vinter 
Gold Daily Index is calculated from eligible publicly traded financial instruments. The price of an instrument is given 
by a time-weighted average price of the last prices during each minute of the time window stated in the 
methodology. All selected instruments are equally weighted, so that all instruments contribute equally to the index 
value, implying that the index value increases/decreases with the average price increase/decrease of a set of 
financial instruments tracking the precious metal.

--- Page 94 ---
92 
 
 
Investor Fee 
The Product pays operation fees, which accrues at a rate per annum equal to the Investor Fee. The Issuer uses 
this fee to pay other service providers of the Issuer and fund its own daily operations. The rate will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, and is applied to the Crypto Asset Collateral on a daily basis to determine the daily 
deduction of an amount of Crypto Assets from the Crypto Asset Collateral.  
The Crypto Asset Collateral is decreased daily at a rate equal to the portion of the Investor Fee applicable to such 
day, thus affecting the Crypto Asset Collateral calculation for the subsequent trading day. Crypto Assets 
representing the reduction in the Crypto Asset Collateral by daily application of the Investor Fee will be periodically 
sold to fund the payment of operation fees.

--- Page 95 ---
93 
 
 
THE AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT’S ROLE 
Only Authorised Participants are able to request the Issuer to create or redeem Products to be issued under the 
Programme, unless through special circumstances noted elsewhere in this document (including the Investors’ put 
option set out in the General Terms and Conditions). Authorised Participants may also act as Market Makers 
(i.e., buying and selling Products from and to Investors on an over-the-counter basis or via a securities exchange 
or trading venue). However, not all Market Makers need to be Authorised Participants and vice versa. 
One can only be considered an Authorised Participant if one is: (a) a securities house or other market professional 
approved by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion); and (b) an account holder on SIX (a SIX Member). An 
Authorised Participant must also have entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer dealing 
with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the Authorised Participant in relation to applying for and 
redeeming the Products.  
Authorised Participant Agreements have been entered into with the Authorised Participants. See “Summary of the 
Parties and the Structure—Principal Transaction Documents—Authorised Participant Agreements”.  
The Issuer will use reasonable efforts to ensure that at all times for the duration of the Programme there is at least 
one Authorised Participant. In the event that at any time there are no Authorised Participants, Investors will be 
permitted to redeem the securities respectively held by them directly from the Issuer.  
It is intended that Authorised Participants will sell Products in the secondary market to Investors who have either 
directly approached the Authorised Participant(s) or to Investors on a securities exchange or trading venue on 
which the Products are listed (as applicable) for a purchase price agreed between the Authorised Participant and 
such Investor(s) in respect of the Products. Investors may sell the Products from time-to-time in the secondary 
market to third parties or to Authorised Participants.  
Authorised Participants 
Jane Street  
Jane Street Financial Limited is a limited liability company, incorporated on 13 April 2007 under the laws of 
England and Wales with company number 06211806 and with its registered office located at Floor 30, 20 
Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3BY, United Kingdom. Jane Street Financial Limited is a registered dealer 
authorised and regulated by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority 
Flow Traders B.V. 
Flow Traders B.V., incorporated on 11 November 1991 and located at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 1018LL, Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands, is a private limited liability company operating under Netherlands law. It is registered with The 
Netherlands Chambers of Commerce with date of entry on 2 December 1991 and register number 33223268. 
Lang & Schwarz  
Lang & Schwarz TradeCenter AG & Co. KG, a subsidiary of the Lang & Schwarz AG which is a holding company 
that was founded on January 19th in 1996, is located on Breite Straße 34, in 40213 Düsseldorf, Germany. The 
entity is mainly focused on market making of securities such as exchange traded products, equities, mutual funds, 
fixed income products and derivatives, issued by Lang & Schwarz AG. Its core business is the German market 
where it is engaged in market making on Börse Stuttgart and solely on the LS Exchange, an electronic trading 
platform operated by Börse Hamburg since 2016.

--- Page 96 ---
94 
 
 
BlueFin Europe LLP 
Bluefin Europe LLP, incorporated on 14 August 2008 and located at 110 Bishopsgate, London, England, EC2N 
4AY is a Limited liability partnership operating under the laws of England. It is registered with Companies House 
under Company number OC339361.  
DRW Europe B.V.  
DRW Europe B.V. located at Locatellikade 1, 1076AZ Amsterdam, The Netherlands, is a private limited liability 
company operating under the laws of the Netherlands.  It is registered with The Netherlands Chambers of 
Commerce with register number 72017163.  
Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP 
Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP was incorporated on 01 December 2005, and located at 77 Cornhill, 6th Floor, EC3V 
3QQ, London, United Kingdom, and is a private limited liability company operating under the laws of England. It is 
registered with the Companies House under Company Number OC316522.  
Nyenburgh Holding B.V. 
Nyenburgh Holding B.V. is located at Beursplein 5, 1012JW Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Nyenburgh Holding 
BV, qualifies as an Investment Firm in proprietary trading under the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wft) 
and is licensed by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) and the Dutch Central Bank (DNB).  
Virtu Financial Ireland Limited 
Virtu Financial Ireland Limited was incorporated on June 11, 2009 and is located at Whiteaker Court, Whitaker 
Square, Third Floor, Block C, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin, Ireland. It is a company operating under the laws 
of Ireland. It is registered under Registration Number 471719.  
For more information about our Authorised Participants please visit https://21shares.com/ir/aps/  
Application Process 
Products may be issued upon application by an Authorised Participant. There is no minimum number of Products 
that must be applied for in order to ensure creation. The Issuer will decline applications for Products if it cannot for 
any reason secure corresponding collateral. 
Settlement Process 
In-Kind Settlement 
When initiated by an Authorised Participant, the Products generally have an in-kind settlement structure, 
which is similar to physical settlement in the context of options and futures contracts. 
For example, Authorised Participants will be required on settlement date (typically T+1 Business Day) to 
transfer to the Issuer’s relevant accounts with the Custodian a basket of Crypto Assets specified in the order 
confirmation form. The amount of each Crypto Asset in the basket is equal to the number of units to be

--- Page 97 ---
95 
 
 
created multiplied by the number of the respective Crypto Asset in one product specified in the PCF prepared 
by the Administrator on T-1 Business Day. 
The Authorised Participants are also required to pay an application fee at subscription in U.S. Dollars. 
Alternatively, the Authorised Participant may also pay cash or Bitcoin (BTC) or another eligible crypto 
currency which is then used to, at the price locked-in at pricing, purchase the amount of each Crypto Asset 
in the basket equal to the number of units to be created multiplied by the number of the respective Crypto 
Asset in one product specified in the PCF prepared by the Administrator on T-1 Business Day.The Issuer will 
not issue Products to an Authorised Participant until the settlement amount has been allocated to the 
Issuer’s relevant account with the Custodian, and vice versa for redemption. 
The primary benefit of in-kind settlement for Crypto Assets is that it is subject to less execution risk or slippage as 
the entire activity is measured by the physical amount of the underlying Crypto Assets regardless of the cash value 
they represent. The entire process of delivery of the Underlying is also closely monitored by the Custodian and 
confirmed by the Administrator. 
Redemption Process 
The redemption process will follow the same flow as above and will settle on a T+1 Business Day basis.  
Redemptions by Authorised Participants shall be settled on an in-kind basis unless the Issuer permits such 
redemption to be settled in accordance with Condition 5.5 (Cash Settlement).  
Redemptions by Investors by delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral shall be settled as described in Condition 5.4 
(Redemption of Products by Delivery of the Crypto Asset Collateral for such Products). 
See “Summary of the Parties and the Structure—Redemption Process”. 
Cash Settlement 
At the sole discretion of the Issuer, Authorised Participants can initiate by delivery of cash which the Issuer will 
use to source the Underlying Components on behalf of the Authorised Participant (“Cash Order”). For example, 
Authorised Participants will be required on T Business Day to transfer to the Issuer’s relevant accounts with the 
equivalent of cash related to the purchase of the unerlying basket specified in the order confirmation form. The 
amount of each Crypto Asset in the basket is equal to the number of units to be created multiplied by the number 
of the respective Crypto Asset in one product specified in the PCF prepared by the Administrator on T-1 Business 
Day. The Authorised Participants are also required to pay an application fee at subscription in U.S. Dollars. 
Alternatively, the Authorised Participant may also pay cash or Bitcoin (BTC) or another eligible crypto currency 
which is then used to, at the price locked-in at pricing, purchase the amount of each Crypto Asset in the basket 
equal to the number of units to be created multiplied by the number of the respective Crypto Asset in one product 
specified in the PCF prepared by the Administrator on T-1 Business Day. 
For redemption, Authorised Participants will be required to settle the Product units in T before the redemption 
order is confirmed. In T+1, the Issuer will pay the Authorised Participants with the respective cash amount resulting 
from the sell in T of the underlying components.

--- Page 98 ---
96 
 
 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
Application fees and redemption fees will be payable on the creation and redemption of the Products and not by 
Investors who buy and sell the Products on the secondary market, including the SIX Swiss Exchange. Investors 
may, however, be subject to other fees imposed by the persons from whom they acquire Products. 
Application fees and redemption fees will be collected by the Issuer or any other entity designated by the Issuer 
for such purpose. The Redemption Amount may also be subject to additional fees related to the transfer of fiat 
assets.  
Creation and Redemption Limits 
Redemption limits are set based on the proportion of assets held in cold storage. Based on Coinbase Custody 
Trust Company, LLC, Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG and Issuer policy, more than 90% of all Crypto 
Assets are held in cold storage. As a result, the daily redemption limit of the security is less than 5% of the total 
issuance value at any given time. The policy regarding cold storage and, accordingly the daily redemption limit, is 
subject to change. 
Authorised Participants holding Products 
Authorised Participants can act as Market-Makers. Consequently, the Authorised Participants can from time to to 
hold Products in their own name, respectively. In such regard the Authorised Participants will be treated as 
Investors. For example, in the event of enforcement and post-enforcement priority of payments pursuant to the 
provisions in Condition 21 (ENFORCEMENT AND POST-ENFORCEMENT PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS) the 
Authorised Participants will be treated as any other Investors. 
AML and Compliance 
The Issuer’s primary counterparties for all fiat or crypto related transactions must be Authorised Participants. 
These institutions are responsible for delivering a basket of Crypto Assets during the creation process. In order 
to qualify as an Authorised Participant, an institution must be licensed to operate as a “broker dealer” and market 
participant on the relevant exchange. 
The Authorised Participants which the Issuer has contracted with are large, reputable institutional investors or 
banks. All of the Issuer’s Authorised Participants are required to comply with local regulatory requirements, 
including KYC/AML, in the jurisdiction(s) in which they operate and have robust compliance processes.

--- Page 99 ---
97 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
a. Name, Registered Office, Location 
The Issuer is 21Shares AG. Its registered office and address is at Dammstrasse 19, 6300 Zug, Switzerland, and 
the general telephone number is +41265880849.  
b. Incorporation, Legal Form, Duration, Register Number 
21Shares AG was established (at a meeting of its founders) on 20 July 2018 and was incorporated and registered 
in Zug, Switzerland on 27 July 2018 as a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under article 620 et seq. of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations for an unlimited duration. As from that day, 21Shares AG is registered in the 
Commercial Register of the Canton of Zug, Switzerland, under the number CHE-347.562.100. The Issuer’s legal 
entity identifier or ‘LEI’ is 254900UWHMJRRODS3Z64. 
The Issuer’s website is available at: https://21shares.com/.  This website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus (other than where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
c. Purpose 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing exchange traded 
products and other financial products linked to the performance of Crypto Assets such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum 
Ether (ETH), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Stellar Lumens (XLM) and EOS (EOS) and indices 
of Crypto Assets.  
According to Article 2 of the Articles of Association of the Issuer dated 14 February 2020: 
1. 
The purpose of the Company as a technology and financial company is to issue listed and exchange traded 
products and services in Switzerland and worldwide. 
2. 
The Company may open branch offices and subsidiaries in Switzerland and abroad and acquire 
participations in other companies in Switzerland and abroad. 
3. 
The Company may acquire, hold, manage, mortgage, exploit and sell real estate and intellectual property 
rights in Switzerland and abroad and may fund other companies. 
4. 
The Company may engage in any commercial, financial and other activities which are suitable to favour the 
purpose of the Company or which are related to its purpose. 
d. Group 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer continues to be a fully owned subsidiary of Amun Holdings 
Limited, CO Services Cayman Limited, PO Box 10008, Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1001, 
Cayman Islands. The ultimate beneficial owner of Amun Holdings Limited is an individual – Samer Rashwan. 
The following illustrations shows the group of companies in which the Issuer is one of the subsidiaries (the 
“Group”):

--- Page 100 ---
98 
 
 
 
The above group chart only depicts entities within the group that are relevant to the Issuer.  
21Shares AG is the special purpose vehicle that issues the ETP products. 
The Group employs nearly 125 employees, primarily in Switzerland and the United States. The Group’s vision is 
to make the best performing asset class of the last decade be accessible to anyone. The group’s team of 
technologists and bankers set out in Switzerland to build the simplest and most transparent way to access this 
exciting evolution in finance and technology. As of November 22nd, 2021, 21Shares has 19 crypto exchange-
traded products listed, including Products tracking the performance of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other innovative 
Crypto ETP products. 
The Issuer uses Amun’s issuance platform to carry out its day-to-day business. Employees are paid through Jura 
Pentium AG. Jura Pentium AG charges 21Shares AG accordingly through a service level agreement. 
The Issuer was technically over-indebted as of June 30, 2021. However, on May 8, 2019, the Issuer had 
formalized an agreement whereby an assumption, loan and subordination agreement was entered into with an 
affiliate, Jura Pentium Limited ("JPL"), then called Amun Technologies Limited. JPL therein agreed to assume, 
retroactively from the Issuer's inception, all past, present and future liabilities of the Issuer other than those arising 
from an ETP issued by the Company, by way of an internal assumption of debt within the meaning of Article 175 
of the Swiss Code of Obligations (“CO”) (internal assumption of debt) without any conditions. To the extent of 
such assumption and/or payment, a repayment claim of JPL against the Issuer shall arise, which shall immediately 
be converted into a loan fully subordinated in favour of all other creditors of the Issuer to all other existing or future 
non-subordinated liabilities of the Issuer (subordination pursuant to Article 725 para. 2 CO). This full general 
subordination shall remain effective as long as the loan exists in its respective valid version. As of June 30, 2021, 
this arrangement also includes the outstanding trade payables and the expected payments from provisions as of 
June 30, 2021. JPL thus guarantees the continuation of 21Shares AG's business activities. In addition, the Issuer 
has liabilities to other companies in the Group (Jura Pentium AG, Jura Pentium Inc., Amun Holdings Limited and 
Amun Limited), all of which are also subordinated pursuant to Art. 725 para. 2 CO to all other existing or future 
non-subordinated liabilities of the Company in favour of all other creditors of the Issuer. This subordination shall 
also remain effective for as long as there are outstanding amounts due to these group companies. For the period 
of such full general subordination, the subordinated claims shall be deferred. 
Jura Pentium AG and Jura Pentium Inc. are the intra group service providers for Amun Holdings Limited affiliated 
business entities and manage corporate activities for the group. Intercompany service costs are settled internally 
through transfer pricing. In accordance with the Amun Holdings Limited group company transfer pricing policy,

--- Page 101 ---
99 
 
 
the Issuer pays intercompany service fees to Jura Pentium AG, its primary service provider operating in Zurich. 
The Issuer recorded USD 12.9 million service fees to Jura Pentium AG during the half year ending 30 June 2022. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer had a payable balance of USD 6.2 million to Jura Pentium AG. In June 2022 the 
Issuer transferred its corporate digital assets portfolio to Jura Pentium AG and reduced the intercompany liability. 
Details of the borrowing balances between the Issuer and its related parties are disclosed below (the table below 
has been extracted from the unaudited interim IFRS financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2022): 
 
Save as stated above in this section, the Issuer is not dependent on any upon other entities within the group. 
Through its shareholding in the Issuer, Amun Holdings Limited (and indirectly Samer Rashwan) can exercise a 
material influence over the Issuer. However, in certain respects, the provisions in the Swiss Code of Obligations 
regarding stock corporations regarding powers and responsibilities of different corporate bodies of the Issuer and 
regarding protection of creditor’s interests, limit the influence of Amun Holdings Limited and Samer Rashwan. 
e. Share Capital 
As at the date hereof, the share capital of 21Shares AG amounts to CHF 100,000, divided into 5,000,000 
registered shares with a face value of CHF 0.02 each. The shares are paid-up in the amount of 50%. 
The share capital has been paid in by way of a contribution in kind. Pursuant to an agreement dated 20 July 2018, 
the Issuer has received 4,93487781 Bitcoin (BTC) and 40 Ethereum (ETH) in exchange for the 5,000,000 
registered shares with a face value of CHF 0.02 each. 
The share capital is held in its entirety by Amun Holdings Limited. 
f. 
No Regulatory Status 
21Shares AG is not authorised or subject to prudential supervision by FINMA or any other regulatory authority. 
g. Business 
21Shares AG is a special purpose vehicle created to carry out the very limited activities described in this Base 
Prospectus. 21Shares AG was set up to issue exchange traded products and other financial products linked to 
the performance of Crypto Assets such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum Ether (ETH), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ripple 
(XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Stellar Lumens (XLM) and EOS (EOS) and indices of Crypto Assets. The Issuer will also 
engage in other activities related to the issuance of the Exchange Traded Products and the maintenance of the 
Programme and the creation of new crypto-linked financial products. It does not have other revenue generating 
business activities. In other words, the Issuer is engaged in issuing exchange-traded products (ETP) that track 
the investment results of the underlying crypto assets. Each ETP is 100% collateralised by the underlying crypto

--- Page 102 ---
100 
 
 
asset and/or other eligible assets. In 2018, 21Shares AG built HODL, the world's first crypto ETP on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange. As at the date hereof, 21Shares AG offers over 39 crypto exchange-traded products available 
in CHF, EUR, GBP, & USD across Europe and Dubai. 
 
As at the date hereof, 21Shares AG has ETPs admitted to trading at the following regulated markets Nasdaq 
Stockholm, Wiener Börse, Deutsche Börse, SIX Swiss Exchange, BX Swiss, Börse Düsseldorf, Börse Stuttgart, 
Euronext and Börse München. 
h. Business Outlook and Recent Developments 
While currently this Programme is the Issuer’s only product, the Issuer may expand its product suite to include 
other financial products catered to crypto investors and the broader crypto market.  
The business description contained herein is accurate at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
i. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the management of 21Shares AG’s business. 
Under Swiss company law, the board of directors has the following non-transferable and inalienable duties:  
(i)  
overall direction of the company and issuing the necessary directives;  
(ii)  
determining the way the company is organised;  
(iii)  
appointing and dismissing the persons entrusted with management and representation and determining the 
method of signature;  
(iv)  
ultimate supervision of the persons entrusted with company management;  
(v)  
organisation of accounting, financial control and financial planning, to the extent that the latter is necessary 
for management of the company;  
(vi)  
drawing up the annual report;  
(vii)  preparing for the general meeting and executing its decisions, and  
(viii)  notifying the judiciary should the company become over-indebted.  
The Board of Directors currently comprises two members (including the Chairman), both of which are executive 
directors.

--- Page 103 ---
101 
 
 
The following table lists the Board of Directors of 21Shares AG: 
Name 
Position held 
Hany Rashwan 
Chairman 
Ophelia Snyder 
Director 
The business address of the directors of 21Shares AG is Dammstrasse 19, 6300 Zug, Switzerland.  
Hany Rashwan, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of Jura Pentium Limited 
Prior to founding Jura Pentium Limited, Mr. Rashwan built the first in-stream social commerce “buy button” on 
Facebook and Twitter through his start-up Ribbon in 2012, a product that was used by thousands of merchants 
including retailers such as Target Corporation. He most recently started and founded Payout, whose payouts, 
disbursements, and compliance APIs were used by top online lenders. Payout was successfully sold to a payroll 
company in the second quarter of 2017.  
Mr. Rashwan holds a Bachelor’s in History from Columbia University, magna cum laude, with great distinction. 
Ophelia Snyder, Chief Product Officer and Co-Founder of Jura Pentium Limited 
Ms. Snyder has worked in a number of positions in the finance industry, including at UBS and Evercore, as a 
technology, media and telecommunications investment banker, and at The Westly Group, as a venture capitalist. 
In addition, she spent several years in the entertainment industry in communications and fundraising for 
documentaries, including Emmy-award winning “Mission Blue”.  
Ms. Snyder holds a Bachelor of Science from Stanford University and an MBA from New York University Stern 
School of Business. 
j. 
Conflict of interests  
Key personnel in the Issuer, or any of its affiliates, including the respective directors and equity owners thereof, 
each has certain exposure to the broader cryptocurrency market, which may represent a significant portion of their 
individual net worth or of their institutional investment pool. Such persons or entities are under no obligation to 
disclose their holdings, changes in the value of their holdings, any trading activity in those holdings or which 
Underlyings or Underlying Components they transact in. 
In addition, the Issuer or any of its affiliates may transact in Crypto Assets on its own account, including in 
relationship to the payment of management fees.  
The Issuer and its affiliates (which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled 
by, or is under common control with, the Issuer) may hold, retain, buy or sell Products, the Underlying or the 
Underlying Components (each, as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) at any time. See “Risk Factors—
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer—Potential Conflicts of Interest”. They may also enter into transactions relating 
to or derivative of Products, in such amounts, with such purchasers and/or counterparties and at such prices

--- Page 104 ---
102 
 
 
(including at different prices) and on such terms as any such entity may determine, be it as part of its business 
and/or any hedging transactions as described in this Base Prospectus or for any other reason. There is no 
obligation upon the Issuer to sell all of the Products of any issue. The Products of any issue may be offered or sold 
in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise at prevailing market prices or in negotiated 
transactions, at the discretion of the Issuer, subject as provided above.  
Save as set out in the preceding paragraphs, none of the members of the Board of Directors has a private interest 
or other duties resulting from their directorship of other companies, enterprises, undertakings or otherwise, that 
may be in conflict with the interests of the Issuer. 
k. Statutory Auditors 
The following firm has been appointed for the purpose of auditing the Issuer’s financial statements: 
Copartner Revision AG, St. Alban-Anlage 46, 4052 Basel, Switzerland (the Auditor). The Auditor is a member of 
EXPERTsuisse, the Swiss Expert Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary. 
The Issuer’s annual reports for the period ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, respectively, have 
been audited by the Auditor. The information in this Base Prospectus has not been audited or reviewed by the 
Auditor. 
l. 
Publications 
According to its articles of association, currently dated 14 February 2020, 21Shares AG will publish its statutory 
publications in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commence (Schweizerisches Handelsamtsblatt). Notices to 
shareholders are given by publication in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commence. 
m. Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 December of each year. The Issuer prepares annual financial 
statements in accordance with the Swiss Code of Obligations and International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS).  
As and when available, the Issuer’s annual and interim financial statements are made available at the Issuer’s 
website (https://21shares.com/ir#financials). This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than 
where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the SFSA. 
The audited IFRS financial statements for the period 1 January 2020 to December 31 2020, the audited IFRS 
financial statements for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 and the unaudited interim IFRS financial 
statements for the period ended 30 June 2022 are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
section “Incorporation by Reference”).  
The financial statements for the period ending on 31 December 2021 were given an unqualified auditor’s opinion 
by the Auditor. 
The financial statements for the period ending on 31 December 2020 were given an unqualified auditor’s opinion 
by the Auditor, but were accompanied with the following statements due to a) over-indebtedness and b) insufficient 
internal control system:

--- Page 105 ---
103 
 
 
“In our opinion, the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 give a true and fair view of the financial 
position, the results of operations and the cash flows in accordance with Swiss GAAP FER and comply with Swiss law 
and the company’s articles of incorporation. 
Without qualifying our opinion, we draw attention to the fact that that the company is overindebted as per art. 725 para. 
2 CO. Due to the fact that creditors of 21Shares AG have subordinated their claims amounting to CHF 5’442’179.02 
(USD 6’156’701.13), the Board of Directors has refrained from notifying the court. 
Report on Other Legal Requirements 
We confirm that we meet the legal requirements on licensing according to the Auditor Oversight Act (AOA) and 
independence (article 728 CO and article 11 AOA) and that there are no circumstances incompatible with our 
independence. 
Based on our audit in accordance with article 728a paragraph 1 item 3 CO and Swiss Auditing Standard 890, we have 
determined that an internal control system designed for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the 
instructions of the Board of Directors is not documented in writing in all material respects as the company is a special 
purpose vehicle and uses third parties for the preparation of its financial statements. 
In our opinion, the internal control system does not comply with Swiss law and therefore we cannot confirm the 
existence of an internal control system for the preparation of financial statements.” 
Similar statements were included also in the financial statements for the period ending on 31 December 2019 due 
to the same reasons. 
n. Material contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of business 
On 8 May 2019, the Issuer entered into a subordination agreement with its affiliate Jura Pentium Limited 
(previously called Amun Technologies Limited), whereby the latter agreed to subordinate loans granted to the 
Issuer. Jura Pentium Limited has assumed and assumes all past, present and future liabilities of the Issuer other 
than as a result of, or arising under, any ETP issued by the Issuer in order to keep it solvent. 
o. Dividends 
The Issuer has not paid any dividends since its foundation and incorporation. 
p. Borrowing and funding structure 
Short-term borrowings 
The Issuer was granted a Line of Credit (LOC) for a maximum amount of USD 542'192 (CHF 518'000) as part of 
the COVID‐19 Start‐up Loan Guarantee program in 2020 from Bank Zarattini & Co. SA in its role as a lender. The 
LOC bears no interest. The Issuer currently has a balance of USD 500'758 (CHF 478'414) outstanding. The Issuer 
intends to reduce the loan balance in the second half of 2022.  
Changes in borrowing balances between the Issuer and its related parties 
Details of the borrowing balances between the Issuer and its related parties are disclosed below (the table below 
has been extracted from the unaudited interim IFRS financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2022):

--- Page 106 ---
104 
 
 
 
Other funding aspects 
Management fees represent the Issuer's main source of income and are determined by the amount of Assets 
Under Management (AUM), the predetermined management fee rate, and the price of cryptocurrencies. The 
Issuer earned a gross management fee of USD 17.3 million and USD 11.5m net of revenue share (2021 half year: 
USD 11.0 million gross and USD 6.9m net). The Issuer also earned staking rewards of USD 14.9 million (2021 
half year: USD 65.9 thousand) from participating and contributing to the various blockchain networks. The revenue 
generated was offset by cost of sales and intercompany service fees. Cost of sales relate to direct expenses 
related to our revenue streams. Intercompany service fees are settled internally through transfer pricing. 2022 half 
year expenses include mainly cost of sales of USD 2.9 million (2021 half year: USD 1.8 million) and intercompany 
service fees of USD 12.8 million (2021 half year: USD 6.3 million). The Company also recorded a financial loss of 
USD 11 million (2021 half year: USD 1.4 million gain) due primarily to crypto price fluctuations. This resulted in a 
net profit for the half year period of USD 610 thousand (2021 half year: net profit of USD 1.5 million). 
The Issuer achieved a milestone in 2021 by making sufficient profit to turn its accumulated deficit to positive 
retained earnings. There has been no significant change in the Issuer’s capital position other than the increase 
from the net profit generated during the first half year 2022 of USD 610,463.

--- Page 107 ---
105 
 
 
PROGRAMME INDICES 
. 
The information in this section (Programme Indices) consists only of information provided to the Issuer by Jura 
Pentium AG and MVIG. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Jura Pentium AG and MVIG, no facts 
have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The information 
below 
is 
subject 
to 
change. 
The 
current 
index 
guide 
at 
any 
time 
will 
be 
available 
on 
https://marketvector.com/indices/digital-assets or https://21shares.com/ir#index-guide. No information from the 
Issuer’s website or any other website listed herein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. For the 
purposes of this section (Programme Indices) only, the term "calculation agent" means CryptoCompare (as defined 
below) or any other calculation agent appointed by MVIG. 
The 21Shares Index  
The aim of the 21Shares Crypto Basket Index (21CB, HODL 5 or the 21Shares Index) is to track the financial 
performance of the top and most liquid crypto-assets, as well as to provide a professional benchmark for the 
broader Crypto Asset class. Due to the fact that the crypto market is relatively new, the health of the 21Shares 
Index will be evaluated on an ongoing basis every quarter by the 21Shares Index Committee. 
The 21Shares Index is owned by Jura Pentium AG. Jura Pentium AG has selected an index administrator, 
MarketVector Indexes GmbH (MVIG) to maintain the 21Shares Index. MVIG is a third party service provider 
and is not related to the Issuer or Jura Pentium AG. MVIG is the administrator of the 21Shares Index for the 
purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(Benchmark Regulation). MVIG is included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
and consequently the 21Shares Index is provided by an administrator included in said register.  
The 21Shares Index is calculated with the constituent prices converted to U.S. Dollars, on a daily basis between 
00:00 and 24:00 (CET/CEST seasonally). Dissemination is in conducted in U.S. Dollars. Real-time index values 
are calculated with the latest available CCCAGG Price Index prices each 15 seconds. The closing values are 
calculated at 17:00:00 CET/CEST with fixed 17:00 CET/CEST exchange rates. The 21Shares Index has the 
following identifiers: 
Index Type 
ISIN 
SEDOL 
WKN 
Bloomberg 
Reuters 
Price Return Index 
DE000SLA6E78 
BGMJ4K4 
BGMJ4K4 
HODL5 
HODL5 
The 21Shares Index was launched on 6 September 2018, with a base index value of 100.00 as at 31 December 
2016. 
Vinter 21Shares Crypto Indices 
The Issuer may elect to use an index forming part of the Vinter 21Shares Crypto Indexes. The Vinter 21Shares 
Crypto Indexes are a family of benchmarks, owned by 21Shares. The indexes were developed to provide a 
rulebased and transparent way to track the value of a portfolio. Each index measures the value of an investment 
strategy. The index methodology and further information regarding the Vinter 21Shares Crypto Indexes are

--- Page 108 ---
106 
 
 
available at: https://methodology.vinter.co/21shares/crypto-baskets. The benchmark administrator is Invierno AB 
(Vinter). The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) has included Vinter in its register referred to in 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation and consequently any indices provided by Vinter are provided by an 
administrator included in said register. 
 
Vinter ByteTree BOLD Indices 
The Issuer may elect to use an index forming part of the Vinter ByteTree BOLD Indexes.The Vinter ByteTree 
BOLD Indexes are a family of benchmarks, owned by Bytetree Asset Management Limited. The indexes are 
developed to provide a rule-based and transparent way to track the value of a portfolio consisting of Bitcoin and 
Gold. Each index measures the value of an investment strategy. The index methodology and further information 
regarding the Vinter ByteTree BOLD Indexes are available at:https://methodology.vinter.co/bytetree/bold . 
The benchmark administrator is Vinter.  
 
 
S&P Dow Jones 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (S&P DJI) is the benchmark administrator for the S&P Bitcoin Dynamic Rebalancing 
Risk Control 40% Index and the S&P Ethereum Dynamic Rebalancing Risk Control 40% Index (benchmarks).  S&P 
DJI is an administrator located in the United States and for the purposes of Regulation 2016/1011 is an 
administrator located outside of the EU. 21Shares is using the benchmarks as reference for the financial 
instrument in accordance with Article 51(5) of Regulation 2016/1011. 
 
Other Indices  
The Issuer may elect to use other indices (other than the indices described above), which shall be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The underlying constituents of such other indices will consist of Crypto Assets and/or 
Commodity Assets and will be administered by an index administrator duly registered for the purposes of the 
Benchmark Regulation. 
 
Where required, a description of such additional index will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the 
issue of the Products related to such additional index or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
107 
 
 
 
Additional Disclaimers Applicable to Products where the 21Shares Index is the Underlying 
The Products issued under the Programme are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by MarketVector 
Indexes GmbH (Licensor). Licensor makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of 
any Product issued under the Programme or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in 
securities generally or in any Product issued under the Programme particularly or the ability of the Index (“Index”) 
to track the performance of the digital assets market. Licensor’s only relationship to the Licensee is the licensing 
of certain service marks and trade names of Licensor and of the Index that is determined, composed and calculated 
by Licensor without regard to the Licensee or to any Product issued under the Programme. Licensor has no 
obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or the owners of any Product issued under the Programme into 
consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Index. Licensor is not responsible for, and has not 
participated in, the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the Product to be issued or in the 
determination or calculation of the equation by which any Product issued under the Programme is to be converted 
into cash. Licensor has no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of any 
Product issued under the Programme.  
Licensor is a subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation. No Product issued under the Programme is 
sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Van Eck Associates Corporation or any other VanEck entity (altogether 
VanEck). VanEck makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, nor accepts any responsibility, 
regarding the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, or the advisability of investing in securities or 
financial instruments, or in any Product issued under the Programme. 
The Licensor has contracted with CryptoCompare Data Limited to maintain and calculate the Index. No Product 
issued under the Programme is sponsored, promoted, sold or supported in any other manner by CryptoCompare 
Data Limited and CryptoCompare Data Limited does not offer any express or implicit guarantee or assurance 
either with regard to the results of using the Index and/or Index trade mark or the Index Price at any time or in any 
other respect. The Index is calculated and published by CryptoCompare Data Limited. CryptoCompare Data 
Limited uses its best efforts to ensure that the Index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards 
the Issuer, CryptoCompare Data Limited has no obligation to point out errors in the Index to third parties including 
but not limited to investors and/or financial intermediaries of the financial instrument. Neither publication of the 
Index by CryptoCompare Data Limited nor the licensing of the Index or Index trade mark for the purpose of use in 
connection with the financial instrument constitutes a recommendation by CryptoCompare Data Limited to invest 
capital in said financial instrument nor does it in any way represent an assurance or opinion of CryptoCompare 
Data Limited with regard to any investment in this financial instrument. CryptoCompare Data Limited is not 
responsible for fulfilling the legal requirements concerning the accuracy and completeness of the financial 
instrument’s prospectus. 
LICENSOR AND/OR VANECK SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, 
OR INTERRUPTIONS, AND MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO 
BE OBTAINED BY OWNERS OF ANY PRODUCT ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME OR ANY 
OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF ANY PRODUCT ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. LICENSOR MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEX OR ANY DATA 
INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
LICENSOR AND/OR VANECK HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR INDIRECT,

--- Page 110 ---
108 
 
 
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY THEREOF. 
 
NEITHER S&P DOW JONES INDICES NOR ITS THIRD PARTY LICENSORS GUARANTEES THE 
ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE S&P BITCOIN 
DYNAMIC REBALANCING RISK CONTROL 40% INDEX AND S&P ETHEREUM DYNAMIC 
REBALANCING RISK CONTROL 40% INDEX, ANY INFORMATIONAL MATERIALS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE INDEX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY COMMUNICATION, INCLUDING BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ELECTRONIC 
COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO.  S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND ITS THIRD 
PARTY LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR ANY 
ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR DELAYS THEREIN.  S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND THIRD PARTY 
LICENSORS MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR 
AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE LICENSEE, OWNERS OF THE S&P BITCOIN DYNAMIC 
REBALANCING RISK CONTROL 40% INDEX AND S&P ETHEREUM DYNAMIC REBALANCING 
RISK CONTROL 40% INDEX, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE S&P 
BITCOIN DYNAMIC REBALANCING RISK CONTROL 40% INDEX AND S&P ETHEREUM DYNAMIC 
REBALANCING RISK CONTROL 40% INDEX, INFORMATIONAL MATERIALS WITH RESPECT TO 
THE INDEX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED THERETO.  WITHOUT LIMITING ANY 
OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL S&P DOW JONES INDICES OR ITS 
THIRD PARTY LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, 
TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR GOODWILL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR 
OTHERWISE.  S&P DJI HAS NOT PREPARED, REVIEWED AND/OR CERTIFIED ANY PORTION OF, 
NOR DOES S&P HAVE ANY CONTROL OVER, THE LICENSEE ETF REGISTRATION STATEMENT, 
PROSPECTUS OR OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS.  THERE ARE NO THIRD PARTY 
BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES AND THE LICENSEE, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES.

--- Page 111 ---
109 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN  
UNDERLYINGS OR UNDERLYING COMPONENTS 
The following is a summary description of certain Underlyings or Underlying Components intended to be used in 
respect of certain Products issued by the Issuer under the Programme. Investment decisions should not be made 
solely on the basis of this summary description. It is the responsibility of Investors to ensure that they have 
sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, regulatory, 
accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in Products issued under the 
Programme, including with respect to the Underlyings or Underlying Components. 
The information in this section (General Description of Certain Underlyings or Underlying Components) consists 
only of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available information (including on Bitcoin.org, Stellar.org, 
Ethereum.org, BitcoinCash.org, Litecoin.org, Block.one, Ripple.com, and metalsfocus.com). Such publicly 
available information was not prepared in connection with the offering of the Products. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by each of the relevant sources, no facts have been omitted which would 
render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
A prospective investor should note that the Underlyings or Underlying Components that are relevant in the context 
of a specific issuance of Products will consist only of the Underlyings or Underlying Components specified in the 
Final Terms applicable to the specific issuance of Products and that such Underlyings or Underlying Companents 
may be different that those described in this summary description. 
The Development of Blockchain Technology 
Following the launch of Bitcoin, there have been a growing number of other blockchains, which have been 
developed for a range of purposes from file storage to payments. Most but not all Crypto Assets are based on the 
original code of either the Bitcoin or the Ethereum blockchain.  
Bitcoin was the first blockchain ever developed. In 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto, a pseudonym for an individual (or 
possibly a group of individuals), published a research paper describing a new digital currency called Bitcoin. 
Shortly thereafter, in 2009, this individual mined the first 50 Bitcoins, known as the genesis block. To date, no 
individual or group has been reliably identified as the creator of the Bitcoin Network and these creators disappeared 
shortly after the mining of the genesis block.  
Initially, the network was formed by a small group of initial participants and only began to gain traction after the 
first year of operations. It has since evolved into a vast peer to peer payments network with no centralised authority. 
Today the Bitcoin Network is maintained by a growing number of miners, developers, Wallet Providers, software 
companies, and account holders. Since Bitcoin is, at its core, an open source project, there is no official 
organisation or authority that governs the codebase (a computer programme). However, there are a number of 
groups who unofficially promote and maintain the network. 
Ethereum was created later and initially released in 2015, based on an initial description of the project by 
programmer Vitalik Buterin in 2013. Bitcoin lacks a scripting language and is therefore considered by some to be 
an imperfect platform for writing decentralised applications. After failing to add scripting to Bitcoin, Ethereum was 
built as a platform for this application development capability and was initially funded through a crowd sale where 
participants bought the currency Ether (ETH) with Bitcoin (BTC) in 2014. Ethereum has been used as a platform 
powering numerous decentralised applications, smart contracts, and initial coin offerings.

--- Page 112 ---
110 
 
 
Since the code behind Bitcoin is open-source, companies and individuals are able to use its codebase to create a 
new project, in what is called a fork. This has happened multiple times with numerous recorded Bitcoin forks. There 
were two major Bitcoin forks and both are represented in the original and initial version of the 21Shares HODL5 
Crypto Index.  
● 
In 2011, Charlie Lee changed three key parameters of the Bitcoin code – increasing the total supply of the 
currency to 84 million Litecoins (LTC) from Bitcoin’s 21 million, reducing target block confirmation time to 
2.5 minutes, and implementing an ASIC (application-specific integrated circuit)-resistant memory-hard Proof 
of Work algorithm (which reduced the risk of centralised mining) – creating Litecoin.  
● 
In 2017, a group of Bitcoin developers forked Bitcoin, this time creating a replica of the blockchain (a hard 
fork), in an attempt to resolve perceived problems with Bitcoin’s scalability, as transaction times were taking 
a long time, making the currency unattractive for small transactions. This new currency was called Bitcoin 
Cash and is mostly distinguished by a block size limit of 8 megabytes (as opposed to Bitcoin’s 1 megabyte) 
as well as a difficulty adjustment algorithm. The block rewards, target block time, and supply limit are 
identical to Bitcoin, 12.5, 10 minutes, and 21 million respectively. 
Ripple refers to both an open payments network and the crypto currency (also referred to as XRP) associated with 
it. In this way, Ripple is all of a real-time gross settlement system (RTGS), currency exchange, remittance network, 
and crypto currency. The Ripple protocol is built on top of an open source and distributed consensus ledger (a 
blockchain) using the decentralised digital currency XRP. While this was created and is today maintained by Ripple 
Labs Inc., an American corporation, the network can operate without Ripple Labs Inc. XRP is an example of a pre-
mined digital asset. 
While, for example, Bitcoin is a mined digital asset, XRP is pre-mined in the sense that every single unit of the 
currency that will ever exist has already been created at the beginning of the network with a grand total of one 
hundred billion XRP. Most are owned by Ripple (55 billion of which was placed in escrow for supply predictability, 
so that the maximum supply that can enter the market can be mathematically verified and the rest held by 
companies and individuals). Ripple also is much faster than Bitcoin in terms of transaction speeds: 3 seconds for 
Ripple; 20 minutes to an hour for Bitcoin. It is also much cheaper than Bitcoin: A transaction costs about USD 
0.004 on RippleNet versus about USD 40 on Bitcoin network.  
Banks, payment providers and digital asset exchanges process and provide liquidity for payments on RippleNet, 
creating new, competitive cross-border payments services for their customers. XRP has significant support from 
major global financial institutions in 75 countries including: Santander, Royal Bank of Canada, MUFG, BMO, 
Standard Chartered, Credit Agricole, BBVA, Unicredit and American Express.  
Other blockchains: There are a number of different blockchains, including the ones that power Bitcoin, Ethereum, 
Ripple, Monero, and others. These chains may be more centralised and may not feature all of the characteristics 
described above. New chains may be created at any time, which may differ significantly in terms of their underlying 
technology.  
Mining 
As more participants join or leave the network and the number of transactions rises, the network itself cannot verify 
and confirm transactions anymore, which would result in an information gap in the transaction chain and thus 
undermine the idea of the network. In order to solve this problem, the blockchain codebase provides for blocks of 
a given size (e.g., Bitcoin’s 1 megabyte) and allocates a computationally complex numeric problem (a “hash”, 
which is a 64-digit hexadecimal number) to each block. The mining process involves compiling recent transactions 
(which vary in size) into the blocks and trying to solve the numeric problem, once the block reaches its fixed size.

--- Page 113 ---
111 
 
 
Solving the numeric problem requires great computing power. For that matter, it is the computing power that gives 
legitimacy to the information chain of the transactions and thus stability to the cryptocurrency. The miner who first 
solves the numeric problem gets to place the next block on the blockchain and claim the rewards for successfully 
completing a block and confirming the transactions contained in the block. Therefore, mining is the process by 
which transactions are verified and confirmed, reaching consensus in the network (distributed consensus), and, 
as a result of this agreement, displayed on the public ledger, which is the blockchain, and also the means through 
which new coins are released into circulation, meaning that new coins are constantly created by huge datacentres 
processing complex numeric problems, or “proof of work”. 
The rewards incentivise mining. Rewards may be both transaction fees associated with the transactions compiled 
in the block as well as newly released coins (provided for in the blockchain codebase). Cryptocurrency miners 
earn cryptocurrencies by confirming transactions and reaching consensus as a compensation for their computing 
power.  
Furthermore, mining can also give “voting power” when changes are proposed in the blockchain codebase. In 
other words, a successful miner has influence on the decision-making process on such matters as forking. 
A pre-mined Crypto Asset (e.g., Ripple), on the other hand, means that (unlike e.g., Bitcoin) there are no miners 
that validate transactions in exchange for transaction fees and newly created units. All of the units that will ever 
be created are already in existence. Therefore, a pre-mine is where a developer allocates a certain limited amount 
of currency credit to a particular address before releasing the source code to the open community.  
Pre-mined Crypto Assets are placed in a cryptographically-secured escrow account to create certainty of supply 
at any given time. By securing the Crypto Assets in escrow, it is possible to mathematically verify the maximum 
supply that can enter the market. This lockup eliminates the concern of flooding the market. Escrow allows a 
sender of Crypto Assets to put conditions on exactly when a payment can be completed, so the payment remains 
cryptographically locked until the due date. 
Due to the absence of the complex mining process, transactions in pre-mined Crypto Assets are also much faster.  
Staking 
Staking is the process of validating transactions on the blockchain through the use of committed deposits on the 
blockchain network. Every transaction on any blockchain requires validation from a node. In the case of proof of 
stake networks such as Solana or Tezos, this can be done without significant computing power by proving that the 
node is holding a certain amount of assets referred to as a roll. Similar to mining, these actions are incentivized 
through in-kind payments, known as staking rewards, from the network for the services performed. A portion of 
the collateral from this series will be used by the Custodian’s nodes to authenticate transactions on the Solana 
blockchain. Staking may come with a risk of loss of tokens from incurring penalties, through a process known as 
slashing. If a disruption such as downtime or double-signing occurs, validator nodes may be subject to slashing. 
Slashing is designed to incentivize node security, availability and network participation. Further, illiquidity of staking 
returns to be converted into bitcoin or stablecoin may be difficult if there is little to no volume of the staked asset. 
Solana and Tezos have a lock up period of 2 and 0 days respectively. While this presents no issue for Tezos, this 
may prevent all ASOL assets from being staked and/or may cause some delays in settlements. Rewards duration: 
similar to lockup periods, some staking assets may not pay out staking rewards daily and make re-investments 
delayed. Solana pays out every 2 days. This may cause some delays in reflecting staking rewards in the NAV. 
Staking rewards for any given network can vary tremendously based on the value of the network, the exchange 
rate of the assets to USD, the amount staked, the processing rate and the number of transactions on the network. 
Any staking rewards paid out as a result of the use of the collateral pool for staking will be added to the total value 
of the collateral pool less any applicable fees and commissions.

--- Page 114 ---
112 
 
 
Lending 
For certain specified products, the Issuer may enter into lending arrangements whereby it lends Underlying or 
Underlying Components to third parties to generate additional returns. Such lending is permitted only for Products 
which specifically disclose lending as a strategy in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, whether or not lending 
is permitted for any Product is disclosed on the Products' product page on the Issuer's website as well as on the 
corresponding fact sheet. Should the Issuer decide to enter into lending arrangements for Product, the Issuer shall 
give notice to Investors, with not less than 60 days' advance notice, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
For products that engage in lending, a lending arranger fee is applied, which can be up to 25% of any lending 
revenue generated. Lending must be on a fully collateralized basis, with borrowers posting collateral value at 100% 
or more of outstanding loan value.  
Investors should carefully consider the potential risks associated with lending which are discussed above. See 
“Risk Factors — Risk Factors Relating to the ETPs — Lending arrangements denominated in the Underlying or 
Underlying Components".  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus only the following Products are eligible to lend: 
• 
21Shares Bitcoin Core ETP 
• 
21Shares Ethereum Core ETP 
• 
21Shares USD Yield ETP 
For further information on whether a specific Product is eligible to lend, please refer to the Products's product page 
on the Issuer's website.  
Uses of Crypto Assets 
The use cases of Crypto Assets can include: 
● 
Data on the global market; 
● 
Exchange market; 
● 
Goods and Services; and/or 
● 
Peer to Peer Transactions;  
From a Swiss regulatory perspective, FINMA has published guidelines regarding the regulatory framework for 
Crypto Assets. FINMA has identified three different token categories:  
● 
Payment tokens: Payment tokens (synonymous with cryptocurrencies) are tokens which are intended to 
be used, now or in the future, as a means of payment for acquiring goods or services or as a means of 
money or value transfer. Cryptocurrencies give rise to no claims on their issuer. 
● 
Utility tokens: Utility tokens are tokens, which are intended to provide access digitally to an application or 
service by means of a blockchain-based infrastructure.

--- Page 115 ---
113 
 
 
● 
Asset tokens: Asset tokens represent assets such as a debt or equity claim on the issuer. Asset tokens 
promise, for example, a share in future company earnings or future capital flows. In terms of their economic 
function, therefore, these tokens are analogous to equities, bonds or derivatives. Tokens which enable 
physical assets to be traded on the blockchain also fall into this category. 
The individual token classifications are not mutually exclusive. Asset and utility tokens can also be classified as 
payment tokens (referred to as hybrid tokens). In these cases, the tokens are deemed to be both securities and 
means of payment (as defined below). 
If FINMA comes to the conclusion that the tokens constitute securities in the sense of the Financial Market 
Infrastructure Act (FMIA), they fall under securities regulation. Under the Swiss Stock Exchange Act (SESTA), 
book-entry of self-issued uncertificated securities currently is essentially unregulated, even if the uncertificated 
securities in question qualify as securities within the meaning of the FMIA. The same applies to the public offering 
of certain securities to third parties. The creation and issuance of derivative products as defined by FMIA to the 
public on the primary market is, however, regulated (see Article 3 para. 3 of the Swiss Stock Exchange Ordinance 
(SESTO)). Underwriting and offering tokens constituting securities of third parties publicly on the primary market, 
is, if conducted in a professional capacity, a licensed activity (Article 3 para. 2 SESTO). 
The issuing of tokens that are analogous to equities or bonds can also result in prospectus requirements under 
the Swiss Code of Obligations (CO). According to the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) (not yet in force) 
prospectus requirements will become part of supervisory law (Article 37 FinSA). The CO provides, and FinSA will 
provide, for a number of different exceptions and exemptions. 
The issuing of tokens is not generally associated with claims for repayment and such tokens do not therefore fall 
within the definition of a deposit in the sense of the Swiss Banking Act (BA). To this extent there is no requirement 
to obtain a banking license because of such an activity. If, however, there are liabilities with debt capital character 
(e.g. promises to return capital with a guaranteed return), the funds raised are treated as deposits and there is a 
requirement under the BA to obtain a license unless exceptions apply. 
The provisions of the CISA are relevant only if the funds accepted in the context of an issuance of tokens are 
managed by third parties. 
The issuing of payment tokens constitutes the issuing of a means of payment subject to anti-money laundering 
regulation (i.e., the Swiss Anti-Money Laundering Act (AMLA)) as long as the tokens can be transferred technically 
on a blockchain infrastructure. This may be the case at the time of the issuance of tokens or only at a later date. 
In the case of utility tokens, anti-money laundering regulation is not applicable as long as the main reason for 
issuing the tokens is to provide access rights to a non-financial application of blockchain technology (see Article 2 
para. 2 let. a no. 3 Anti-Money Laundering Ordinance, FINMA Circular 11/1 “Financial intermediation under AMLA” 
margin no. 13 et seq.). 
The Issuer complies with all applicable AMLA requirements and has established in-house procedures to monitor 
such compliance on an on-going basis for all partners and service providers, including but not limited to Authorised 
Participants, Custodians, Wallet Providers and exchanges. 
Under current FINMA practice, the exchange of a cryptocurrency for fiat money or a different cryptocurrency falls 
under the AMLA. The same applies to the offering of services to transfer tokens if the service provider maintains 
the private key (custody Wallet Provider).

--- Page 116 ---
114 
 
 
Safety & Security: How are Crypto Assets stored? 
After purchase, Crypto Assets regularly are stored in a “digital wallet” on a computer, laptop or smartphone. Digital 
wallets, similar to a bank account, identify the participant and allow transactions. These digital wallets are usually 
protected by a private key or password. Digital wallets also usually have a public key and a private key or a 
password, which allows access and thus authority to dispose of the Crypto Assets.  
Exchanges and Liquidity  
There are several trading venues for Crypto Assets. See below the list of exchanges meeting the criteria of the 
21Shares HODL5 Crypto Index, by currency. This list is not exhaustive but gives a sense of the range of available 
options. All of these exchanges meet the following criteria: (a) the cryptocurrencies can be traded against fiat 
currencies, (b) there is transparency by the publication of prices, and (c) the trading venue has an “application 
programming interface” and the website is in the English language at least.  
● 
Bitcoin: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Gemini 
● 
Ethereum: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Gemini  
● 
Ripple: Bitstamp, Kraken, Korbit  
● 
Bitcoin Cash: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Bithumb, Korbit  
● 
Litecoin: Coinbase Pro, Bithumb, Bitstamp  
● 
Polkadot: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Bithumb, Korbit 
● 
Cosmos: Coinbase Pro, Bitstamp, Kraken, Bithumb, Korbit 
Information on past performance is available on any of these company websites (among others) free of charge:  
● 
Pro.Coinbase.com 
● 
Bitstamp.com 
● 
Kraken.com 
● 
Coinbase.com 
● 
CoinMarketCap.com 
● 
CryptoCompare.com. 
The Issuer does not take responsibility for the contents of these websites, nor are they incorporated by reference 
herein. Such websites do not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by 
the SFSA.

--- Page 117 ---
115 
 
 
Commodity Asset Market Overview 
The Issuer believes that two factors set precious metals apart from other commodities: precious metals can be 
stored in a vault at low cost without deteriorating and, whether as coins, jewellery or bullion, precious metals can 
be used as a store of value. While silver and gold have a history which is thousands of years old, platinum and 
palladium have a much shorter history. The primary source of these four precious metals is mining, but all can 
be recycled. Their main uses are industrial and jewellery applications. 
 
Gold 
 
One factor which separates gold from other precious metals is that there are large above-ground stocks which 
can be quickly mobilised. As a result of gold’s liquidity, gold often acts more like a currency than a commodity. 
Over the past ten years, (new) mine production of gold has experienced a modest rise of an average of 2 per 
cent. per annum. Of the three sources of supply, mine production accounted for nearly 75 per cent. of total 
supply in 2021. Jewellery is clearly the greatest source of demand followed by physical investment demand and 
central bank buying. 
Silver 
Like gold, silver has also been used as a currency in the past. However, the main differences between gold and 
silver is that more than half of gold demand comes from jewellery while more than half of silver demand comes 
from industrial uses. New mine production accounts for approximately 80 per cent. of total silver supply. 
Recycled silver accounts for around 19 per cent. of total supply. Recycled silver has remained below 200 million 
ounces since 2013. Industrial applications account for the largest share of silver demand followed by jewellery 
and silverware. 
 
Palladium 
 
Russia has traditionally been the largest producer of palladium, providing on average 40 per cent. of supply over 
the past 10 years. South Africa is the second largest producer which provides just under 40 per cent. on average 
of total global mine supply. Zimbabwe, Canada and the United States are other key producers of palladium. 
Autocatalysts are the largest component of palladium demand, representing close to 82 per cent. of total 
demand in 2021. Jewellery accounted for around 2 per cent. of total palladium demand in 2021. A small amount 
of palladium demand also comes from dental and chemical applications.  
 
Platinum 
 
The main supplier of platinum is South Africa, providing over 70 per cent. of total mine supply over the past five 
years. Russia is the second largest supplier of platinum providing around 12 per cent. of total mine supply over 
the past five years. Recovery of platinum from autocatalysts is the other main source of supply and it increases 
along with autocatalyst production. Over the past decade, jewellery demand for platinum has fallen steadily 
since 2013. Autocatalysts are the largest demand segment for platinum. 
 
Storage 
 
Allocated Accounts 
 
An allocated account is an account held with a dealer in a customer’s name evidencing that uniquely identifiable 
bars of metal have been “allocated” to the customer and are segregated from other metal held in the vault of that

--- Page 118 ---
116 
 
 
dealer. The client has full title to this metal with the dealer holding it as custodian. The Issuer’s Commodity 
Assets are held in allocated form. 
 
Unallocated Accounts 
 
Most precious metals trade and settle in unallocated form. Metal held in this form does not entitle the holder to 
specific bars of metal but gives the holder a right to require the delivery of certain amounts of metal. Subject to 
the terms of a client’s account agreement, a client may make exchanges between allocated and unallocated 
accounts (provided the client has a sufficient balance). Transfers of Commodity Assets to the Issuer take place 
on an unallocated basis and the relevant assets are transferred into the Allocated Account of the Issuer at the 
Custodian. 
 
The Precious Metals Market 
 
Metals trading on the global market consists of transactions in spot contracts, forward contracts and options and 
other derivatives on the over-the-counter (OTC) market, together with exchange-traded futures and options. The 
OTC market trades for the majority of a 24-hour day and accounts for most global metal trading. 
 
Market makers, as well as others in the OTC market, trade with each other and with their clients on a principal-
to-principal basis. All risks and issues of credit are between the parties directly involved in the transaction. The 
OTC market provides a relatively flexible market in terms of quotes, price, size, destinations for delivery and 
other factors. Precious metal dealers customise transactions to meet clients’ requirements. The OTC market has 
no formal structure and no open-outcry meeting takes place. 
 
The main centres of the OTC market are London, Zurich, New York and Hong Kong. Central banks, producers 
and consumers of precious metals, together with investors and speculators, tend to transact their business 
through one of these market centres. Centres, such as Dubai, and several cities in the Far East also transact 
substantial OTC market business, typically involving jewellery and small bars (1 kilogram or less) and will hedge 
their exposure into one of the main centres. Precious metal dealers have offices around the world and most of 
the world’s major bullion dealers are either members or associate members of the LBMA and/or LPPM (see 
below). 
 
The most significant futures exchanges are the COMEX, a division of the New York Mercantile Exchange 
(NYMEX), the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT, a Chicago based E-Platform, now merged with the Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange) and the Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM). Trading on these exchanges is based on 
fixed delivery dates and transaction sizes for the futures and options contracts traded. Trading costs are 
negotiable. 
 
Liquidity in the OTC market can vary from time to time during the course of the 24-hour trading day. The period 
of greatest liquidity in the gold market is typically that time of the day when trading in the European time zones 
overlaps with trading in the United States, that is when OTC market trading in London, New York and other 
centres coincides with futures and options trading on the COMEX. This period lasts for approximately four hours 
each business day afternoon. 
 
The LPPM and LBMA 
 
Clearing in the physical precious metals market is primarily centred in Zurich and London for platinum and 
palladium and in London for silver and gold. There are two trade associations which act as the coordinator for 
activities conducted in these markets — the London Platinum and Palladium Market (LPPM) and the London 
Bullion Market Association (LBMA). The roles of both these associations include maintaining a “Good Delivery”

--- Page 119 ---
117 
 
 
list and ensuring that the physical bars meet the minimum standard of quality, coordinating market clearing and 
vaulting, promoting good trading practices and developing standard documentation. 
 
Good Delivery 
 
“Good Delivery” is the list of specifications to which a bar/ingot must adhere to be accepted for trading physical 
metal in the London precious metal markets. The standards required for platinum and palladium ingots to be 
included in the “London/Zurich Good Delivery List” are set out on the LPPM website. The standards required for 
gold and silver bars to be included in the “Good Delivery Lists” are set out in “The Good Delivery Rules for Gold 
and Silver Bars” published by the LBMA. A summary of these appear in the table below: 
 
 
 
The actual quantity of pure gold in a bar is expressed to three decimal places and is calculated by multiplying the 
gross weight (in ounces, to three decimal places) by the fineness (in per cent., to two decimal places). For 
example, a gold bar with a gross weight of 404.075 troy ounces and a fineness of 99.58 per cent. would be 
recorded as having a fine gold content of 402.377 fine troy ounces (there is no rounding up unless the fourth 
decimal is a nine). 
 
Even though a variety of smaller and exact weight bars are available in the market, the Issuer will only issue 
securities which are backed by Good Delivery bars. 
 
The Gold Bullion Market in Zurich 
 
After London, the second principal centre for spot or physical gold trading is Zurich. For eight hours a day, 
trading occurs simultaneously in London and Zurich—with Zurich normally opening and closing an hour earlier 
than London. During these hours, Zurich closely rivals London in its influence over the spot price because of the 
importance of the two major Swiss banks—Credit Suisse and Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS)—in the physical 
gold market. Each of these banks has long maintained its own refinery, often taking physical delivery of gold and 
processing it for other regional markets. The loco Zurich bullion specification is the same as for the London 
bullion market, which allows for gold physically located in Zurich to be quoted loco London and vice versa. 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit for platinum, palladium and silver is troy ounces (since the word “fine” is not used, the weight is 
irrespective of purity). For gold it is one fine troy ounce (“fine” meaning pure metal, i.e. the actual gold content 
based on 100 per cent. purity). The conversion factors between troy ounces and metric used by the Relevant 
Associations are: one troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes and one kilogramme equals 32.1507465 troy 
ounces. 
 
The Fixing Price 
The London market provides a metal pricing service whereby the fixing price is intended to represent the 
matching of orders from customers throughout the world. Historically the Fixings in each of the Relevant Markets 
took place by telephone every day on which members are open for dealing in London. Since 2014, a number of 
changes have been implemented to the Fixing Price for each type of Bullion to introduce new auction processes.

--- Page 120 ---
118 
 
 
Gold 
 
On 20 March 2015, ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”) began administering the operation of an electronic, 
tradable and auditable, over-the-counter auction market with the ability to settle trades in US dollars, Euros or 
Sterling for LBMA-authorised participating gold bullion banks or market makers (“Gold Participants”). This 
auction establishes a reference gold price for that day’s trading. This auction is the gold valuation replacement 
selected by the LBMA for the “London Gold Fix” previously determined by the London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. 
that was discontinued on 19 March 2015. The new auction process, like the previous gold fixing process, 
establishes and publishes fixed prices for fine troy ounces of gold twice each London trading day during fixing 
sessions beginning at 10:30 a.m. (the “LBMA AM Gold Price”) and 3:00 p.m. (the “LBMA PM Gold Price”). 
 
Silver 
 
On 2 October 2017, IBA began operating electronic auctions for spot, unallocated loco London silver, providing a 
market-based platform for buyers and sellers to trade. The auctions are run at 12:00pm London. The auction 
process runs on the ICE Trading Platform, which provides straight through processing (STP) for many firms and 
a full audit trail for compliance departments. This auction replaced the solution offered by CME Group Europe 
Limited (“CME”) and Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited (“Thomson Reuters”) that operated from 
15 August 2014. Prior to that a telephonic Silver fixing process was conducted by the silver fixing members. 
 
Platinum and Palladium 
 
On 1 December 2014, the London Metal Exchange (“LME”) began administering the operation of electronic 
platinum bullion price fixing systems (“LMEbullion”) that replicates electronically the manual London platinum 
and palladium fix processes previously employed by the London Platinum and Palladium Fixing Company 
Limited (“LPPFCL”) as well as providing electronic market clearing processes for platinum and palladium bullion 
transactions at the fixed prices established by the LME pricing mechanism. The LME’s electronic price fixing 
processes, like the previous London platinum and palladium fix processes, establishes and publishes fixed 
prices for troy ounces of platinum and palladium twice each London trading day during fixing sessions beginning 
at 9:45 a.m. (the “LME AM Fix” for platinum and palladium) and 2:00 p.m. (the “LME PM Fix” for platinum and 
palladium).

--- Page 121 ---
119 
 
 
OFFERING AND SALE 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for Products from the Issuer,  
acting as principals in respect of such subscriptions. 
General 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (Non-Exempt 
Offers) in Sweden and any EEA Member State to which the approval of this Base Prospectus is notified by the 
SFSA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each, a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction and, together, the 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions). Any person making or intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Products on 
the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent, as described below. 
In the context of any Non-Exempt Offer of Products, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (each, an Investor) who 
purchases any Products in a Non-Exempt Offer made by an Authorised Participant or another person that is an 
Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the offer period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the Offer Period). 
Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any offeror, 
and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any 
offer of the Products in any jurisdiction.  
Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer does not accept any responsibility 
or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Products by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for 
the purpose of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the Investor should take 
legal advice. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in 
connection with any Non-Exempt Offer of a Product in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions specified in the relevant 
Final Terms during the Offer Period by or to each of the following approved financial intermediaries (each, an 
Authorised Offeror): 
● 
each Authorised Participant which either: 
o 
is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror in the Final Terms; or 
o 
is expressly named as an Authorised Participant on the Issuer’s website: 
https://21shares.com/ir#authorised-participants (in which case, its name and address will be 
published on the Issuer’s website).

--- Page 122 ---
120 
 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of approval of this 
Base Prospectus. 
New information with respect to any financial intermediaries acting as Authorised Offerors that are unknown at the 
time of the approval of the Base Prospectus will be published on the Issuer’s website. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus also with respect to the subsequent 
resale or final placement of securities by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use this Base 
Prospectus. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Products 
The Issuer has and accepts no responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance 
by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, the financial intermediary will provide the 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Products from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Products to such Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-
Exempt Offer). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor, and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is 
made. None of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Authorised Offeror has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
The selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued 
in respect of the issue of the Products to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the Products any at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the SFSA, which allows for a public offering of the Products 
and/or admission to trading on a regulated market in Sweden, and any notification of the approval to other EEA 
Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a public offer in such 
Member States, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any Products 
or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Products in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Products or distribution of any offering 
material relating to any Products may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer.

--- Page 123 ---
121 
 
 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best of its 
knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Products or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised Participant shall have responsibility 
therefor. 
Switzerland 
Any relevant Final Terms and any other offering or marketing material for or in respect of Products which are to 
be sold exclusively to qualified investors as defined by article 10 para. 3, 3bis and 3ter of the Swiss Federal Act on 
Collective Investment Schemes (CISA) may not be distributed, copied, published or otherwise made publicly 
available.  
Any Products which are also to be distributed to non-qualified investors may only be offered or advertised in 
accordance with the provisions of the CISA and the Swiss Federal Ordinance on Collective Investment Schemes 
(CISO).  
European Economic Area  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation (each, a Relevant Member State), each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed that with 
effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member 
State (the Relevant Implementation Date) it has not made and will not make an offer of Products which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in that Relevant Member 
State, except that the Products may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, be offered 
to the public in that Relevant Member State:  
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Products specifies that an offer of those Products may be made by the 
Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State (a Non-Exempt Offer), following the date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation 
to such Products which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, 
where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, in the 
period (if any) beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised Participant or 
Authorised Participants nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Products referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as soon as possible prior to the respective offer.

--- Page 124 ---
122 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Products to the public” in relation to any Products in 
any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Products, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(and amendments thereto) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Products may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Products and which channels for distribution of the 
Products are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Products (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II), is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Products (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Authorised Participant subscribing for any Products is a manufacturer in respect of such Products, but otherwise 
neither the Authorised Participants nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a manufacturer or distributor 
for the purposes of MiFID II 
United States of America 
The Products have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer and sell Products at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or 
its possessions or for the account or benefit of any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) or any person that is not a Non-United States person (as defined by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission). Each Authorised Participant has further represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver Products except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S, and that 
none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to such Products, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Products within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Offering materials for the offering of the Products have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by the SEC 
or any other state or federal regulatory authority, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed 
the merits of this offering or passed upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering materials. Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
United Kingdom 
Each Authorised Participant of the Products has represented and agreed that:

--- Page 125 ---
123 
 
 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA)) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Products in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Products in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Where sales to retail investors is specified as prohibited in the applicable Final Terms, each Authorised Participant 
has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed to issue Products under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Products that are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed, supplemented, amended or replaced by such Final Terms to any retail investor 
in the UK. 
For purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA, and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Products. 
Cautionary statement regarding suitability and appropriateness restrictions 
The Products may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Products must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor 
may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:  
(i)  
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Products, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Products and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii)  
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Products and the impact the Products will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;

--- Page 126 ---
124 
 
 
(iii)  
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Products, 
including Products with principal in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal is different 
from the potential investor's currency;  
(iv)  
understands thoroughly the terms of the Products; and  
(v)  
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
No recommendations 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (i) is to be 
used as the basis of any credit assessment or other evaluation or (ii) is to be considered as a recommendation by 
the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus (or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme) should purchase any Products. Each Investor contemplating the purchase of any Products should 
make his or her own independent enquiries regarding the financial condition and business development of the 
Issuer and his or her own appraisal of their creditworthiness.

--- Page 127 ---
125 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Warning: Tax legislation in the investor’s home member state and the Issuer’s member state may have an impact 
on any return received from the Products.

--- Page 128 ---
126 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The Programme and the issuance of Products under the Programme have been duly authorised by the Board of 
Directors of 21Shares AG pursuant to a resolution dated as of 13 November 2018.  
Approval of the Programme 
The SIX Swiss Exchange has approved the Programme as of 13 November 2018. 
Clearing Systems 
The Products have been accepted for clearing through SIX SIS AG. In addition for the purpose of good delivery 
of the Products on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the Vienna Stock Exchange, the products are accepted for 
clearing through Clearstream and OeKB respectively. If the Products are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Recent events relevant for evaluation of Solvency 
On 8 May 2019, the Issuer entered into a subordination agreement with Jura Pentium Limited, whereby the latter 
agreed to subordinate loans granted to the Issuer. Jura Pentium Limited has assumed and assumes all past, 
present and future liabilities of the Issuer other than as a result of, or arising under, any ETP issued by the Issuer 
in order to keep it solvent. 
Save for the preceding paragraph, there has been no recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
Significant Change 
The Issuer achieved a milestone in 2021 by making sufficient profit to turn its accumulated deficit to positive 
retained earnings. There has been no significant change in the Issuer’s capital position other than the increase 
from the net profit generated during the first half year 2022 of USD 610,463. 
Trading portfolio assets of USD 844.5 million at 30 June 2022 (USD 2.32 billion at 31 December 2021) is in the 
form of cryptocurrencies held at the Issuer's custodians. The significant decrease is due to the drop in the prices 
of underlying cryptocurrencies. Net AUM inflows measured in cryptocurrency units remained positive during the 
first six months of 2022. 
Save as disclosed herein, there has been no (i) material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
31 December 2021, (ii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 
30 June 2022 to the date of this Base Prospectus and (iii) there has been no significant change in the financial 
position of the Issuer which has occurred since 30 June 2022. 
Trend Information 
Save as disclosed herein, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for the current financial year.

--- Page 129 ---
127 
 
 
Legal, Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings 
21Shares AG has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or have 
had during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position 
or prospects of 21Shares AG, nor are, so far as 21Shares AG is aware, any such proceedings pending or 
threatened. 
Reasons for the Offers and Use of Proceeds 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, the reason for any offer being made under the Base 
Prospectus is to generate general corporate income for the Issuer. Management fees represent the Issuer's main 
source of income and are determined by the amount of AUM, the predetermined management fee rate, and the 
price of cryptocurrencies. 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Products for the purchase of the Underlying or 
Underlying Component to be used as Collateral and for general corporate purposes. Please refer to “Collateral & 
Summary of Security Arrangements” for details of the collateralisation.  
Third Party Information 
No person is authorised to provide any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other information supplied by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. Investors should not rely upon information or representations that have not been given or confirmed 
by the Issuer.  
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties including, inter alia, under the 
caption “General Description of Certain Underlyings or Underlying Components”, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where such information used. 
No verification by other parties 
None of the Authorised Participants, the Administrators, Bank Frick & Co. AG (the Global Paying Agent), 
Coinbase Crypto Services, LLC (doing business as Bison Trails), the Custodian, the Collateral Agent, any Product 
Calculation Agent, any Index Calculation Agent, any Swiss Paying Agent or any listing agent has separately 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by such parties as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained herein, or any other further information prepared by the Issuer and supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any of the Products or their distribution. 
Post-Issuance Information 
The Issue Price and the number of the relevant Products will be determined before filing of the applicable Final 
Terms of each Series based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-
issuance information in relation to any of the indices or Products.  
Incorporation by Reference

--- Page 130 ---
128 
 
 
The information in the following documents is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and constitute 
an integral part of this Base Prospectus: 
     
No. 
Document 
Incorporated section 
Page 
1 
The Issuer’s interim unaudited IFRS 
financial statements for the period 
ended on 30 June 2022 
- 
Statement of financial position 
- 
Statement of profit or loss and 
comprehensive income 
- 
Statement of changes in equity 
- 
Statement of cash flows 
- 
Notes to the financial statements 
9 
 
10 
11 
12 
13-17 
 
2 
The Issuer’s audited IFRS financial 
statements for the year ended on 
31 December 2021, including the 
independent auditor’s report, dated 
27 April 2022 
- 
Independent auditor’s report 
- 
Statement of financial position 
- 
Statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income 
- 
Statement of changes in equity 
- 
Statement of cash flows 
- 
Notes to the financial statements 
11-12 
13 
 
14 
15 
16 
17-23 
 
3 
The Issuer’s audited IFRS financial 
statements for the year ended on 
31 December 2020, including the 
independent auditor’s report dated 23 
April 2021 
- 
Independent auditor’s report 
- 
Statement of financial position 
- 
Statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income 
- 
Statement of changes in equity 
- 
Statement of cash flows 
- 
Notes to the financial statements 
1-2 
3 
 
4 
5 
6 
7-10 
The 
documents 
listed 
above 
are 
available 
in 
electronic 
format 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://21shares.com/ir#financials. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than where 
information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the SFSA. 
Documents available 
During the validity of this Base Prospectus or, if longer, for so long as Products remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer in printed form: 
● 
the Issuer’s up to date Articles of Association (Statuten) and Public Deed of Incorporation (Öffentliche 
Beurkundung);  
● 
the Issuer’s financial statements; 
● 
the Final Terms in respect of each Series of Products; and

--- Page 131 ---
129 
 
 
● 
this Base Prospectus. 
During the term of the Products, the documents listed above are available in electronic format at the Issuer’s 
website https://21shares.com/ir/notices/. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than 
where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the SFSA. 
Documents available on request 
For so long as Products remain outstanding, the following documents will be available, during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office 
of the Issuer in printed form: 
● 
each Authorised Participant Agreement; 
● 
each Custodial Services Agreement; 
● 
the Administration Agreement; 
● 
the Collateral Agent Agreement; 
● 
each Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement; 
● 
the Additional Pledge Agreements; 
● 
each Account Control Agreement; and 
● 
the market making agreement in respect of each Series of Products. 
During the term of the Products, the Transaction Documents can be ordered by an Investor free of charge from 
21Shares AG at Dammstrasse 19, 6300 Zug, Switzerland, via e-mail etp@21.co.  
Websites 
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than where 
information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the SFSA.

--- Page 132 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Description of Service Providers 
BlueFin Europe LLP 
Bluefin Europe LLP, incorporated on 14 August 2008 and located at 110 Bishopsgate, London, England, EC2N 
4AY is a Limited liability partnership operating under the laws of England. It is registered with Companies House 
under Company number OC339361.  
DRW Europe B.V.  
DRW Europe B.V. located at Locatellikade 1, 1076AZ Amsterdam, The Netherlands, is a private limited liability 
company operating under the laws of the Netherlands.  It is registered with The Netherlands Chambers of 
Commerce with register number 72017163.       
Bank Frick & Co. AG 
Bank Frick & Co. AG, a joint stock company, FL-0001.548.501-4, with registered office at Landstrasse 14, 9496 
Balzers, Principality of Liechtenstein, was established in 1998 by the Liechtenstein trustee Kuno Frick sen. 
together with financial investors from Austria. Bank Frick has been family-run since its foundation as a licensed 
universal bank in 1998 and it adopts an entrepreneurial approach. Today the Bank is entirely owned by the Kuno 
Frick Family Foundation (KFS). The Bank employs over 190 members of staff at its Balzers office and operates a 
branch in London, UK. Bank Frick specialises in banking for professional clients and provides a fully integrated 
offering of classic banking and blockchain banking services. Its clients include fintechs, asset managers, payment 
service providers, family offices, fund promoters, pension funds and fiduciaries. The Bank’s shareholders' equity 
at the end of 2021 amounted to CHF 97 million and its net profit to CHF 9.8 million.  
According to article 3 of the articles of incorporation dated 3 November 2015 of Bank Frick & Co. AG, the company 
was established to conduct “…as a universal bank and Liechtenstein private bank of its business district 
commercial banking operations of all kinds for its own account and for the account of third-parties in Liechtenstein 
and abroad”. 
Flow Traders B.V. 
Flow Traders B.V., incorporated on 11 November 1991 and located at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 1018LL, Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands, is a private limited liability company operating under Netherlands law. It is registered with The 
Netherlands Chambers of Commerce with date of entry on 2 December 1991 and register number 33223268. 
According to article 2.2 of Flow Traders B.V.’s articles of association, the objective of its business is trading in 
financial instruments for its own account and own risk, in a market maker capacity as permitted. 
Flow Traders B.V. is part of the Flow Traders Group. Its ultimate parent is Flow Traders N.V., which is listed on 
Euronext Amsterdam. Flow Traders has APAC and U.S. affiliates.

--- Page 133 ---
131 
 
 
Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP 
Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP was incorporated on 01 December 2005, and located at 77 Cornhill, 6th Floor, EC3V 
3QQ, London, United Kingdom, and is a private limited liability company operating under the laws of England. It is 
registered with the Companies House under Company Number OC316522.  
Nyenburgh Holding B.V. 
Nyenburgh Holding B.V. is located at Beursplein 5, 1012JW Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Nyenburgh Holding 
BV, qualifies as an Investment Firm in proprietary trading under the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wft) 
and is licensed by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) and the Dutch Central Bank (DNB).  
Virtu Financial Ireland Limited 
Virtu Financial Ireland Limited was incorporated on June 11, 2009 and is located at Whiteaker Court, Whitaker 
Square, Third Floor, Block C, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin, Ireland. It is a company operating under the laws 
of Ireland. It is registered under Registration Number 471719.  
For more information about our Authorised Participants please visit https://21shares.com/ir/aps/  
ISP Securities AG 
ISP Securities AG, Aktiengesellschaft, CHE-107.536.101, was incorporated in 1993 and is located at 
Bellerivestrasse 45, 8008 Zurich, Switzerland. 
ISP Securities AG is a Swiss securities dealer subject to the supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Authority 
FINMA. It is part of ISP Group AG, which offers wealth management, capital markets and institutional investment 
services, including custody and trading. 
According to article 2 of ISP Securities AG’s articles of association dated 2 November 2010, its purpose is to 
provide services as a securities dealer in the field of asset management, investment advice and securities trading 
in Switzerland and abroad. 
Jane Street Financial Limited 
Jane Street Financial Limited is a limited liability company, incorporated on 13 April 2007 under the laws of England 
and Wales with company number 06211806 and with its registered office located at Floor 30, 20 Fenchurch Street, 
London, EC3M 3BY, United Kingdom. Jane Street Financial Limited is a registered dealer authorised and 
regulated by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority. Jane Street Financial Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Jane Street Group, LLC, a quantitative trading firm, which engages in the trading of a range of financial products, 
including exchange traded funds, equities, futures, commodities, options, bonds and currencies. Jane Street 
Group LLC has its registered office located at c/o United Corporate Services, Inc., 874 Walker Road, Suite C, 
Dover, DE 19904. 
Jane Street Financial Limited is a global liquidity provider and market maker. Jane Street Financial Limited is an 
active participant on electronic security exchanges and is one of the largest exchange traded fund liquidity 
providers in the world. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

--- Page 134 ---
132 
 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a national banking association organised under U.S. federal law on 13 November 
2004. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System and its U.S. Federal Reserve 
Bank Identification Number is 852218. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s LEI is 7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. offers a wide range of banking services to its customers both in the United States 
and internationally, including investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, 
commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is 
directly wholly owned by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its principal bank subsidiary. As such, it will be subject to 
the risks of the JPMorgan Chase group including regulatory, legal and reputation risks, political and country risks, 
market and credit risks, liquidity and capital risks and operational, strategic, conduct and people risks, and affected 
by events which impact the JPMorgan Chase group. 
Lang & Schwarz TradeCenter AG & Co. KG 
Lang & Schwarz TradeCenter AG & Co. KG, a subsidiary of the Lang & Schwarz AG which is a holding company 
that was founded on January 19th in 1996, is located on Breite Straße 34, in 40213 Düsseldorf, Germany.  
The entity is mainly focused on market making of securities such as exchange traded products, equities, mutual 
funds, fixed income products and derivatives, issued by Lang & Schwarz AG.  
Invierno AB, owner of the registered trademark “Vinter” 
Invierno AB (Vinter) was incorporated on 28 May 2019 as company limited by shares (Aktiebolag) registered in 
Sweden. Its register number is 559207-4172. The registered address is Box 5193, 10244 Stockholm, Sweden, the 
location of the head office is Hammarby Kaj 10D, 120 07 Stockholm, Sweden. 
 
According to article 3 of its articles of association, its business purpose is to act as a calculation agent and 
benchmark 
administrator. 
Vinter 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
Swedish 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) with an effective date of 16 June 2020 as a registered benchmark administrator under the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) has included Vinter in its 
register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation and consequently any indices provided by Vinter are 
provided by an administrator included in said register. Vinter is not part of a group of companies. 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG  
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG is a Swiss corporation registered in the commercial register of the 
Canton of Zug, Switzerland, with registration number CHE-477.629.838, incorporated on March 9, 2022, with 
unlimited duration and having its seat and head office address at Gotthardstrasse 26, 6300, Zug, Switzerland.  
 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG is registered with Verein zur Qualitätssicherung von 
Finanzdienstleistungen (VQF) a Self-Regulatory Organisation (SRO) officially recognised by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, the VQF supervises its members with regard to the combating of money 
laundering and the prevention of the financing of terrorism.  
 
“Copper" and "Copper.co" are trading names of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG. Copper Technologies 
(Switzerland) AG is 100% subsidiary of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG a limited liability company 
registered in England with company registration number 11148681, incorporated at Companies House on 15 
January 2018, with its registered and head office address at 3rd Floor, 64 North Row, London W1K 7DA, United 
Kingdom.

--- Page 135 ---
133 
 
 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG provides custodial, exchange and settlement services for digital assets 
to institutional and high-net worth clients. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG supports the custody of digital 
assets across cold, hot, warm and proxy wallets. 
 
The safeguarding and custody of digital assets is the core and flagship element of the business of Copper 
Technologies (Switzerland) AG which it provides through its proprietary and secure digital asset custody 
infrastructure. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG uses its unique multi-party computation technology to 
securely generate key shards simultaneously but in isolation in a secure environment. Key shards may then be 
kept on or offline to ensure ultimate security and control of digital assets, with key shards combining to co-sign 
transactions remotely, removing the risk of private key exposure. 
 
The parent company of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, Copper Technologies (UK) Limited, has ISO 
27001 accreditation and is registered with the US Department of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement 
Network (FinCEN) as a Money Services Business. Copper Technologies (UK) Limited has an Aon brokered 
crime insurance policy and has the Cyber Essentials Plus certification, a UK Government-backed scheme to 
help organisations protect against cyber attacks. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG will have the benefit of 
the insurance policy written to Copper Technologies (UK) Limited. 
 
Any digital assets held in custody in vaults by Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG for its clients, including the 
Issuer, are and will remain segregated from both proprietary assets of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG 
and the assets of its other clients. 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC is a limited purpose trust incorporated under the laws of the State of New 
York in the United States of America and is chartered, supervised and examined by the New York Department of 
Financial Services. The term of existence of the company is 100 years. Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC 
is located at 200 Park Avenue South, Suite 1208, New York, NY 10003, USA. It received its charter on 22 October 
2018. Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC is a subsidiary of Coinbase Global, Inc. Affiliates of Coinbase 
Custody Trust Company, LLC provide various services to Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, including 
engineering, sales support, marketing, communications, information technology, security, business operations, 
tax, strategy, finance, accounting, human resources, customer support, compliance, and legal advice. 
Founded in 2018, Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC is a fiduciary under § 100 of the New York Banking Law 
and a qualified custodian licensed to custody clients’ Crypto Assets in trust on clients’ behalf. As of August 9th, 
2022, the company served over 1600 clients and has over U.S. $43 billion in assets under custody. Coinbase 
Custody Trust Company, LLC’s corporate office is located in New York, New York, USA. The purpose of the 
company is to offer qualified custody services and pursuant to Article 9 of the company’s articles of organization, 
the company is to exercise the powers conferred by § 100 of the New York Banking Law and the company shall 
neither accept deposits nor make loans except for deposits and loans arising directly from the exercise of the 
fiduciary powers specified in § Section 100 of the New York Banking Law. 
Coinbase Crypto Services, LLC (doing business as Bison Trails) 
Coinbase Crypto Services, LLC (USA), doing business as Bison Trails (Bison Trails), will act as a delegated 
staking service with respect to certain Underlyings or Underlying Components serving as Collateral. Bison Trails 
is a Delaware limited liability company with its head office located at 16 Vestry Street, New York, NY 10013, and 
with its registered office located at 1209 Orange St., Wilmington, DE 19801. Bison Trails is organized under 
Delaware law, was formed as a Delaware limited liability company via filing of its Certificate of Formation with the 
State of Delaware on December 7, 2020 with an indefinite intended duration, and has been assigned registration

--- Page 136 ---
134 
 
 
file number 4368135. Bison Trails was initially formed as Bison Trails Co., a Delaware corporation, and was subject 
to a merger resulting in the existence of Bison Trails in its current form as Coinbase Crypto Services, LLC.  
As provided in Article III of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Bison Tails Co., the stated 
purpose of Bison Trails is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under 
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.  
Bison Trails is a wholly owned subsidiary of Coinbase Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.  
Law Debenture is a public limited company with company number 01675231, which was incorporated on 2 
November 1982 under the laws of England and Wales. Law Debenture has its registered office at Fifth Floor, 100 
Wood Street, London, EC2V 7EX. 
Law Debenture is a subsidiary of The Law Debenture Corporation p.l.c., which is listed on the London Stock 
Exchange.  
Pursuant to Article 4 of Law Debenture's memorandum of association dated 5 August 1998, its principal business 
purpose is to carry on business as a trust corporation and to undertake any trust or trust business. 
Formidium Corporation 
Formidium Corporation (“Formidium”) is a corporation incorporated in the State of Illinois in the United States of 
America with identification number 72079728, formerly known as Sudrania Fund Services Corporation. Formidium 
has its registered office at 633 Rogers Street, Suite 106, Downers Grove, IL 60523. Formidium is a fund accounting 
and fund technology company providing NAV Calculation and other services. It provides fund administration for 
hedge funds, commodity pools, private equity funds, and digital asset funds. Formidiumwas established with the 
purpose of accomplishing such lawful business and activities as determined by its shareholders. 
MarketVector Indexes GmbH 
MVIG was incorporated on 6 June 2011 as a German limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung). It is registered with the commercial register at the local court of Frankfurt am Main, Germany, under the 
number HRB 91272 and has its registered office at Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main. 
Pursuant to section 3 of MVIG’ articles of association, MVIG’ business object is primarily research, development 
and maintenance of indices related to financial products. MVIG is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Van Eck (Europe) 
GmbH, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Van Eck Associates. 
S&P Dow Jones 
S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (S&P DJI) is the benchmark administrator for the S&P Bitcoin Dynamic Rebalancing 
Risk Control 40% Index and the S&P Ethereum Dynamic Rebalancing Risk Control 40% Index (benchmarks).  
S&P DJI is an administrator located in the United States and for the purposes of Regulation 2016/1011 is an 
administrator located outside of the EU. 21Shares is using the benchmarks as reference for the financial instrument 
in accordance with Article 51(5) of Regulation 2016/1011.

--- Page 137 ---
135 
 
 
APPENDIX I - GLOSSARY OF FREQUENTLY USED DEFINED TERMS 
51% attack means a negative action undertaken against a particular blockchain network by a single minor, or 
group of miners acting in concert, who control (even temporarily) a majority of the network mining power of a 
particular blockchain network. 
ACA means (i) the account control agreement dated 15 April 2019, governed by the laws of New York, entered 
into between the Issuer, Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, and the Collateral Agent with respect to the 
respective Collateral Account or (ii) the account control agreement dated 16 September 2019, governed by the 
laws of Switzerland, entered into between the Issuer, Bitcoin Suisse AG, and the Collateral Agent with respect to 
the respective Collateral Account or (iii) the account control agreement dated 31 March 2022, governed by the 
laws of England, entered into between the Issuer, JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., and the Collateral Agent with 
respect to the respective secured accounts and secured property or (iv) the account control agreement dated 20 
May 2022, governed by the laws of the State of New York, entered into between the Issuer, BlockFi Lending, 
LLC, and Coinbase Trust Company, LLC with respect to the respective secured accounts and secured property 
or (v) the account control agreement dated 27 June 2022, governed by the laws of England, entered into 
between the Issuer, Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG and the Collateral Agent with respect to the 
respective Collateral Account or (vi) any other account control agreement specified in the Final Terms, as 
applicable. 
 
21CB or HODL5 or the 21Shares Index means the 21Shares Index owned by Jura Pentium AG. 
Administrator means Formidium Corporation as specified in the relevant Final Terms and any successor 
administrator(s).  
Airdrop means the equivalent of a special dividend in kind which results in the creation or allocation of new units 
of an existing asset serving as an Underlying or Underlying Component (as defined below) to participants in the 
blockchain. The new units of Crypto Asset are allocated to some but not necessarily all participants on a blockchain 
and are typically designed to incentivise specific behaviour in the network (i.e., increased participation, maintaining 
infrastructure etc.).  
AMLA means the Swiss Anti-Money Laundering Act. 
Allocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement means the allocated precious metals accounts agreement, 
dated on or about 31 March 2022, between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
ARETP means the SIX Additional Rules for the Listing of Exchange Traded Products. 
Auditor means Copartner Revision AG, St. Alban-Anlage 46, 4052 Basel, Switzerland or any successor auditor. 
Authorised Exchange means any exchange on which a Person or an Entity can transact in Crypto Assets which 
has been approved by the Issuer, the Custodian and the Authorised Participants. 
Authorised Offeror means each Authorised Participant which either is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror 
in the relevant Final Terms or is expressly named as an Authorised Participant on the Issuer’s website. 
Authorised Participant means the authorised participant for each Tranche of Products as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 138 ---
136 
 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement means the authorised participant agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and the Authorised Participant and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
BA means the Swiss Banking Act. 
CCCAGG means the Crypto Coin Comparison Aggregated Index provided by CryptoCompare. 
CCCAGG Prices means the relevant crypto prices as calculated in accordance with CCCAGG.  
CISA means the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as amended. 
CISO means the Swiss Federal Ordinance on Collective Investment Schemes. 
CO means the Swiss Code of Obligations. 
Coinbase means Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC. 
Collateral means the Underlyings or Underlying Components credited to the Collateral Account and other assets 
denominated in the Underlyings or Underlying Components and/or other eligible assets which serve as collateral 
for the Product. 
Collateral Account means (i) the account or sub-account, as applicable, administered by the Custodian and 
opened for the Products and (ii), where applicable, the accounts established pursuant to the Allocated Precious 
Metals Accounts Agreement and the Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement.  
Collateral Agent or Law Debenture means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and any successor 
Collateral Agent. 
Commodity Asset Collateral means the amount of Commodity Assets collateralizing the Product and credited to 
the relevant Collateral Account. 
Commodity Assets means the commodity(ies) in the form of precious metal specified as Underlying 
Components(s) in the applicable Final Terms.  
Contributor means each relevant input data provider with respect to an index.  
Copper means Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG. 
Crypto Assets means: (i) any digital asset whose origin is derived from a blockchain, including digital currencies; 
(ii) digital commodities provisioning raw digital resources; or (iii) digital tokens, provisioning finished digital goods 
and services. 
CryptoCompare means Crypto Coin Comparison Ltd. 
Custodian means Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A. or any successor or additional custodian as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Custodial Services Agreement means (i) the custodial services agreement in relation to the Crypto Assets 
collateralising Products issued under the Programme dated on or about 15 April 2019 between the Issuer and 
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-

--- Page 139 ---
137 
 
 
time or (ii) the custodial services agreement in relation to the Crypto Assets collateralising Products issued under 
the Programme dated 27 June 2022 between the Issuer and Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, as may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time or (iv) the Allocated Precious Metals Accounts 
Agreement, dated on or about 31 March 2022, between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or (v) the 
Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement, dated on or about 31 March 2022, between the Issuer and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and (vi)  the Custodian Agreement, dated 23 December, 2019, between the Issuer 
and Bank Frick & Co. AG, and (vii) any other custodial services agreement specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
as applicable. 
DEBA means the Swiss Federal Debt Enforcement and Bankruptcy Act, as amended. 
Double Spending means the act of permitting coins to be spent on multiple occasions and, due to having sufficient 
network control, confirming and posting these transactions to the blockchain.  
DPoS means a Delegated Proof of Stake consensus architecture. 
EU means the European Union. 
EUR, Euro or € means the participating member states in the third stage of the Economic and Monetary Union of 
the Treaty establishing the European community. 
Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.1 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
Extraordinary Events means any of fraud, theft, cyber-attack, change in regulations and/or a similar event. 
Fiat currency means a currency issued by a central bank or Government, such as the U.S. Dollar or the Euro. 
Final Terms means, in relation to a Tranche, the Final Terms issued specifying the relevant issue details of such 
Tranche, as from time-to-time amended, supplemented or replaced. 
FINMA means the Swiss Financial Market Authority. 
FinSA means the Swiss Financial Services Act. 
Flow Traders means Flow Traders B.V. 
FMIA means the Financial Market Infrastructure Act. 
Fork Event means an event where a developer or group of developers split the code base powering a Crypto 
Asset that serves as an Underlying or Underlying Component into two or more branches of variations of 
development, resulting in the creation of a new asset which derives from the original blockchain of the respective 
Underlying or Underlying Component. 
FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the same may be amended from time-to-time, or 
any successor legislation.  
General Terms and Conditions means in respect of the Products of each Series the terms and conditions 
applicable thereto which shall be substantially in the form set out in this Base Prospectus. 
Global Paying Agent or Bank Frick means Bank Frick & Co. AG.

--- Page 140 ---
138 
 
 
ICO means an initial coin offering. 
IOF means MVIG’s independent oversight function  
Issue Price per Product means the Crypto Asset Collateral and, where applicable, the Commodity Asset 
Collateral, specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer means 21Shares AG. 
Issuer Security means the security created over the Collateral in favour of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the 
Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement, the ACA and the Additional Pledge Agreements.  
Issuer Security Enforcement Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Condition 21.2 of the General Terms and 
Conditions.  
Insolvency Event means the opening of bankruptcy proceedings within the meaning of DEBA with respect to the 
Issuer. 
Investor(s) means the investors in the Product(s). 
Jane Street means Jane Street Financial Limited. 
Jura Pentium Servicing Entity means Jura Pentium AG. 
Market Maker means each such person that has entered into a contract as a market maker in accordance with 
the rules of the SIX. 
MiFID II means Directive 2014/65/EU. 
MVIG means MarketVector Indexes GmbH 
OTC means over the counter. 
Paying Agency Agreement means the agency agreement between the Issuer and the Global Paying Agent in 
relation to the Programme, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time. 
PCF means portfolio composition file. 
Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement means (i) the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement governed by 
the laws of New York dated on or about 15 April 2019 between, the Issuer, as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent, 
as collateral agent, in respect of the Collateral, as may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time-to-time or (ii) the security agreement governed by the laws of England dated 18 August 2021 between, the 
Issuer, as assignor, and the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent, in respect of the Collateral, as may be 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time-to-time, (iii) the pledge of collateral account 
agreement, dated on or about 31 March 2022 and governed by the laws of England, entered into between the 
Issuer and the Collateral Agent with respect to the accounts established under the Allocated Precious Metals 
Accounts Agreement and the Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement, respectively, or (iv) any other 
pledge of collateral account agreement specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable.

--- Page 141 ---
139 
 
 
Product or ETP means the exchange traded products of each Series issued in accordance with the General 
Terms and Conditions. 
Product Documentation means, in respect of each Series of Products, the General Terms and Conditions, as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Programme means the exchange traded products programme of the Issuer as described in this Base Prospectus. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Redemption Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
Redemption Order has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
Redemption Period has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions.  
Regulatory Call means the redemption by the Issuer of all outstanding Products, inter alia, for reasons of 
regulatory changes affecting the Products or any of the Underlyings in accordance with Condition 11 of the General 
Terms and Conditions.  
SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America. 
Secured Obligations means the Issuer’s obligations to pay the Redemption Amount of the Products.  
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Security Documents means the ACA, the Pledge of Collateral Account Agreement and the Additional Pledge 
Agreements.  
Series means a series of Products issued under the Programme comprising one or more Tranches, whether or 
not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the issue date and their issue price) have identical terms 
on issue. 
Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Jura Pentium 
Servicing Entity dated  28 February 2022. 
SESTA means the Swiss Stock Exchange Act. 
SESTO means the Swiss Stock Exchange Ordinance. 
SFSA means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw.: Finansinspektionen). 
SIX Swiss Exchange or SIX means the SIX Swiss Exchange AG. 
SIX Member means an account holder on SIX. 
Swiss Paying Agent means the Swiss bank or securities dealer performing the paying agency function for a 
particular Series of Products for the purposes of the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange as set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 142 ---
140 
 
 
Swiss Paying Agent Appointment Letter means the letter from the Issuer appointing the Swiss Paying Agent 
listed in the relevant Final Terms in relation to a Series of Products. 
Tax Call means the redemption by the Issuer of all outstanding Products at any time, inter alia, for certain tax 
reasons in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions.  
Tranche means Products of the same Series, which are identical in all respects except for the Issue Date and the 
Issue Price.  
Transaction Documents means the Product Documentation, the Security Documents, the Servicing Agreement, 
the Custodial Services Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the Collateral Agent Agreement, the Paying 
Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agent Appointment Letter and the Authorised Participant Agreements. 
UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code.  
UCITS Directive means Directive 2009/65/CE of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on 
the co-ordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), as amended. 
UCITS Scheme means a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities 
subject to the UCITS Directive.  
U.S.$ or U.S. Dollar means the currency of the United States of America. 
UK’s EU Referendum means the referendum on the United Kingdom’s membership of the EU held on 23 June 
2016 pursuant to the European Referendum Act 2015 with the majority voting to leave the EU. 
Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement means the unallocated precious metals account 
agreement, dated 31 March 2022, governed by the laws of England, entered into between the Issuer and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.      
VanEck means Van Eck Associates Corporation. 
Wallet (or Digital Wallet or Cryptocurrency Wallet or Crypto Wallet) means a software program where a private 
key (secret number) and public address for every Crypto Asset address that is saved in the wallet of the person 
or person who owns the balance.  
Wallet Provider means a service or platform that offers users a dedicated storage as well as sending and receiving 
capabilities related to Crypto Assets.

--- Page 143 ---
F-1 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
______________________________________________________

--- Page 144 ---
N-1 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICES OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
21Shares AG 
Dammstrasse 19 
6300 Zug 
Switzerland 
 
 
 
 
GLOBAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Bank Frick & Co. AG 
Landstrasse 14, 9496 Balzers, 
Principality of Liechtenstein 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Copartner Revision AG 
St. Alban-Anlage 46  
4052 Basel 
Switzerland 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Swiss Law 
Homburger AG 
Prime Tower Hardstrasse 201 
CH-8005 Zurich 
 
 
 
To the Collateral Agent as to English Law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
AG Advokat KB 
Regeringsgatan 38 
Box 3124 
SE-103 62 Stockholm