--- Page 1 ---
EMEA 151488807 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO: (i) QIBs (AS DEFINED BELOW) WHO 
ARE ALSO QPs (AS DEFINED BELOW); OR (ii) CERTAIN NON-U.S. PERSONS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED 
STATES. 
IMPORTANT:  You must read the following before continuing.  The following notice applies to the attached base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) following this notice, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before 
reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus.  In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be 
bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information 
from the Issuer, the Arrangers and Dealers (each as defined in the Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION 
OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS 
UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.  THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL 
NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO, AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON TO, THE 
GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM.  RATHER, THE COMMUNICATION OF THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS WHO HAVE 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) 
OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 (THE 
“ORDER”) OR HIGH NET WORTH ENTITIES, AND OTHER PERSONS TO WHOM IT MAY LAWFULLY BE 
COMMUNICATED, FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER (EACH SUCH PERSON BEING 
REFERRED TO AS A “RELEVANT PERSON”). 
THIS COMMUNICATION IS BEING DIRECTED ONLY AT RELEVANT PERSONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
AND ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS COMMUNICATION RELATES WILL 
BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH SUCH PERSONS.  NO PERSON SHOULD RELY ON IT. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER.  ANY FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED.  
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.  IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS 
TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED 
AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED THEREIN. 
Confirmation of your representation:  By accessing the Base Prospectus you confirm to us that:  (i) you understand and 
agree to the terms set out herein; (ii) you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus and any amendments or supplements 
thereto by electronic transmission; (iii) you will not transmit the Base Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or 
disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other person; and (iv) you acknowledge that you will make 
your own assessment regarding any credit, investment, legal, taxation or other economic considerations with respect to 
your decision to subscribe or purchase any of the Notes.  In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities, investors must be either:  (a) Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIBs”) 
(within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act) who are also qualified purchasers (“QPs”) (within the meaning 
of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), or acting on behalf of such QIBs who 
are also QPs; or (b) non-U.S. person outside the United States.  The Base Prospectus is being sent at your request and by 
accepting the e-mail and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have represented to us that:  (1) you and 
any customers you represent are either:  (x) QIBs who are also QPs, or (y) non-U.S. persons and outside the United States, 
its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
the Northern Marina Islands), any State of the United States or the District of Columbia; (2) unless you are a QIB who is 
also a QP or acting on behalf of a QIB who is also a QP, the electronic mail address that you gave us and to which this e-
mail has been delivered is not located in the United States; (3) you are a person who is permitted under applicable law and 
regulation to receive the Base Prospectus; and (4) you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose 
possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are

--- Page 2 ---
EMEA 151488807 
 
 
 
 
located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other person.  Failure to comply 
with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place 
where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  If a jurisdiction requires that an offering of securities described 
herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arrangers and Dealers or any affiliate of the applicable Arrangers or 
Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by such Arranger or 
Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer or holders of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities in any jurisdiction.  Recipients of the Base Prospectus who intend to subscribe for or purchase the securities are 
reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus and relevant Final Terms.  The Base Prospectus may only be communicated to persons in the United Kingdom 
in circumstances where Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the contents 
of the Base Prospectus or for any statement made or purported to be made by any of them, or on their behalf, in connection 
with the Issuer or any offer. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form.  You are reminded that documents transmitted via this 
medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the Issuer, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers, any person who controls them or any director, officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any 
such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the base prospectus 
distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Issuer, the Arrangers 
and Dealers.  Please ensure that your copy is complete.  If you received the Base Prospectus by e-mail, you should not 
reply by e-mail to this announcement.  Any reply e-mail communications, including those you generate by using the “reply” 
function on your e-mail software, will be ignored or rejected.  You are responsible for protecting against viruses and other 
destructive items.  Your use of this e-mail is at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure 
that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature.

--- Page 3 ---
EMEA 151488807 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
  
 
ARAB PETROLEUM INVESTMENTS CORPORATION 
(trading as The Arab Energy Fund) 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Arab Petroleum Investments 
Corporation (the “Issuer” or “APICORP”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors” below. 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank of 
Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under this Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market.  The regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)).  Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from the date of its approval in relation to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and have been admitted to 
listing on the Official List. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading on 
a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II in the EEA and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer has been assigned long term ratings of Aa2 (stable) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), 
AA- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and to AA+ Stable Outlook by Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
(“Fitch”).  Moody’s is established in the European Union (“EU”) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended, the “EU CRA Regulation”).  The rating assigned by Moody’s has been endorsed by 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited and has not been withdrawn.  Moody’s Investors Service Limited is

--- Page 4 ---
EMEA 151488807 
 
 
 
 
established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
as it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). S&P is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. The rating assigned by S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and has not 
been withdrawn. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  Fitch is not established 
in the EU and has not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation.  The rating assigned by Fitch has 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and has not been withdrawn.  Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is 
established in the EU and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation.  Moody’s, S&P and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) website at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation  in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  Fitch, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors 
Service Limited appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority’s (the “FCA”) Financial Services Register.  The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing such rating may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks.  
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, each such administrator’s name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) are set out in the section entitled “Benchmark Regulation”. 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States 
or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S Securities Act) 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and the offer or sale is made in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction.  The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the Securities Act and within the United States 
only to persons who are “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) in reliance on Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) 
under the Securities Act who are also “qualified purchasers” (“QPs”) within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) 
of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”).  See “Forms of 
the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued.  Registered Notes are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
ARRANGERS 
Citigroup 
Goldman Sachs International 
Standard Chartered Bank 
DEALERS 
BofA Securities 
Bank of China  
Barclays 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Emirates NBD Capital 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg 
 
Mizuho  
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 September 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- i - 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes  issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Certain information contained in “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Group” (as indicated therein) has been extracted 
from independent, third party sources.  The Issuer confirms that all third party information contained in this Base Prospectus 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant third party sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.  The source of any third party information contained in this Base Prospectus is stated where such information 
appears in this Base Prospectus. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the 
“Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the “Final Terms”) or in a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown 
Prospectuses” below. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information with respect to the Issuer and the Group, and to the Notes, which is material in the context of the Programme 
or the issue and offering of the Notes (including all information which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the 
Group and the Programme or the Notes, is necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and 
of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer and the Group); all 
statements of fact relating to the Issuer, the Group and to the Programme or the Notes contained in this Base Prospectus 
are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading; and that there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer, 
the Group and to the Programme or the Notes the omission of which would in the context of the Programme or the issue 
and offering of the Notes make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect; the statements of 
intention, opinion, belief or expectation with regard to the Issuer and the Group contained in this Base Prospectus are 
honestly and reasonably made or held; and all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain and verify 
the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent to give any information or 
to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into 
in relation to the Programme or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent, or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
Neither the Issuing and Paying Agent, nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or 
any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them have independently verified the information contained or incorporated 
by reference herein.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by any of them as to the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme.  Neither the Issuing and Paying Agent, nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, nor is any responsibility or liability 
accepted by them for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection 
with the Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of any Notes under the Programme.  To the fullest extent permitted by 
law, none of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement,

--- Page 6 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- ii - 
 
 
 
made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the 
Notes.  Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes:  (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or any of the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall, in any 
circumstances constitute a representation or create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Issuing 
and Paying Agent and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.  
Investors should review the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any affiliate of the 
Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such 
affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes may be offered and sold:  (i) in bearer form or registered form outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S; and (ii) in registered form within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in 
Rule 144A) in reliance on Rule 144A who are also qualified purchasers as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment 
Company Act.  Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from 
the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  For a description of these and certain further 
restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF 
NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
EU MiFID PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in

--- Page 7 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- iii - 
 
 
 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “EU 
MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the current domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of current 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
“prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”).

--- Page 8 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- iv - 
 
 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO GREEN NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes identified therein as “Green Notes” (the “Green Notes”) will 
provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount at least equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Notes 
(the “equivalent amount”), to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green projects (“Eligible Green 
Projects”) in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework (as amended, supplemented, restated and/or 
otherwise updated on the Issuer’s website from time to time, the “Green Finance Framework”).  A prospective investor 
should have regard to the information set out in the section “Use of Proceeds” and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding their purchase of any Sustainable Notes before deciding to invest 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary for the purpose of assessing the suitability of an investment in such Notes in light of its investment criteria, 
guidelines, requirements or expectations. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that such use of proceeds will meet, in 
whole or in part, any present or future investment expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required, or intend, to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related 
to, the Green Finance Framework.  None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor 
are they responsible for, any assessment or due diligence of, the Eligible Green Projects, or any related projects or the 
application, impact or monitoring of the use of the proceeds (or any amount equivalent thereto) of any Green Notes.  None 
of the Arrangers or Dealers or their respective affiliates have undertaken any due diligence, or makes any representation as 
to the suitability or contents, of the Green Finance Framework, any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof or 
any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Notes, 
all of which are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arrangers the Dealers or any other person that Eligible 
Expenditures will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar 
labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
so called “EU Taxonomy”) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA), as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
funded by or related to any Eligible Green Projects.  Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described 
in the Green Finance Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their 
independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Sustainable Notes before deciding 
to invest.  None of the Arrangers or Dealers or their respective affiliates shall be responsible for (i) the suitability of any 
Green Notes to fulfil environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors, (ii) whether the 
equivalent amount will be used to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects, (iii) any assessment of the Eligible 
Green Projects, or (iv) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Green Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates makes any representation or provide any 
assurance as to the suitability of any Green Notes, including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors.  
None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible Green Projects financed or refinanced with the proceeds of the issuance of 
the Green Notes, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects meet such criteria, the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds of any Green Notes (or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Eligible 
Green Projects.  Each prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in “Use of Proceeds” below and 
determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purposes of an investment in Sustainable Notes together with 
any other investigation it deems necessary. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted

--- Page 9 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- v - 
 
 
 
by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- vi - 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF GROUP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The financial statements relating to the Group and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are: 
• 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information for the Group as at and for the six month 
period ended 30 June 2024, together with the notes thereto (the "Interim Financial Information"); 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, together 
with the notes thereto (the "2023 Financial Statements"); and 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, together 
with the notes thereto (the "2022 Financial Statements" and, together with the 2023 Financial Statements, the 
"Audited Financial Statements"). 
The Interim Financial Information has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 – “Interim 
Financial Reporting” (IAS 34), as endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, The review of the Interim Financial 
Information was performed in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 (ISRE) "Review of 
interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity" as endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia.  
The 2022 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") and interpretations issued by the International Financial 
Reporting Standards Interpretations Committee of the IASB (together, "IFRS"). 
The 2023 Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, that 
are endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and other standards and pronouncements issued by the Saudi Organization 
for Chartered and Professional Accountants ("SOCPA"). 
The audit of the 2023 Financial Statements was performed in accordance with International Standards on Auditing that are 
endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, as stated in the audit report.  
RESTATEMENT AND RE-PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Restatements and re-presentation of certain financial information  
When preparing the 2023 Financial Statements, management reassessed the presentation of assets and liabilities in the 
consolidated statement of financial position and the classification of cash flows items between operating, investing and 
financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows to conform with the presentation and classifications set out 
in the 2023 Financial Statements. As a result, prior year amounts in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 
31 December 2022 were restated in the 2023 Financial Statements as management reassessed the presentation of assets 
and liabilities based on order of liquidity and derivatives which were included in other assets and other liabilities in the 
consolidated statement of financial position. In addition, certain prior year amounts in the consolidated statement of cash 
flows for 2022 were restated in the 2023 Financial Statements as follows: 
• 
cash flows related to loans and advances made to customers and the repayment of those loans and advances were 
presented on a gross basis, while they are required to be presented on a net basis  in financial institutions; 
• 
dividend income received was presented under investing activities, yet the business of APICORP is that of a 
financial institution and IAS 7: Statement of Cash Flows ("IAS 7") requires dividend income received for financial 
institutions to be presented as part of operating cash flows; 
• 
financial charges paid were presented under financing activities, whereas IAS 7 requires finance charges to be 
presented as operating cash flows for financial institutions in the consolidated statement of cash flows; 
• 
proceeds from deposits were presented under financing activities, whereas in financial institutions cash flows 
related to proceeds from deposits are generally presented as part of operating activities, and as such deposits have 
been presented under operating activities; and 
• 
change in fair value of investments designated at fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL") were previously 
presented as an adjustment to the net income for the year and purchase/sale of investment held at FVTPL was 
presented as investing activities for the year, whereas for financial institutions, cash flows related to the 
investments designated as FVTPL are presented under changes in operating assets and liabilities and as such these 
amounts have been netted and presented under changes in operating activities in the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 11 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- vii - 
 
 
 
When preparing the Interim Financial Information, management has re-evaluated the presentation of certain line items in 
the condensed consolidated statement of cash flow in the prior years to determine if such transactions have been presented 
appropriately in line with the requirements of IFRS as endorsed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. As a result certain prior 
period amounts in the consolidated statement of cash flows for 30 June 2023 were restated in the Interim Financial 
Information where cash flows from investments at fair value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") have been 
disclosed separately in investing activities based on the requirements of IAS 7, see note 20 to the Interim Financial 
Information. 
Unless otherwise indicated in this Base Prospectus, the financial information of the Group: (i) as at the six month period 
ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 have been derived from the 
Interim Financial Information; (ii) as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 has been derived from the 2023 Financial 
Statements; (iii) as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been derived from the 2022 Financial Statements 
except for the restated balances in this Base Prospectus from the statement of financial position and the statement of cash 
flows which have been derived from the unaudited restated comparative column of the 2023 Financial Statements, as set 
out in note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements; (iv) those balances will not be comparable to the 2022 financial information 
in this Base Prospectus which has been restated or the equivalent financial information for 2023; and (v) as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 has been extracted from the 2022 Financial Statements. The Financial Statements should be 
read in conjunction with the respective notes thereto. 
APICORP's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to "2023", "2022" and "2021" are 
to the 12-month period ending on 31 December in each such year. 
CERTAIN NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial information which has not been prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
which also constitutes alternative performance measures such as capital ratios, return on assets, return on equity, return on 
paid up capital and total shareholder funds and total assets ("APMs") as defined in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. None of this financial information is subject to any audit or 
review by independent auditors. 
Capital Ratios 
This Base Prospectus includes references to capital ratios, such as total and tier 1 capital ratios. Although these ratios are 
not IFRS measures, APICORP believes that they are important to understanding its capital position. APICORP's 
interpretation of any future planned ratios and the basis of its calculation of these ratios may be different from those of 
other financial institutions. See "Selected financial information – Selected financial ratios (APMs)". 
Although the Group is not subject to any regulatory-imposed capital regime, APICORP calculates its capital ratios at Group 
level in accordance with Basel II methodology. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking statements 
include statements concerning APICORP's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the 
assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", 
"estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions 
generally identify forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk 
factors – Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" and 
"Description of the Group" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. APICORP has based these forward looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. Although 
APICORP believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are 
reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those 
identified below or which APICORP has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if APICORP's underlying 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, APICORP's actual results of operations may vary from those expected, 
estimated or predicted. Investors are therefore strongly advised to read the sections "Risk factors – Factors that may affect 
APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" and "Description of the Group", 
which include a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact on the Group's business development 
and on the industry sectors in which the Group operates. This section does not describe the risk factors required by Article 
16 of the Prospectus Regulation, and prospective investors in the Notes should read the factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme at the section "Risk Factors" of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 12 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- viii - 
 
 
 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the level of international oil and gas prices which are subject to significant fluctuations for reasons that are beyond 
APICORP's control; 
• 
APICORP's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future investments it is undertaking or plans 
to undertake; 
• 
APICORP's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and future 
investments and capital expenditures; 
• 
actions taken by APICORP's joint venture partners or associates that may not be in accordance with its policies 
and objectives; 
• 
the economic conditions in the markets in which APICORP and its investees operate; 
• 
the impact which any future variants of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other infectious disease outbreak, may 
have on the Group; and 
• 
changes in political, social or legal conditions in the markets in which APICORP and its investees operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without 
prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, APICORP expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements 
contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which any such forward looking statement is based. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified: 
• 
"APICORP" means Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation ("APICORP"), a multilateral financial institution, 
trading as The Arab Energy Fund. 
• 
"Establishing Agreement" means the establishing agreement and statute for APICORP dated 23 November 1975 
to which the governments of the 10 OAPEC Member States are signatories; 
• 
"GCC" means the Gulf Co-Operation Council; 
• 
"Group" means APICORP and its consolidated subsidiaries and associates; 
• 
a "Member State" means a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
• 
"MENA" means the Middle East and North Africa region; 
• 
"OAPEC" means Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries; 
• 
"OAPEC Member State" means each of the 10 member states of OAPEC, being the Democratic and Popular 
Republic of Algeria ("Algeria"), the Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain"), the Arab Republic of Egypt ("Egypt"), 
the Republic of Iraq ("Iraq"), the State of Kuwait ("Kuwait"), the State of Libya ("Libya"), the State of Qatar 
("Qatar"), the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("Saudi Arabia"), the Syrian Arab Republic ("Syria") and the United 
Arab Emirates (the "UAE"); 
• 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China; the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and 
Taiwan); 
• 
"Relevant Jurisdictions" mean each of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the UAE, Libya, Iraq, Qatar, Algeria, Bahrain, 
Egypt and Syria; and 
• 
"Shareholders" means the member states which are shareholders of APICORP, as named in "Description of the 
Group – Overview". 
In addition, references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, 
references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of

--- Page 13 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- ix - 
 
 
 
the euro, as amended, references to "ID" are to the lawful currency of Iraq; references to "LD" are to the lawful currency 
of Libya; references to "LE" are to the lawful currency of Egypt; references to "SAR" are to the lawful currency of Saudi 
Arabia; references to "TD" are to the lawful currency of Tunisia; and references to "Renminbi", "CNH", "RMB" and 
"CNY" are to the lawful currency of the PRC. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed in U.S. dollars. 
The Group's functional currency is the U.S. dollar and the Group prepares its financial statements in U.S. dollars. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to 
that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown 
for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not 
be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. Additionally, the figure "0" is used to indicate that a 
specific figure has been rounded to zero, whereas a dash indicates that there is no value for that column or row. 
APICORP's website is www.apicorp.org. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the 
information contained on this website is not incorporated by reference into, or otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus and related 
offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and accredited investors as defined 
by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB") in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment 
of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the terms of Article 
(81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus and any 
related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any 
other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as such term is 
defined by the CBB) for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering documents and it has not 
in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from 
reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Notes will be made to the public in 
the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or 
made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This Base Prospectus has 
not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar 
Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein will not be 
offered to investors domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Statement) and do not 
constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies 
Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this 
Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Notes issued under the Programme should conduct their own due diligence 
on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you 
should consult an authorised financial adviser.

--- Page 14 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- x - 
 
 
 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN RESIDENTS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, 
as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and 
are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or 
territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised 
by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities 
issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

--- Page 15 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- xi - 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................................. 4 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................................... 22 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................................. 23 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................................. 24 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................... 30 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................................ 59 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ..................................................................................................................................... 69 
RISK MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................................... 83 
CAPITALISATION ........................................................................................................................................................... 91 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 92 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS OF APICORP .................................................................................................................................... 95 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES............................................................................................................................ 116 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................................... 122 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................................................... 124 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ......................................................................................................................... 132 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................................... 134 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ......................................................................................................................................... 140 
BENCHMARK REGULATION ...................................................................................................................................... 142 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................... 143

--- Page 16 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be 
based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference.  The 
following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of 
this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, is completed by the 
relevant Final Terms (or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus). 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: ....................................................  
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: .............  
213800A54KIUYH5YD185. 
Description: ...........................................  
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
The Programme is unlimited in amount. 
Risk Factors: .........................................  
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  See “Risk 
Factors”. 
Arrangers: .............................................  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Goldman Sachs International and 
Standard Chartered Bank. 
Dealers: ..................................................  
Merrill Lynch International, Bank of China Limited, London Branch, 
Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, Goldman Sachs 
International, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg, Mizuho International plc, Standard Chartered Bank 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: .............................  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply 
will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (“FSMA”) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent in another currency, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing 
and 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Transfer Agent: .....................................  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar: ...............................................  
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus:
 ................................................................  
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either:  (i) pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or (ii) pursuant to a Drawdown 
Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as supplemented,

--- Page 17 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 2 - 
 
 
amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or, as the case may be, completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Issuance in Series: .................................  
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of the 
first payment of interest may be different in respect of different Tranches.  
The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all 
respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Currencies: ............................................  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Issue Price: ............................................  
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully-paid basis, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, a Drawdown Prospectus.  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: .............................................  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
Status of the Notes: ...............................  
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Form and Denomination of the Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in “Forms 
of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes 
and vice versa.  No Notes may be issued under the Programme with a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency).  Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, a Drawdown Prospectus, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: .............................  
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the period of 
twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
Clearing Systems: .................................  
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or the Depository Trust Company (the 
“DTC”) and/or in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, a Drawdown Prospectus. 
Negative Pledge: ....................................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Rating: ...................................................  
The Issuer has been assigned long term ratings of Aa2 (stable) by Moody’s, 
AA- by S&P and to AA+ Stable Outlook by Fitch. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 18 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 3 - 
 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: ..................................  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdictions 
or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, subject to certain exceptions as set out in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Governing Law and Submission to 
Jurisdiction: ...........................................  
The Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (together, the 
“Transaction Documents”) and the Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
In respect of any dispute under the Notes and the Transaction Documents, 
the parties have consented to arbitration under the LCIA Rules.  Any dispute 
may also be referred to the courts in England (which shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from such documents). 
Selling Restrictions: ..............................  
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of the Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland, Sultanate of Oman, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the 
Kingdom of Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre (the “DIFC”)), the DIFC, the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), Singapore, Japan, Hong Kong and 
the People’s Republic of China.  See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
United States Selling Restrictions:  Regulation S, Category 2.  Rule 
144A/3(c)(7).  TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, a Drawdown Prospectus.  
ERISA restrictions.

--- Page 19 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 4 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
APICORP believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
APICORP believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme, but the inability of APICORP to pay any amounts in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by APICORP based on information currently available to it or which 
it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The occurrence of any of the risks described below, or any other risks not currently known to APICORP, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group.  As used in this section, “material adverse effect” and any similar or related 
formulations mean a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations, business, liquidity, 
future prospects and reputation which, in turn, could negatively affect (i) APICORP’s ability to make payments in respect 
of Notes issued under the Programme and/or (ii) the market price of any Notes so issued. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT APICORP’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES 
ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Group's business principally involves lending money to, and making equity investments in, entities engaged in 
the oil and gas and energy sectors, principally in the OAPEC Member States, which exposes it to significant 
economic and political risks 
The Group's business principally involves lending money to, and making equity investments in, entities engaged in the oil 
and gas and energy sectors, principally in the OAPEC Member States. Historically, the markets for oil and gas have been 
volatile and they are likely to continue to be volatile in the future. Prices for oil and natural gas are based on world supply 
and demand and are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in demand, whether the result of 
uncertainty or a variety of additional factors beyond the control of the Group (as further described under "—The Group's 
business is concentrated on the oil and gas and energy sectors, which materially increases its economic risks" below) and 
the economies of those of the OAPEC Member States which are heavily dependent on the energy sector. 
Additionally, the Group is also exposed to adverse political developments in or affecting any of the OAPEC Member States 
including, in particular, the GCC countries, Egypt and Syria (as further described under "—The Group's business is 
concentrated in geographical terms, which materially increases its political risks" below). 
Either one or more of these developments could materially negatively impact the business of the Group's equity investees 
or the ability of the Group's borrowers to pay interest or principal on their loans and could give rise to an increase in non-
performing loans ("NPLs") in the Group's portfolio of loans and advances. 
The Group defines NPLs as loans and advances which it internally rates as "DDD" or below and which are typically 
transactions at or above 90 days past due, see "Risk management—Credit risk management—Credit rating and 
measurement" and any increase in the Group's NPLs would in turn be likely to result in an increase in the Group's 
impairment charges that could adversely affect its profitability. 
Either of the developments described above would also be likely to result in (i) an adverse effect on the value of the equity 
investments which the Group has made, which could negatively affect the Group's other comprehensive income and could 
also result in certain investments being impaired, (ii) an adverse effect on the ability of the Group's equity investee 
companies to pay dividends to the Group and/or (iii) potentially material losses if the Group is forced to divest any such 
investments. 
The Group's business is concentrated on the oil and gas and energy sectors, which materially increases its economic 
risks 
As at 30 June 2024, 41.3 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$5.1 billion loans and advances, net were to borrowers in the energy 
sector (including maritime transport of related products). A breakdown of the Group's loan portfolio by sub-sector within 
this sector is set out under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of 
APICORP – Analysis of certain statement of financial position items – Loans and advances – Portfolio sector and sub-
sector concentration". In addition, U.S.$240.2 million of the Group's equity securities at FVOCI as at 30 June 2024 were 
issued by entities in the energy sector and, as at the same date, the Group also owned U.S.$245.0 million in debt securities 
at FVOCI issued by entities in the energy sector. As at 31 December 2023, 41.5 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$4.6 billion 
loans and advances were to borrowers in the energy sector (including maritime transport of related products). As at the 
same date, the Group owned U.S.$277.7 million in debt securities at FVOCI issued by entities in the energy sector.

--- Page 20 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 5 - 
 
 
The oil and gas industry, in particular, has historically been cyclical, with levels of investment and profitability in that 
sector being materially dependent on prevailing international oil and gas prices, which have fluctuated significantly over 
the past two decades, and are likely to remain volatile in the future with increasingly complex interlinkages with other 
macro-economic conditions and parameters, as shown by the COVID-19 pandemic (which contributed to a significant 
decline in hydrocarbon prices in 2020) and the Russia - Ukraine conflict (which contributed to a significant increase in 
hydrocarbon prices in 2022). This volatility can be illustrated using the OPEC reference basket price, which is a price based 
on the average of the prices of petroleum blends that are produced by OPEC member countries. According to data produced 
by OPEC, the average annual OPEC reference basket prices in 2021, 2022 and 2023 were U.S.$69.89 per barrel, 
U.S.$100.08 per barrel and U.S.$82.95 per barrel, respectively. In comparison, the average annual OPEC reference basket 
prices were around U.S.$100 in each of the four years preceding 2015 and were U.S.$49.49 per barrel in 2015, U.S.$40.76 
per barrel in 2016, U.S.$52.43 per barrel in 2017, U.S.$69.78 per barrel in 2018, U.S.$64.04 per barrel in 2019 and 
U.S.$41.47 per barrel in 2020. 
Oil and gas prices may fluctuate in response to changes in many factors over which the Group has no control. These factors 
include, but are not limited to: 
• 
economic and political developments in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East, the United States 
and Russia; 
• 
global and regional supply and demand dynamics, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for oil 
and gas products, especially in the case of an accelerated energy transition scenario; 
• 
the ability of members of OPEC and other oil and gas producing nations to agree upon and maintain specified 
global production levels and prices; 
• 
global macroeconomic conditions, particularly in emerging and developing economies, including those related to 
inflation, interest rates, foreign exchange, GDP and global trade levels; 
• 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions, for example net zero 
targets; 
• 
other actions taken by major oil and gas producing or consuming countries; 
• 
armed conflict, natural disasters or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
• 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
The Group mainly invests in longer-term projects. Significant and sustained declines in international oil and gas prices 
could materially and adversely impact the economics of the projects being financed by the Group, which could result in 
the projects being restructured or, in extreme cases, becoming unviable. In all cases where there is a significant and 
sustained decline in oil and gas prices, the Group is likely: 
• 
to experience reduced dividend income from its equity investments - for example the Group's dividend income 
from its equity investments was U.S.$47.0 million in 2020 when oil prices were low and were U.S.$110.9 million 
in 2022 when oil prices were significantly higher; and/or 
• 
to incur impairment losses on its lending to, and equity investments in, these projects, which could adversely 
affect its profitability. 
In addition, the fair value of the Group's debt securities issued at FVOCI by oil and gas sector entities may be adversely 
affected by a sustained decline in the oil and gas sector which could result in significant other comprehensive losses and, 
potentially, impairment charges. 
Reflecting the above, any future substantial decline in the oil and gas prices could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group. 
The Group's business is concentrated in geographical terms, which materially increases its political risks 
As at 30 June 2024, 82 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$5.1 billion loans and advances, net was to borrowers in the GCC 
countries and a further 4.4 per cent. was to borrowers in North Africa, principally Egypt. A geographical breakdown of the 
Group's portfolio of loans and advances is set out under "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and 
results of operations of APICORP— Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances—
Portfolio geographical concentration". In addition, 82 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$1.4 billion Investments & Partnerships' 
portfolio as at 30 June 2024 were in or were issued by entities in Arab world countries, with six direct equity investments 
being in companies in Saudi Arabia, three in Egypt, two in Libya and one each in Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait and the

--- Page 21 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 6 - 
 
 
UAE. As at the same date, the Group also had U.S.$1,169.5 million in FVOCI debt securities issued by entities in the GCC 
and U.S.$267.3 million in placements with banks in the GCC.  
While some countries in the MENA region are seen as having a relatively stable political environment, a number of other 
jurisdictions in that region are not. Instability in the MENA region may result from a number of factors, including 
government or military regime change, civil unrest and terrorism. In particular, since early 2011 there has been political 
unrest in a range of MENA region countries, including Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Libya, Saudi Arabia and Syria (all 
of which are OAPEC Member States) and Jordan, Palestine, Oman, Tunisia and Yemen (which are not OAPEC Member 
States). This unrest has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and the overthrow of 
existing leadership and has given rise to increased political uncertainty across the MENA region. There is an ongoing civil 
war in Libya, with multiple sides claiming to be the legitimate government in the country. Conflict in Yemen has expanded 
into a multinational conflict, with GCC countries becoming involved in military operations against the Al Houthi militia. 
Unrest in Syria and conflicts between multiple sides (including the government of Bashar al-Assad, numerous rebel groups 
and 'Islamic State of Iraq and Syria') have led to many countries, including Russia, Iran, the United States and other North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization forces, becoming involved with military operations in Syria, supporting different sides. In 
October 2023, Israel declared war on Hamas and invaded the Gaza Strip in response to a terrorist attack in southern Israel 
from the Gaza Strip.  
There have also been diplomatic tensions between GCC nations as well as MENA region countries in recent years. For 
example, in June 2017, three GCC countries, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain, and two other regional countries, Egypt 
and Yemen, severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, cut transport links and imposed sanctions on Qatar. The stated rationale 
for these actions was Qatar's support of terrorist and extremist organisations and Qatar's interference in the internal affairs 
of other countries. In January 2021, diplomatic relations were restored between the countries applying sanctions and Qatar. 
Also, diplomatic relations between Algeria and Morocco deteriorated in 2021, leading to a freeze of diplomatic ties and 
the temporary suspension of Algerian natural gas exports to Europe through the Maghreb–Europe Gas Pipeline (with a 
capacity of 12 billion cubic metres per annum), at a time when European gas prices (and shortages) reached record levels. 
While some of these diplomatic tensions may have been resolved and ties restored, further breakdown in diplomatic 
relations between GCC and/or MENA region countries could have material adverse effect on the Group's business.  
The Group does not have operations in any of the countries currently affected by armed conflict, except in Libya where it 
has a direct equity investment in Arab Drilling and Workover Company (20 per cent. of equity), which has been revalued 
following its resumption of operations, and a direct equity investment in Arab Geophysical Exploration Services Company 
(16.7 per cent. of equity), which has been fully impaired. These investments together amount to 0.4 per cent. of APICORP's 
listed and unlisted equity securities, other investments at FVTPL and equity accounted investees. See "Description of the 
Group—Business—Investments—Investments & Partnerships' portfolio". 
There is no certainty that extremists or terrorist groups will not escalate violent activities in the MENA region or that any 
currently stable governments in the MENA region will be successful in maintaining the prevailing levels of domestic order 
and stability. It is not generally possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances, such as war or hostilities, or 
the impact of these occurrences, and no assurance can be given that the Group will be able to sustain the profitable operation 
of its business if adverse political events or circumstances that impact the countries in which it has significant investments 
occur. By way of example, in September 2019, drones were used to attack the state-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Company 
("Aramco") oil processing facilities at Abqaiq and Khurais in eastern Saudi Arabia, causing a significant loss of production. 
There have been further attacks on Saudi Arabian oil and gas facilities, most recently in March 2022, as well as attacks on 
UAE oil and gas facilities, most recently in January 2022. Subsequently, there have been numerous maritime incidents in 
and around the Red Sea, prompting multiple United States and United Kingdom air strikes on Al Houthi military assets in 
Yemen. Investors should also note that the Group's business and financial performance could be adversely affected by 
political, economic or related developments outside the MENA region that impact the MENA region because of inter-
relationships within the global financial markets. For example, the Russia - Ukraine conflict and its implications on the 
European energy markets, commodity prices and global inflationary pressures could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business and financial performance. Moreover, there is no certainty that the governments of the countries to which 
the Group is particularly exposed will not implement restrictive fiscal or monetary policies or regulations, including 
changes with respect to interest rates and new legal interpretations of existing regulations, any of which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group. 
Any delays to, or any failure to successfully implement, the Group's strategic plan could have material adverse 
impact on its financial performance  
The Group may fail to implement its growth strategy on time or with the expected results. In December 2023, the Group 
unveiled a new growth strategy to be implemented between 2024 and 2028. As part of this strategy, APICORP plans to 
focus on long-term growth, continuing to optimise its corporate banking and equity portfolios. APICORP also plans to 
invest up to U.S. $1 billion over the coming five years in energy transition including decarbonization technologies. See 
"Description of the Group—Strategy".

--- Page 22 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 7 - 
 
 
If the Group is not able to fully implement this growth strategy or if it fails to achieve the expected results, it may incur 
unexpected costs or fail to realise revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition or results of operations. Furthermore, even if the Group succeeds in fully implementing this strategic plan, it may 
not generate revenues or yield returns as expected or it could result in an increase in costs and expenses in excess of the 
Group's budget and/or increased credit risks arising from new markets, new products or new customers. The Group plans 
to make investments in new industries and technologies in which it has not priorly invested, and there can be no assurance 
that these new investments will yield similar returns to the Group's past investments. Any delays in implementing the 
Group's strategic initiatives could divert the attention of its management, result in additional expense, prevent the Group 
from pursuing other initiatives or, ultimately, prevent the Group from realising the anticipated benefits of this strategic 
plan, which could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group conducts a significant proportion of its business with affiliates 
The Group's principal related parties are the shareholders. While the Group does not transact commercial business directly 
with its shareholders themselves, the Group conducts a significant amount of business (mostly financing activities) with 
companies that are either controlled by the shareholders or over which the shareholders have significant influence (such 
companies are classified as affiliates). 
As at 30 June 2024, 73.4 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$5.1 billion loans and advances, net outstanding were made to 
affiliates. As at the same date, 82.6 per cent. of the Group's U.S.$1.6 billion listed and unlisted equity securities, other 
investments at FVTPL and equity accounted investees were in entities that are affiliates. In addition, 18.4 per cent. of the 
Group's U.S.$815.5 million total deposits as at 30 June 2024 were from affiliates. 
Although it is the Group's policy that loans to related parties are made at prevailing market interest rates and subject to 
normal commercial negotiation as to terms and the Group applies defined criteria to making direct equity investments, no 
assurance can be given that the Group would not have obtained more favourable terms from loans to, or direct equity 
investments in, third parties. In addition, it is possible that the Group may, in the future, be influenced in its decision to 
advance a loan or make a direct equity investment in a related party by virtue of its relationship with the relevant shareholder 
which owns or significantly influences the prospective investee. 
The Group has significant client concentrations in its portfolio of loans and advances 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's 10 largest loan exposures accounted for 35 per cent. of its loans and advances, unchanged 
from 34 per cent. as at June 2023. As a result, if any of these major clients is materially adversely affected, whether by low 
hydrocarbon prices, adverse economic or political conditions, or other factors, such that its ability to make payments to the 
Group is affected, this could result in a material increase in the Group's impairment charges and adversely affect its 
profitability and therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group is exposed to significant credit risk as a result of its lending activities and investments in fixed income 
securities 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's portfolio of loans and advances, net amounted to U.S.$5,133.9 million, or 49 per cent. of 
its total assets, its investments in debt securities at FVOCI amounted to U.S.$3,111.7 million, or 30 per cent. of its total 
assets, and its commitments to underwrite and fund loans amounted to U.S.$2,125.7 million, or 79 per cent. of its total off-
balance sheet commitments and exposures, as compared to U.S.$1,842.8 million and 80 per cent. as at 30 June 2023. 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial exposure or instrument fails 
to meet its contractual obligations. Credit risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of 
financings and amounts due from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group's businesses. The Group regularly 
reviews and analyses its portfolio of loans and advances and other credit risks, and the Group's provision for losses on its 
loans and advances is based on, among other things, its analysis of current and historical delinquency rates and loan 
management and the valuation of the underlying assets, as well as numerous other management assumptions. However, 
these internal analyses and assumptions may give rise to inaccurate predictions of credit performance, particularly in a 
volatile economic climate. See "—The Group's risk management policies, systems and procedures may leave it exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks" below. 
Credit risks could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific counterparties, from a general deterioration in 
local or global economic conditions or from systemic risks within the financial system in which the Group operates. Any 
of these factors could affect the recoverability and value of the Group's credit-related assets, result in an increase in NPLs 
and require an increase in impairment provisions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group.

--- Page 23 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 8 - 
 
 
A substantial increase in impairment provisions related to the Group's loans and advances or the occurrence of 
losses greater than the previously recorded impairment provisions in respect of such lending would have a material 
adverse effect on the Group 
In connection with its loans and advances, the Group periodically establishes impairment allowances for losses, which are 
recorded in its income statement under "impairment reversal/(loss) on financial instruments, net". The Group's overall 
level of impairment provisioning against its loans and advances is based upon its assessment of prior loss experience, the 
volume and type of financing advanced to its customers, the amount and type of collateral held, industry standards, 
ageing/past due loans, economic conditions in its borrowers' markets and other factors related to the recoverability of the 
financing. The Group seeks to make an appropriate level of provision for credit losses based on management's best estimate 
of the amount of loss expected to be incurred, however the Group may have to significantly increase its impairment 
provision for credit losses in the future as a result of any increase in NPLs or adverse economic conditions leading to 
increases in customers defaults, or for other reasons. In 2023, the Group recorded a reversal of charge on loans and advances 
of U.S.$6.2 million, as compared to impairment allowances it received on loans and advances of U.S.$33.5 million in 2022 
and U.S.$1.8 million in 2021. 
A significant increase in the Group's impairment charges or any change in its estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its 
syndicated and direct lending portfolio, as well as the occurrence of credit-related losses in excess of its impairment 
provisions, could have a material adverse effect on the Group in future periods. 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations, including funding commitments, when they 
fall due or will only be able to secure funding at excessive cost which then adversely impacts its profitability. Liquidity 
risk arises from the inability to manage unplanned decreases or changes in funding sources, which could result in a 
reduction in the Group's liquidity buffers or an increase in the share of short-term funding. 
Since the global financial crisis, financial institutions have continued to experience periods of reduced liquidity due to a 
variety of factors. The Group's funding as at 30 June 2024 comprised: 
• 
financing through the issue of securities in the form of sukuk and bonds issued, which amounted to U.S.$4,626.3 
million, and constituted 67 per cent. of its total funding (comprising deposits, securities sold under agreements to 
repurchase, term financing and sukuk and bonds issued) as at 30 June 2024; 
• 
deposits which it accepts from corporates, as well as from the shareholders and from banks, which amounted to 
U.S.$815.5 million, and constituted 12 per cent. of its total funding, at 30 June 2024;  
• 
term financing, which amounted to U.S.$957.5 million, and constituted 14 per cent. of its total funding, as at 30 
June 2024; and 
• 
securities sold under agreements to repurchase, which amounted to U.S.$501.6 million, and constituted 7.3 per 
cent. of its total funding, as at 30 June 2024. 
There has also been enhanced industry and investor focus on liquidity, including stability of deposits in light of the recent 
failures of banks, such as Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in the United States and Credit Suisse in Europe. The 
Group's ability to continue to obtain financing and the cost of such financing are dependent on numerous factors including 
general economic and market conditions, international interest rates, credit availability from banks or other lenders, investor 
confidence in the Group and the success of the Group's business. There can be no assurance that external financing, either 
on a short-term or long-term basis and whether to fund new loans and advances or investments or to repay existing 
financing, will be available or, if available, that such financing will be obtainable on terms that are not onerous to the 
Group. 
If appropriate sources of financing are not available or are only available on onerous terms and the Group does not have 
sufficient operating cash flow or cash generated from asset monetisations, this could adversely affect the Group's business 
through increased borrowing costs. In addition, the Group may be forced, amongst other measures, to do one or more of 
the following: 
• 
delay or reduce lending and investment expenditures; 
• 
forgo business opportunities; 
• 
sell assets on less than optimal terms; or 
• 
restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt on or before maturity, each of which could adversely affect its 
business.

--- Page 24 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 9 - 
 
 
The Group's deposits are typically short-term in nature, with all of its deposits being demand deposits or deposits with 
maturities of less than one year at 30 June 2024. Accordingly, there is a risk that if a significant number of the Group's 
depositors choose not to roll over their deposits at any time or withdraw their deposits at a rate faster than the rate at which 
obligors repay financing provided by the Group, the Group could experience difficulties in funding those lost deposits. The 
risk of this happening is likely to increase at times of poor economic performance or material declines in oil and gas prices 
when the Group's customers are more likely to need cash and, at those times, it is likely to be more expensive for the Group 
to fund those withdrawals from other sources. 
The dividends that the Group receives from its direct and indirect equity investments may vary materially from 
year to year 
The Group derives a considerable portion of its income from dividends from its equity investments and there is no certainty 
that dividends will be paid or as to the amount of any dividends that are paid. During the period ended 30 June 2024 and 
2023, the Group's dividend income from its equity investments amounted to U.S.$22.5 million and U.S.$33.4 million, 
respectively, which is equal to 14.5 per cent. and 25.8 per cent. of the Groups total net income before operating expenses 
and impairments in each period. In 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Group's dividend income from its equity investments 
amounted to U.S.$85.0 million, U.S.$110.9 million and U.S.$98.2 million, respectively, equal to 27.8 per cent., 41.4 per 
cent. and 64.9 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total income in each year. Almost all of the companies in the Group's 
direct equity investment portfolio are directly or indirectly related to the oil and gas sector, which is cyclical by nature. 
Material and sustained reductions in international oil and gas prices are likely to have a significant impact on the Group's 
equity investees' income and profitability and therefore are likely to result in those investees declaring significantly lower 
or no dividends, which could result in a material reduction in the Group's income, profitability and cash flows. In addition, 
the spill over effect of lower oil and gas revenues for GCC economies typically triggers a move by those countries to reduce 
government subsidies on local consumption of petrochemicals for both industrial and residential consumers. This is likely 
to have a significant impact on certain of the Group's investees' income and profitability, which in turn may also have a 
material adverse effect on the Group. 
The majority of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are illiquid 
The majority of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are not listed on an active market and are therefore 
illiquid. The value of the Group's equity investment portfolio (which principally comprises equity securities at FVOCI but 
also includes two subsidiaries, four associates and certain fund investments held at FVTPL as at 30 June 2024 was U.S.$1.5 
billion. As at the same date, the two major companies in the portfolio were listed and actively traded were Yanbu National 
Petrochemical Company ("YANSAB") in Saudi Arabia and Misr Oil Processing Company ("MOPCO") in Egypt. The 
Group's equity investments in YANSAB and MOPCO were valued at U.S.$66.4 million and U.S.$59.1 million, 
respectively, equal to 8.35 per cent. in aggregate of the total listed and unlisted equities and equity accounted investees, as 
at 30 June 2024. If the Group elects to exit any of its unlisted direct and indirect equity investments which are not fair 
valued using quoted prices on active markets, monetising these investments could be a lengthy process and there is no 
certainty as to the price which would be obtainable.  
The Group is exposed to various risks related to business investments, such as the possible inability to recover its 
investments, exit losses, or being unable to earn the planned profits. In order to manage business investment risk, the Group 
evaluates the meaning and purpose of the investment, quantitatively evaluates the downside risk and return of an investment 
and whether, based on the characteristics of a business, the return on the investment exceeds the expected rate of return. 
For example, in 2023, the Group decided to exit its investments in Riyadh Cables and Empower. These exits were aligned 
with APICORP's strategy of regularly reviewing its portfolio and divesting from investments that have achieved their 
envisaged objectives. 
The Group generally does not control or have significant influence over its direct and indirect equity investments 
The Group does not typically consolidate its direct and indirect equity investments as it generally does not hold stakes 
which give it control or significant influence over its investee companies. The Group's philosophy when making equity 
investments is that it should principally act in a fiduciary and advisory capacity, typically through a seat on the relevant 
investee's board of directors. The Group's inability to exercise control or significant influence over the majority of its equity 
investments exposes the Group to a situation where an investee may make business, financial or management decisions 
with which the Group does not agree, or that the majority shareholders or the management of any investee may take risks 
or otherwise act in a manner that is contrary to the Group's interests. Should this occur, this could result in a significant 
reduction in dividend income from, or the value of, the Group's direct and indirect equity investments, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group.

--- Page 25 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 10 - 
 
 
APICORP is a multilateral financial institution without guarantee-related support from its shareholders 
APICORP is a multilateral financial institution, headquartered in Saudi Arabia and owned by the OAPEC Member States. 
Its three largest shareholders, which together own 51.0 per cent. of APICORP's shares, are Saudi Arabia, the UAE and 
Kuwait. 
The OAPEC Member States have agreed in the Establishing Agreement to support APICORP on a joint and several basis 
and each shareholder has participated in APICORP's six (issued and fully paid) capital increases since it was established. 
In addition, APICORP has U.S.$8.5 billion in callable capital, which is a joint and several obligation of each shareholder 
to provide additional capital within two months when called if required to service debt, to expand development operations 
(while maintaining capital adequacy ratios) or to absorb losses from treasury or development-related assets. The issuance 
of callable capital requires convening a shareholder meeting and APICORP cannot compel its shareholders to provide such 
capital. Accordingly, neither the agreement to support APICORP nor the callable capital is a guarantee and neither should 
be construed as providing contractual rights to APICORP's creditors. Reflecting the above, there is no certainty that 
APICORP's shareholders will continue to provide further capital to it and, if they do not, the Group's business and/or 
financial condition may be constrained. 
The Group may be adversely affected by the outbreak of communicable diseases such as new variants of the 
COVID-19 virus or any other infectious disease outbreak 
Significant outbreaks of contagious diseases, including the outbreak of new variants of the COVID-19 virus or any other 
infectious disease outbreak, may result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the global economy and 
result in volatility in the international financial markets. For instance, following the outbreak of COVID-19 (which affected 
almost all countries), almost all countries introduced measures to contain the spread of the virus, including temporary 
border closures and imposing restrictions on the movement of their citizens. These measures adversely affected the 
economies of countries around the world, particularly in 2020 and 2021, and the Group was negatively impacted as a result. 
Since it was first identified, new variants of COVID-19 have been identified and outbreaks of the virus have recurred in 
many countries, at times resulting in further restrictions being imposed to combat the virus. It is impossible to determine 
whether any other potentially more infectious or vaccine-resistant, variants of COVID-19 or any other infectious disease 
outbreak may evolve in the future and should any do so significant restrictions could be re-imposed around the world which 
would be likely to adversely affect global and local economies, as well as the oil and gas and energy industries on which 
the Group is focused. Any recurrence of the virus or possible future mutations in the virus or significant outbreak of any 
other infectious diseases may prove difficult to contain and may also materially adversely affect the Group's financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As a result of any future outbreak of any infectious disease, including any new strains of the COVID-19, or other public 
health crisis, whether in GCC countries, the MENA region or globally, the Group may be forced to consider adjustments 
to specific elements of its operations and/or customer exposures, including loan tenor extensions and restructuring, all of 
which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any 
material changes in the financial markets or the global economy as a result of these public health events or developments 
may materially and adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by market risks 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by market risks that are outside its control, including, without limitation, 
volatility in interest rates, changes in credit spreads, prices of securities and currency exchange rates. In particular, an 
increase in interest rates generally may decrease the value of the Group's fixed-rate loans and securities and may increase 
the Group's funding costs and a widening of credit spreads may adversely affect the value of its debt securities portfolio. 
In addition, it is the Group's experience that its fixed rate assets generally re-price faster than its fixed rate liabilities which 
means that the Group generally benefits at times of increasing interest rates but is adversely affected at times of falling 
interest rates. See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—
Principal factors affecting results of operations—Factors affecting net interest income" and "Risk management—Market 
risk management—Interest rate risk". Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including the 
policies of central banks, political factors and domestic and international economic conditions. 
The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the possibility that the value of a foreign 
currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency exchange rates as well as the possibility that the Group 
may have to close out any open position in a foreign currency at a loss due to an adverse movement in exchange rates. The 
Group attempts to manage its foreign exchange rate risk by conducting a regular review of exposures to currencies other 
than the U.S. dollar to ensure that no significant positions are taken which may expose the Group to undue risks, by not 
trading in foreign exchange and by hedging its exposures in currencies other than the U.S. dollar through forward contracts, 
although there can be no assurance that any such hedging activity will in all cases protect the Group against its foreign 
exchange rate risks. See also "Risk management—Market risk management—Currency risk".

--- Page 26 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 11 - 
 
 
The Group enters into derivative transactions, such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge 
its exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks. These derivative contracts had a notional value of U.S.$6.0 
billion as at 30 June 2024, compared to U.S.$5.6 billion as at 31 December 2023, U.S.$5.4 billion as at 31 December 2022 
and U.S.$5.1 billion as at 31 December 2021 and the Group's derivatives portfolio had a net negative fair value of 
U.S.$143.2 million as at 30 June 2024, a net negative value of U.S.$164.4 million as at 31 December 2023, a net negative 
value of U.S.$183.6 million as at 31 December 2022 and net positive fair values of U.S.$18.9 million as at 31 December 
2021. There is no assurance that the Group's derivative contracts and its hedging strategy will be successful in mitigating 
its interest rate and foreign exchange exposures or that the Group will not experience significant losses on its derivatives 
contracts from time to time. 
Adverse movements in interest and foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenue and financial condition 
of the Group's depositors, borrowers and other counterparties which, in turn, may impact the Group's deposit base and the 
quality of its credit exposures to certain borrowers and other counterparties. Ultimately, there can be no assurance that the 
Group will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects of a currency revaluation or future volatility in interest rates 
or currency exchange rates. 
The Group is exposed to a range of operational risks, including the risk of loss as a result of employee 
misrepresentation, misconduct and improper practice 
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to 
obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, systems 
and equipment failures (including, in particular, information technology ("IT") failures), natural disasters or the failure of 
external systems (for example, those of the Group's counterparties or vendors). The Group has implemented risk controls 
and loss mitigation strategies, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, 
but it is not possible to eliminate entirely each of the potential operational risks that the Group faces. Losses from the failure 
of the Group's system of internal controls could have a material adverse effect on its business generally and its reputation. 
The Group's employees could engage in misrepresentation, misconduct or improper practice that could expose the Group 
to direct and indirect financial loss and damage to its reputation. Such practices may include embezzling clients' funds, 
engaging in corrupt or illegal practices to originate further business, intentionally or inadvertently releasing confidential 
information about clients or failing to follow internal procedures. It is not always possible to detect or prevent these types 
of misconduct, and the precautions which the Group takes to detect and prevent such misconduct may not be effective in 
all cases. There can be no assurance that measures undertaken to combat these types of misconduct will be successful. Any 
such actions by employees could expose the Group to financial losses resulting from the need to reimburse clients, co-
investors or other business partners who suffered loss or as a result of fines or other regulatory sanctions, and could damage 
the Group's reputation. 
The Group is dependent on its IT systems and any disruption to these systems could materially disrupt the Group's 
business 
The Group depends on its IT systems to process its transactions on an accurate and timely basis and to store and process 
substantially all of the Group's business and operating data. The proper functioning of the Group's financial control, risk 
management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well as the 
communication networks between its offices and main data processing centres, are critical to its business and its ability to 
compete effectively. The Group's business would be materially adversely affected if there were a prolonged partial or 
complete failure of any of these IT systems or communications networks. Such failures can be caused by a variety of 
reasons some of which are outside the Group's control, including natural disasters, extended power outages, and computer 
viruses and other external electronic attacks as discussed under "—The Group's IT systems are subject to potential cyber- 
attack" below. The proper functioning of the Group's IT systems also depends on accurate and reliable data and other 
system inputs, which are subject to internal human errors. Any failure or delay in recording or processing transaction data 
could subject the Group to claims for losses and regulatory fines and penalties. There can be no assurance that the Group's 
IT safeguards will be fully effective in the event of a disaster and or that they will protect the Group from all losses that 
could occur. 
The Group's IT systems are subject to potential cyber-attack 
In common with other financial institutions globally, the threat to the security of the Group's information and customer 
data from security breaches and cyber-attacks presents a real and growing risk to the Group's business. Activists, rogue 
states and cyber criminals are among those targeting IT systems around the world. Risks to technology and cyber-security 
evolve and change rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring and investment in preventative measures. Given the 
increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant 
breaches of security. A failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and continually monitor, review and update current 
processes in response to new threats could have a number of material adverse effects on the Group, including disruption to

--- Page 27 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 12 - 
 
 
its business, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information, significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage to 
its reputation. 
The Group's risk management policies, systems and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
The Group is exposed to a wide range of financial risks, such as credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, currency 
exchange rate risk, equity price risk, and IT and other operational risks. 
Although the Group has established risk management policies, procedures and internal controls based on international 
practices and invests substantial time and effort in the development, implementation and monitoring of risk management 
strategies and techniques, it cannot mitigate risk exposures under all market environments and may fail to manage its risks 
adequately at all times, particularly, for example, when risks that it has not identified or anticipated materialise. 
The Group's methods of managing risk include the use of historical market behaviour and setting appropriate risk appetite 
and maximum tolerance levels to determine and monitor risk exposures. In addition, stress testing using forward-looking 
scenarios is designed to assist the Group in analysing the impact of possible future events on its capital, profitability, 
liquidity and funding position, which in turn helps to shape the Group's strategy. The Group's risk management methods 
are intended to assist it in predicting possible impacts on its risk exposures, but actual outcomes may prove to be 
significantly different from those which its risk management models predict and could be significantly greater than 
historical measures indicate. 
Investors should note that any failure by the Group to adequately control the risks to which it is exposed, including as a 
result of any failure to successfully implement new risk management systems in the future, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group. 
The Group's internal compliance systems might not be fully effective in all circumstances 
The Group's ability to comply with all applicable regulations is largely dependent on its maintenance of compliance, audit 
and reporting systems and procedures, and its ability to attract and retain personnel qualified to manage and monitor such 
systems and procedures. Although the Group is subject to oversight by regulatory authorities, including the Central Bank 
of Bahrain with respect to its Bahrain branch, and performs regular internal audits through an external auditing firm, the 
Group cannot be certain that its systems and procedures will be fully effective in all circumstances, particularly in the case 
of deliberate employee misconduct or other frauds perpetrated against it. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance 
with applicable regulations, the Group could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that 
may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits for damages. 
A negative change in APICORP's credit rating could limit its ability to raise funding and may increase the Group's 
borrowing costs 
APICORP is currently rated Aa2 (on a long-term basis) with stable outlook by Moody's, AA+ (on a long-term basis) with 
stable outlook by Fitch and AA- (on a long-term basis) with stable outlook by S&P. These credit ratings are an important 
factor in determining the Group's cost of borrowing. The interest rates charged on the Group's borrowings are also partly 
dependent on its credit ratings. 
There is no assurance that APICORP's credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that either rating 
will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A downgrade of APICORP's credit 
ratings, or a negative change in its outlook, may: 
• 
limit APICORP's ability to raise funding; 
• 
increase APICORP's cost of borrowing; and 
• 
limit APICORP's ability to raise capital. 
In addition, actual or anticipated changes in APICORP's credit ratings may negatively affect the market value of any Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
In its July 2024 rating report on APICORP, Fitch noted that a deterioration of APICORP's credit risk which could be driven 
by either the NPL ratio being sustained above 1% over the medium term or a decline in the adjusted average rating of loans 
to the BBB category, an increase in leverage or marked increase in valuation losses that erodes APICORP's capital as well 
as reduced liquidity buffers, a decline in the credit quality of its treasury assets and/or an increase in the share of APICORP's 
short-term funding, could individually or collectively lead to a negative rating action or downgrade of APICORP.  
In its July 2023 credit opinion on APICORP, Moody's noted that erosion of capital adequacy, due to significantly higher 
leverage and/or deteriorating asset quality in the context of a portfolio shift toward riskier equity investments, would likely

--- Page 28 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 13 - 
 
 
exert a negative pressure on the rating and that such pressure would be magnified if also accompanied by a weakening 
liquidity profile. Moody's also noted that a more rapid path of carbon transition than currently expected could also lead to 
increased negative rating pressure, given APICORP's asset and shareholder exposure to the oil and gas sector.  
In its March 2023 ratings report on APICORP, S&P noted that it could consider a downgrade over the next 24 months if 
APICORP's financial metrics deteriorated markedly, for example as a result of a rapid increase in non-performing assets, 
or if its risk management practices weakened. Additionally, S&P noted that reduced shareholder support or decreasing 
policy importance would put negative pressure on APICORP's rating. 
The ratings assigned to APICORP may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Group, the market or any 
other factors that may affect the value of Notes issued under the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In addition, actual or 
anticipated changes in APICORP's credit rating could negatively affect the market value of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The Group's continued success depends on its ability to attract and retain key management and qualified personnel 
The Group is dependent on its senior management for the implementation of its strategy and the operation of its day to day 
activities. While the Group has entered into two-year employment contracts with key members of its management, there is 
no certainty that its current members of senior management will continue to make their services available to the Group on 
a longer-term basis. 
In addition, the Group's success will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to retain, motivate and attract qualified and 
experienced banking and management personnel and it may need to increase employee compensation levels to do so. 
Competition within the regional banking industry for qualified banking and management personnel is intense due to the 
low number of available qualified and/or experienced individuals compared to the level of demand. There is no certainty 
that the Group will at all times be able to successfully recruit and retain necessary qualified personnel. The loss of members 
of the Group's senior management team or an inability to recruit, train and/or retain necessary personnel could hinder the 
growth of the Group's business. 
The Group faces significant and increasing competition 
The Group principally competes with regional and international banks operating in the MENA region with recognised 
expertise in project finance as well as in the financing of energy projects. The Group cannot be certain that if its competitors 
offer more attractively priced and easily accessible products, its customers will nevertheless prefer the products offered by 
the Group and there is no certainty that the Group will be able to compete effectively against current and future competitors. 
The Group is subject to regulation 
Subject to the Establishing Agreement, APICORP is subject to certain laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies 
of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and any other jurisdiction in which it operates. These regulations may limit the Group's activities, 
and changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, could materially affect the Group's 
business, the products or services offered, the value of its assets, and its financial position. Although the Group complies 
with the policies set by the applicable regulators in each country in which it operates and continually monitors the situation, 
future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies cannot be predicted and are beyond the Group's control. 
RISK RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period when the Issuer may elect 
to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date for tax reasons 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant 
Jurisdictions or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes,

--- Page 29 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 14 - 
 
 
the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons) of the Notes. 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security with a 
similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor.  During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the Early 
Redemption Amount.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are subject to increased volatility 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate.  The market 
values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based 
on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because 
an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in 
prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are subject to additional risks 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where 
Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
Interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as 
it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmark Regulation, as 
applicable, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national or 
other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks 
of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain “benchmarks,” trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to 
the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with 
the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  The euro risk free-rate working group 
for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, 
amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”).  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant 
contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  On 11 May 2021, 
the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback 
rates. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in 
Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement)) or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such

--- Page 30 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 15 - 
 
 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that 
is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the 
term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based 
on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful 
or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an 
alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in 
accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of 
the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulations reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This 
relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of bonds referencing SOFR, but also how widely SOFR and related methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference SOFR issued under the Programme.  The Issuer may in the future 
also issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous Notes issued by it under the Programme.  The development of SOFR for the Eurobond markets could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference SOFR issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with 
the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal 
of Notes referencing SOFR. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in SOFR notes issued to date.  
No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are 
still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain 
risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  For example, on 2 March 2020, 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index.  If the 
relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to 
such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which reference 
SOFR or any related indices. 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and has a limited 
history 
SOFR differs from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without 
limitation) being backwards-looking, calculated on a compounded basis, risk-free, overnight rate and secured, whereas

--- Page 31 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 16 - 
 
 
EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured 
and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that SOFR may behave 
materially differently to EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, 
SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over 
time to EURIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market 
rates. 
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history.  The future performance 
of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance.  The level of SOFR during the 
term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the 
behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should 
not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR nor should they rely on any 
hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of 
interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes.  Further, in contrast 
to EURIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes referencing SOFR become due and payable as a result of an event of default under 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the 
final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue SOFR 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR.  There can be no guarantee that 
SOFR will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Notes referencing SOFR.  In particular, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as 
administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR or its related 
indices, including changes related to the method by which SOFR or a related index is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR or a related index.  In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or a related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation 
to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR or a related 
index. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in market 
interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest bearing 
securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other leverage factor 
are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or other leverage 
factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market values may be 
even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES DENOMINATED IN RENMINBI 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”) is set 
out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of 
the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present.  The government of the PRC (the “PRC Government”) continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies. 
Although the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle 
cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise

--- Page 32 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 17 - 
 
 
control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation 
will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC.  Further, if any new PRC regulations are 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi 
for payment of transactions categorised as capital accounts items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to 
the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.  In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC 
in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source 
Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes 
and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC is limited. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes.  To the extent the 
Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the 
Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by changes in the PRC 
and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors.  All payments of interest and principal 
will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified.  As a result, the value of these 
Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms (or in terms of other applicable foreign currencies) may vary with the prevailing 
exchange rates in the market place.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of the investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline.  In addition, there may 
be tax consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting from any investment in Renminbi 
Notes. 
In the event access to Renminbi deliverable in the Renminbi Settlement Centre becomes restricted to the extent that, by 
reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer is unable to make 
payments in Renminbi, the Issuer’s obligation to make such payments in Renminbi under the terms of the Renminbi Notes 
is replaced by an obligation to make such payments in U.S. dollars pursuant to Condition 10(k) (Payment of U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent) and Condition 11(g) (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) of the Notes.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi 
payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in that 
foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on the Renminbi 
Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than 
five or more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such 
payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or 
principal, as the case may be. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further liberalisation may 
increase interest rate volatility.  In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may significantly 
deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and 
regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will consequently vary with 
the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates.  If holders of the Renminbi Notes propose to sell their Renminbi Notes 
before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) in order 
to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s).  All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will 
be made solely:  (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank

--- Page 33 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 18 - 
 
 
account maintained in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
prevailing rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system; or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive 
form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than as provided in Condition 10(k) (Payment of 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent) and Condition 11(g) (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) of the Notes, the Issuer cannot be 
required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by 
transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
PRC Taxation 
Prospective holders of Renminbi Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the overall PRC tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Renminbi Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax 
laws of the PRC. 
RISKS RELATING TO ENFORCEMENT 
Enforcing foreign judgments and arbitral awards against APICORP 
If APICORP fails to meet its payment obligations under the Notes, it may be necessary to bring an action against APICORP 
to enforce its obligations which could be time consuming and costly.  APICORP has irrevocably agreed to the Notes being 
governed by English law and that any disputes shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Rules.  
An arbitration award rendered in London, in favour of the Noteholders should be enforceable against APICORP in the 
courts of those Relevant Jurisdictions which are signatories to the New York Convention on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the “New York Convention”).  However, in practice, and notwithstanding 
the New York Convention, such awards may not be enforceable consistently under the laws of all of the Relevant 
Jurisdictions.  APICORP has also agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England (the “English courts”) at 
the option of the Noteholders in respect of any dispute relating to the Notes.  Notwithstanding that a judgment may be 
obtained in the English courts in favour of the Noteholders, there is no assurance that APICORP has or would at the relevant 
time have assets in the UK against which such a judgment could be enforced.  Under the laws of certain of the Relevant 
Jurisdictions (for example, under the laws of Saudi Arabia) it is unlikely that the courts of such Relevant Jurisdictions 
would enforce an English court judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and such courts may not observe 
the parties’ choice of English law as the governing law of the relevant Notes.  In certain of the Relevant Jurisdictions, 
foreign law is required to be established as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law by the courts of such 
Relevant Jurisdictions may not accord with the interpretation of an English court.  Additionally, in such Relevant 
Jurisdictions, the choice of foreign law is recognised if the courts of such Relevant Jurisdictions are satisfied that an 
appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen.  Such 
courts are unlikely, however, to honour any provision of foreign law which is contrary to public policy, order or morals in 
such Relevant Jurisdiction, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, such Relevant Jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, there is no guarantee that any arbitration award rendered in London or any judgment obtained in the English 
courts, in each case in favour of the Noteholders, would be enforceable against APICORP in the courts of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction. 
Claims for specific enforcement 
In the event that APICORP fails to perform its obligations under the Notes, the potential remedies available to the 
Noteholders include obtaining an order for specific enforcement of the relevant obligations or a claim for damages.  There 
is no assurance that any court would order specific enforcement of a contractual obligation, as this is generally a matter for 
the discretion of the relevant court. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of possible factors 
including an obligation on the Noteholders to mitigate any loss arising as a result of the breach.  No assurance is provided 
on the level of damages which a court may award in the event of a failure by APICORP to perform its obligations under 
the Notes. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
The use of proceeds of the Notes of any Series identified as Green Notes in the relevant Final Terms may not meet 
investor expectations or requirements or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes identified therein as Green Notes will provide that it is the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount at least equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Notes, to finance and/or refinance, 
in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework.

--- Page 34 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 19 - 
 
 
The Issuer will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that will be financed 
by the equivalent amount.  If the use of the proceeds of Green Notes is a factor in any potential investor’s decision to invest 
in Green Notes, that investor should carefully consider the disclosure in “Use of Proceeds” and consult with its legal or 
other advisers before making an investment in Green Notes.  In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, 
the Agents or any other person that the use of the equivalent amount for any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, notwithstanding the Issuer’s intention stated above, potential investors should be aware that the Issuer has no 
contractual obligation to use the equivalent amount as stated in, or to provide the reports described in, “Use of Proceeds”.  
Any failure by the Issuer to use the equivalent amount as stated or to provide the reports will not constitute an event of 
default under Condition 13 (Events of Default) with respect to the Green Notes but may affect the value and/or the trading 
price of the Green Notes and/or have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently labelled project or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label and no assurance can be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not change 
significantly. 
The EU Taxonomy, which is subject to a phased implementation, may provide some definition for such topics in the 
European Union.  However, the full scope and applicability of the EU Taxonomy, as well as exactly when it will take 
effect, remains uncertain.  Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Agents or 
any other person) to investors that:  (a) any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will 
meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently labelled performance objectives; (b) any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects; or (c) the Green Finance Framework will be aligned with the EU 
Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework or guidelines. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of the Green Notes and in particular with any of the businesses and projects funded with the equivalent amount to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria.  For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any such opinion 
or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Agents or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold Green Notes.  Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion was 
initially issued.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in Green Notes.  The providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight.  Any information on, or accessible through, the Group’s website relating to any 
Green Finance Framework which the Group may publish from time to time and the information in such framework(s) and 
any related opinion or certification including any second party opinion is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
If Green Notes are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or 
other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any Green Notes.  Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another.  Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Green Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes concerned. 
While it is the Issuer’s intention to apply the equivalent amount and obtain and publish the relevant reports and opinions 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, there can be no assurance (whether by the Issuer, the 
Dealers, the Agents or any other person) that the Issuer will be able to do this.  Nor can there be any assurance that any 
Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or 
not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.

--- Page 35 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 20 - 
 
 
Any such event as described in the last sentence of the preceding paragraph or failure by the Issuer to apply the equivalent 
amount for any Eligible Green Projects or to obtain and publish any such reports and opinions, will not give rise to any 
claim in contract of a holder of Green Notes against the Issuer, any Dealer, the Agents or any other person.  The withdrawal 
of any such report or opinion, or any report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which that report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, 
opining or certifying, and/or any Green Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Green Notes concerned and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
The net proceeds of the issue of any Green Notes which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding for Eligible Green 
Projects are intended by the Issuer to be invested in green bond funds or otherwise in cash, cash equivalents and/or 
marketable securities, in accordance with the Group’s cash management policies and excluding investments covered by 
the exclusions referenced in “Use of Proceeds” below.  While the Issuer intends to place the net proceeds of the issue of 
any Green Notes in a segregated account, there can be no assurance that the Green Notes or any proceeds therefrom will 
not be used to absorb any and all losses of the Issuer, regardless of whether or not such losses stem from green, sustainable 
or other assets, in the same way as the Issuer’s other instruments not classified as Green Notes which may be called upon 
to cover all losses on the balance sheet. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification, waiver or substitution without the 
consent of all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or 
more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such 
a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Holders of Notes held through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures of those clearing 
systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and vote at meetings of Noteholders 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC (each as 
defined under “Forms of the Notes”).  Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be 
entitled to receive Notes in definitive form.  Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective 
direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it.  While 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the Notes by 
making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on 
the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes.  The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so represented.  
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 36 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 21 - 
 
 
Notes may be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease:  (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; 
and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes.  As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer and/or any Notes are subject to ongoing evaluations and there can be no assurance 
that the ratings currently assigned to the Issuer and/or any Notes will not be downgraded 
The Notes of each Series may be unrated or may be rated by one or more independent credit rating agencies who may also 
assign credit ratings to the Notes.  Any ratings of either the Issuer or the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all 
the risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Notes.  Nevertheless, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer’s credit ratings or the ratings of the Notes generally may 
affect the market value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction may also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EEA third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances.  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation.  As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, 
third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third 
country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment.  
This may result in relevant regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary 
market.

--- Page 37 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 22 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus, and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information (including the auditor’s report thereon and 
notes thereto) of the Group in respect of the six month period ended 30 June 2024 (https://www.apicorp.org/wp-
content/uploads/Signed-APICORP-FS-30-JUNE-2024.pdf) 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the independent auditor’s report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Group in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 (https://www.apicorp.org/wp-
content/uploads/Final-Signed-APICORP-YE-2023.pdf) 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the independent auditor’s report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Group in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (https://www.apicorp.org/wp-
content/uploads/APICORP_ConsolidatedFS2022_Eng_Final.pdf); 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 34 to 67 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 19  July 
2023 relating to the Programme (https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/APICORP-GMTN-U23-Base-
Prospectus-2023.pdf); 
(v) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 34 to 69 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 5 July 
2022 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/Base-Prospectus-
GMTN_2022.pdf); 
(vi) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 32 to 66 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 15 July 
2021 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/Base-Prospectus-
GMTN_2021.pdf); 
(vii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 33 to 62 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 5 May 
2020 relating to the Programme (https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/Base-Prospectus_GMTN-
_May_5_2020.pdf); and 
(viii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 31 to 57 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 29 August 
2018 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
(https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/Base-Prospectus-
GMTN_2018.pdf). 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, 
information contained on the above-mentioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement 
(or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 23 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, 
the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes 
which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue 
of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms 
or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the 
relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 24 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in 
bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
“Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to 
be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing 
system.  Each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “ICSDs”). 
On 13 June 2006, the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU 
securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), 
provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same time,. the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes 
in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in 
global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible 
as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used.  Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche 
of Notes are in NGN form, the relevant Final Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life, as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The common safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued 
in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in 
whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, on or after the day following the expiry 
of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note 
is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of 
the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to 
the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Issuing and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, 
in whole but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”) on or after the day following the expiry 
of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 25 - 
 
 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes on or after the day following the expiry 
of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Notes will only be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in integral multiples 
of another smaller amount in excess thereof if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described 
in the Temporary Global Note”. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then 
if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Notes are to be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in integral multiples of 
another smaller amount in excess thereof as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes cannot be represented on issue 
by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms and 
conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) will be represented by either: 
(i) 
individual Note Certificates in registered form (“Individual Note Certificates”); or

--- Page 41 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 26 - 
 
 
(ii) 
one or more unrestricted global note certificates (“Unrestricted Global Note Certificate(s)”) in the case of 
Registered Notes sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (“Unrestricted 
Registered Notes”) and/or one or more restricted global note certificates (“Restricted Global Note 
Certificate(s)”) in the case of Registered Notes sold to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A who are also QPs 
(“Restricted Registered Notes”), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and references in this Base Prospectus to “Global Note Certificates” 
shall be construed as a reference to Unrestricted Global Note Certificates and/or Restricted Global Note Certificates. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008 and titled “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding structure 
and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market participants and 
that Notes to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the “New Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”) would be in 
compliance with the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New 
Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will either be:  (a) in the case of an Unrestricted Global 
Note Certificate which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Unrestricted Global Note Certificates issued in respect of any Tranche of Notes are intended to be held under 
the NSS, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Unrestricted Global Note Certificates are intended to 
be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Unrestricted Global Note 
Certificates are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The common 
safekeeper for a Unrestricted Global Note Certificate held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. (or such other 
entity as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) as nominee for The Depositary Trust Company (“DTC”) and the relevant 
Restricted Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the custodian for DTC (the “DTC 
Custodian”).  Beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate may only be held through 
DTC at any time. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will at all 
times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Note Certificates each of which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note Certificate”, then: 
(a) 
in the case of any Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC, if DTC notifies the Issuer that it 
is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the 
Global Note Certificate or DTC ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act or 
if at any time DTC is no longer eligible to act as such, and the relevant Issuer is unable to locate a 
qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice or becoming aware of such ineligibility on the part 
of DTC;

--- Page 42 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 27 - 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of any Unrestricted Global Note Certificate, if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; and 
(c) 
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having an interest in 
a Global Note Certificate must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with such information as the 
Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note Certificates (including the name and address 
of each person in which the Notes represented by the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal 
amount of each such person’s holding).  In addition, whenever a Restricted Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for 
Individual Note Certificates, each person having an interest in the Restricted Global Note Certificate must provide the 
Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with a certificate given by or on behalf of the holder of each beneficial 
interest in the Restricted Global Note Certificate stating either (i) that such holder is not transferring its interest at the time 
of such exchange or (ii) that the transfer or exchange of such interest has been made in compliance with the transfer 
restrictions applicable to the Notes and that the person transferring such interest reasonably believes that the person 
acquiring such interest is a QIB who is also a QP and is obtaining such beneficial interest in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A.  Individual Note Certificates issued in exchange for interests in the Restricted Global Note 
Certificate will bear the legends and be subject to the transfer restrictions set out under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global 
Note Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Note 
Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates 
against the surrender of the Global Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning 
the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note Certificate 
and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note Certificate will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
“Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by (in 
the case of a Global Note not issued in NGN form) a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or (in the case of a Global Note issued in NGN form) a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case 
may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Note Certificates, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name the relevant Global Note Certificate 
is for the time being registered in the Register which:  (i) in the case of a Restricted Global Note Certificate held by or on 
behalf of DTC, will be Cede & Co. (or such other entity as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) as nominee for DTC; 
and (ii) in the case of any Unrestricted Global Note Certificate which is held by or on behalf of (in the case of a Global 
Note not issued in NGN form) a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system or (in the case of a Global Note issued in NGN form) a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate (each an “Accountholder”) must look 
solely to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note

--- Page 43 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 28 - 
 
 
Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Note Certificate.  The extent to 
which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and any other relevant clearing system from time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global 
Note or Global Note Certificate, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or 
Global Note Certificate. 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures.  None of 
the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent and the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants relating to payments made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the 
records of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system or the records of their 
respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in respect of their 
holdings of Notes.  Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Note Certificate to such persons will be 
limited.  Because clearing systems only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the 
ability of a person having an interest in a Global Note Certificate to pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not 
participate in the relevant clearing systems, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the 
lack of an Individual Note Certificate representing such interest. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under “Transfer 
Restrictions”, transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders, on the other will be effected by the relevant clearing systems in accordance with their respective rules and 
through action taken by the DTC Custodian, the Registrar and the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
On or after the issue date for any Tranche of Notes, transfers of Notes of such Tranche between accountholders in Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Tranche between participants in DTC will generally have 
a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment 
will apply to such transfers. 
Transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the 
other will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on the other, transfers of interests in the 
relevant Global Note Certificates will be effected through the Issuing and Paying Agent, the DTC Custodian, the relevant 
Registrar and any applicable Transfer Agent receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the transferor 
and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee.  
Transfers will be effected on the later of:  (i) three business days after the trade date for the disposal of the interest in the 
relevant Global Note Certificate resulting in such transfer; and (ii) two business days after receipt by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the necessary certification or information to effect such transfer.  In the case 
of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants 
cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payment must be made separately.  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment between 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders or between DTC participants are not affected. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
Upon the issue of a Restricted Global Note Certificate to be held by or on behalf of DTC, DTC or the DTC Custodian will 
credit the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Global Note Certificate to 
the account of DTC participants.  Ownership of beneficial interests in such Global Note Certificate will be held through 
participants of DTC, including the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such Global Note Certificate will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected 
only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee.  DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted 
to be taken by a holder of Registered Notes represented by a Global Note Certificate held by or on behalf of DTC (including, 
without limitation, the presentation of such Global Note Certificates for exchange as described above) only at the direction 
of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in such Global Note Certificate are credited, and only in 
respect of such portion of the aggregate nominal amount of such Global Note Certificate as to which such participant or 
participants has or have given such direction.  However, in certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the relevant Global 
Note Certificate for Individual Note Certificates (which will bear the relevant legends set out in “Transfer Restrictions”).

--- Page 44 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 29 - 
 
 
Although DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate 
transfers of interests in the Global Note Certificates among participants and accountholders of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time.  None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers or the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Transfer Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the 
rules and procedures governing their respective operations. 
While a Global Note Certificate is lodged with DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant clearing system, 
Individual Note Certificates for the relevant Series of Notes will not be eligible for clearing and settlement through such 
clearing systems. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Note Certificate will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note or Global Note Certificate.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note 
or Global Note Certificate to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest 
is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is noted in a schedule thereto. 
Payment Business Day:  in the case of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, shall be:  if the currency of payment is 
euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Note Certificate will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before 
the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which each 
clearing system for which the Global Note Certificate is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Note Certificate must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will 
be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Note Certificate may 
be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be 
redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Note Certificate and the Permanent Global Note is 
(or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Note Certificate is, registered in the 
name of DTC’s nominee or deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system.

--- Page 45 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 30 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on 
each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in a Member State or in the United Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend 
or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this 
Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form” above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme:  Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation (the “Issuer”) has established a Global Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which supplements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”).  The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by 
the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a deed of covenant dated 
27 September 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”). 
(d) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 27 September 
2024 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as Issuing 
and Paying Agent (the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, which expression includes any successor Issuing and Paying 
Agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch (the “Registrar”) (which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”) (which expression includes 
any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions references 
to the “Agents” are to the Issuing and Paying, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent and any reference to an 
“Agent” is to any one of them. 
(e) 
The Notes:  The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered form (“Registered Notes”).  
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant 
Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(f) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are subject to 
their detailed provisions.  Noteholders (as defined below) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series; 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 46 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 31 - 
 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties 
to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has 
replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining interest rates in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement); 
“Benchmark Event” means:  (i) the Reference Rate ceases to be published or ceases to be calculated or 
administered or ceases to exist; (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Reference Rate); (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; (iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that 
means the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; (v) public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) it has become unlawful to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in 
this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 47 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 32 - 
 
 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” means that 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided that: 
(x) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(y) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will 
be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(z) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar 
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the “Calculation 
Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(x) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of:  (A) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period; and (B) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of:  (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period; and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of:  (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period; and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of:  (x) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (y) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360;

--- Page 48 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 33 - 
 
 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 49 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 34 - 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless:  (x) that day is 
the last day of February; or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless:  (x) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date; or (y) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided that, in each such case, the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and including 
the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as may 
be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement); 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of which 
is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at the 
Issuer’s expense; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified as the 
Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months

--- Page 50 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 35 - 
 
 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc (or any successor); 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Non-recourse Project Financing” means any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction 
or development of any project, provided that:  (i) any Security Interest given by the Issuer is limited solely to 
assets of the project; (ii) the person providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the project 
financed and the revenues derived from such project as the principal source of repayment for the monies advanced; 
and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer in respect of any default by any person under the financing; 
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer Notes) and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to Registered Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as its lawful 
currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(x) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and payment 
of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(y) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(x) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and payment 
of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(y) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
(including in the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi, settlement of Renminbi payments) 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest existing on 27 September 2024;

--- Page 51 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 36 - 
 
 
(ii) 
any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness of a person existing at the time such person is 
merged into, or consolidated with, the Issuer, provided that such Security Interest was not created in 
contemplation of such merger or consolidation and does not extend to any other assets or property of the 
Issuer; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by the Issuer not 
created in contemplation of such acquisition; or 
(iv) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (i) to (ii) 
(inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest the principal amount 
secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not been extended to any additional assets (other 
than the proceeds of such assets); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, 
state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that currency, 
provided that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Economic Area as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the case of 
a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit of a 
Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of 
the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
these Conditions; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
Euro-Zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”); 
(ii) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate (“SHIBOR”); 
(iii) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”); 
(iv) 
Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”); 
(v) 
Emirates interbank offered rate (“EIBOR”); 
(vi) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate (“SAIBOR”); 
(vii) 
Australia Bank Bill Swap (“BBSW”); 
(viii) 
Prague interbank offered rate (“PRIBOR”);

--- Page 52 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 37 - 
 
 
(ix) 
CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“CNH HIBOR”); 
(x) 
Secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”); 
(xi) 
Turkish Lira Overnight Reference Rate (“TLREF”); and 
(xii) 
Tokyo interbank offered rate (“TIBOR”); 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but 
excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of:  (i) the date on which the payment 
in question first becomes due; and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuing and Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which 
(the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Non-
Recourse Project Financing or Securitisation, which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, 
debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  (i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of:  (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference 
Rate relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities; (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; or (E) the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the 
People’s Republic of China and Taiwan); 
“Renminbi Settlement Centre” means, in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, Hong Kong, Singapore 
and/or any other relevant financial centre, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to 
change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 53 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 38 - 
 
 
“Securitisation” means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that:  (i) any 
Security Interest given by the Issuer in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which 
are the subject of the securitisation; (ii) each person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit 
its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money 
advanced or payment of any other liability; and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer in respect of any default 
by any person under the securitisation; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other Person (the 
“second Person”): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership of 
share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference 
Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“Sukuk Obligation” means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given in connection with any 
issue of certificates or other securities intended to be issued in compliance with the principles of Shari’a, whether 
or not in return for consideration of any kind, which for the time being are, or are intended to be, or are capable 
of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“T2 System” means the Real-Time Gross Settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 System is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation:  In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or Registered Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are 
not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional amounts 
in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in 
respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest which 
may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 54 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 39 - 
 
 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not 
applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement, as 
the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other subsidiary legislation 
made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same 
may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery.  In the case of Bearer Notes, 
“Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:  The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement.  A certificate (each, a “Note Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect 
of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will 
be recorded in the Register.  In the case of Registered Notes, “Holder” means the person in whose name such 
Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named 
thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating 
thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person 
shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any 
Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to Condition 3(i) (Closed periods) and Condition 3(j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration), a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note 
Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the 
form of transfer, provided that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered 
Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal 
amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  Where not all the 
Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in 
accordance with Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes), the Registrar will register the transfer in question 
and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant 
Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request 
and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified 
for the purpose by such relevant Holder.  In this paragraph, “business day” means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or 
(as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer

--- Page 55 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 40 - 
 
 
Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register 
are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement.  The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar.  A 
copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in 
writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon 
the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation without:  (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing equally 
and rateably therewith its obligations under the Notes; or (b) providing such other security or other arrangement 
for those obligations as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and 
Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes).  Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of:  (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing and 
Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be 
the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which 
a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount:  This Condition 6(e) shall apply to Notes which 
are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein.  The relevant amount of 
interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards).  The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination

--- Page 56 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 41 - 
 
 
or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification 
to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and 
Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes).  Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of:  (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing 
and Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SOFR:  Subject to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark 
Replacement), this Condition 7(c) applies where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is not 
SOFR.  The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(x) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(y) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of 
paragraph (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will request the Reference Banks to provide to the Calculation 
Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time 
and, following which, (in the case of the Calculation Agent at the relevant time not being The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch (or any of its affiliates)) the Calculation Agent or (in the case of the 
Calculation Agent at the relevant time being The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (or any of 
its affiliates)) the Issuer, shall determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer)) quoted by major banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time,

--- Page 57 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 42 - 
 
 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean so determined, provided that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as 
the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
and provided further that such failure is not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest 
shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR: 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement), this Condition 7(d) applies where the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR: 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms but subject to Condition 7(e) 
(Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest)) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟𝑖 − 𝑝𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  x 𝐷
𝑑 
“Applicable Period” means: 
(1) 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest Period; 
“Business Day” or “BD” means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period; 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable 
Period; 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days 
from and including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York;

--- Page 58 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 43 - 
 
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including 
the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(2) 
where “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, zero; or 
(3) 
where “Observation Shift” or “SOFR Index” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (which shall not be less than 
five Business Days without the consent of the Calculation Agent); 
“r” means: 
(1) 
where in the relevant Final Terms either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as 
the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(2) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(A) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(B) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); and 
(3) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall 
be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above for, (i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the Business 
Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed’s 
Website, in each case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the

--- Page 59 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 44 - 
 
 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to as provided below, be the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms but subject to 
Condition 7(e) (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest)) the Margin and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
“Business Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
“Lock-out Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
“Observation Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
“Reference Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such 
sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period.  For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to 
be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
and 
(B) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of days such rate 
is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during 
that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period.  For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso 
above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR Index”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR Index Reference 
Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, where: 
“p” has the meaning set out in sub-paragraph (i) above; 
“SOFR Averages” shall mean the computation bearing the same name as published on the New York 
Fed’s Website; 
“SOFR Index” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(A) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) as such index appears 
on the New York Fed’s Website at 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(B) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (A) above at the SOFR Determination 
Time, then: 
(1) 
if a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the SOFR Index Reference Rate shall be the 
SOFR Index Unavailable value; or

--- Page 60 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 45 - 
 
 
(2) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the SOFR Index Reference Rate shall be the 
rate determined pursuant to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement); 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Period Date relating to such Interest Period; 
“SOFR Index Reference Rate” means: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1)  x (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where “dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) SOFR 
IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period); 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
“SOFR Index Unavailable” means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the 
associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event has have not occurred, “SOFR Index 
Reference Rate” means, for the relevant Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of 
return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR 
Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/additional-information-about-
reference-rates.  For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding 
formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and 
the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days” shall be removed.  If the daily SOFR does not so 
appear for any day, “i” in the Observation Period, SOFR for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published 
on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (1) above), the Reference Rate is not available, 
subject to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement) such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR (as defined 
in paragraph (i) above) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
New York Fed’s Website (as defined in paragraph (i) above) and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(v) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, but without 
prejudice to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date in relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding Interest Period or (ii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the first Interest Period). 
(vi) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption and 
Purchase) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for 
so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d)(vii), if “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on 
an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest:  If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent (to the extent that it is able, failing which, the Issuer) will, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit

--- Page 61 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 46 - 
 
 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuing and Paying Agent and each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period, provided that if the Calculation Agent is unable to notify 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) then the Issuer will procure such 
notification.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(h) by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement:  Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate Determination), if the 
Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate or the Issuer considers that 
there may be a Successor Rate in relation to such Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent 
Adviser to determine, no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), a Successor Rate 
or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate and (in either case) any Adjustment 
Spread for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor 
Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate and (in either case) any Adjustment Spread; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined in accordance 
with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in this Condition 7(i)), provided that if paragraph (ii) above applies and 
the Issuer is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest 
Period (or alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the interest rate shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to such 
preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period).  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and 
any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided 
in this Condition 7(i); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable), may also (without the consent or approval of Noteholders), acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited 
to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to ensure the proper operation of such

--- Page 62 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 47 - 
 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (in either case) any Adjustment Spread.  If 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable).  If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) are unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 7(i) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines:  (x) that amendments to these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”); and (y) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (vi) below, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or such 
other Transaction Document(s) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent of a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer confirming:  (A) that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred; (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate; and 
(C) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
and that any such Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, the Agents shall, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement supplemental to or 
amending the Agency Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document); 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) or Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments to these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any/other Transaction Document, promptly give notice thereof to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any; 
(vii) 
the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificates referred to in paragraph (v) above (without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof.  The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificates will (in the absence 
of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), which are to be determined solely by the Issuer 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), and without prejudice to any Agent’s 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
(viii) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(i) shall act in good faith as an expert and 
(in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determinations made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7(i). 
Notwithstanding any other provision herein or in the Conditions, in no event shall the Issuing and Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining if a Benchmark Event has occurred or any substitute for 
SOFR, Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, or for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread 
or margin thereon, the business day convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology 
for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark.  In connection with the foregoing, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or 
the Independent Adviser. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in connection 
with a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Amendment, including any determination with respect to a rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made 
in the Issuer’s or the Independent Adviser’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
transaction documents, will become effective without consent from any other party.  None of the Agents shall

--- Page 63 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 48 - 
 
 
have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in 
connection with a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Amendment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(i), neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuing and 
Paying Agent is obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any amendments referred to in sub-paragraph (v) 
above that, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the Issuing and Paying Agent, in each case, acting 
reasonably and in good faith, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is 
improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the 
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever 
is the earlier of:  (x) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (y) the day which is seven days after the Issuing and Paying 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such 
notice: 
(x) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 12 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant 
Jurisdictions or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a 
court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(y) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due.

--- Page 64 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 49 - 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver or procure 
that there is delivered to the Issuing and Paying Agent:  (1) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; and (2) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer:  If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on 
the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Issuing and Paying Agent approves and in such manner as the Issuing 
and Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) and the rules and procedures of the Clearing Systems in force from time to time shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part 
in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date.  If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders:  If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together 
with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the 
Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
(or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Agent such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Agent.  The relevant Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn, provided that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any 
such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such 
address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note 
at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the 
depositor of such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Condition 9(a) (Scheduled redemption) to Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) (inclusive). 
(g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption 
Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which the Note becomes due and payable.

--- Page 65 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 50 - 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect 
of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in 
the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(g) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(h) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar 
for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation:  All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto and surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 9(h) (Purchase) (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described 
in Condition 10(a) (Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of an Issuing 
and Paying Agent in New York City if:  (i) the Issuer has appointed such Issuing and Paying Agent outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Issuing and Paying Agent will be able to make payment 
of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due; (ii) payment 
of the full amount of such interest at the offices of such Issuing and Paying Agent is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to:  (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 12 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount 
of principal due for payment, provided that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the 
amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount 
of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for payment: 
(x) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will result 
in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment, provided that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(y) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of principal 
due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment, provided that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment,

--- Page 66 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 51 - 
 
 
the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, 
as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 10(a) (Principal) against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is applicable or that the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption 
in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment 
will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled 
to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) (Payments in New York 
City)). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such 
payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part 
of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged 
at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a 
further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Prescription)).  Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent:  Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of any amount in 
respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for 
payment, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such 
Renminbi- denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant amount in respect of the Notes shall be made 
upon application by the holder of the Notes to the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before 
the Record Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee with a bank in New 
York City. 
In this Condition 10(k): 
“Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, 
London and in New York City; 
“Determination Date” means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due date for any 
payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
“Illiquidity” means where the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its 
obligation to pay any amount (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation (if practicable) with two Renminbi Dealers;

--- Page 67 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 52 - 
 
 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any 
amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
pricing date of the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to transfer 
Renminbi between accounts inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an account inside the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an account 
outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing 
date for the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the Renminbi 
exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the 
over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) 
on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such 
rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF.  If neither rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
Determination Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is 
reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC.  Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as 
may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.  All notifications, 
opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained 
for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 10(k) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful 
default, gross negligence or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders; and 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the 
relevant Determination Date. 
11. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the 
case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due drawn 
on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling 
cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of The Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to:  (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which 
the Issuer or the Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder,

--- Page 68 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 53 - 
 
 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for 
value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed:  (i) (in 
the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and 
the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at 
the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent; and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other 
than on redemption) on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any 
interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from:  (x) the due date for a payment not 
being a Payment Business Day; or (y) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11(d) arriving after the 
due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments:  If the Issuing and Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of 
partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in 
the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar’s Specified Office on the fifteenth day before 
the due date for such payment (or, in the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi, not later than the fifth day 
before the due date for such payment) (the “Record Date”).  Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to 
be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent:  Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of any amount in 
respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for 
payment, settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such 
Renminbi- denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant amount in respect of the Notes shall be made 
upon application by the holder of the Notes to the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before 
the Record Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee with a bank in New 
York City. 
In this Condition 11(g): 
“Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, 
London and in New York City; 
“Determination Date” means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due date for any 
payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
“Illiquidity” means where the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its 
obligation to pay any amount (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation (if practicable) with two Renminbi Dealers; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any 
amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
pricing date of the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation);

--- Page 69 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 54 - 
 
 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to transfer 
Renminbi between accounts inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an account inside the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre or from an account 
outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the pricing 
date for the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the Renminbi 
exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the 
over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) 
on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such 
rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF.  If neither rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
Determination Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is 
reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC.  Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as 
may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.  All notifications, 
opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained 
for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 11(g) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful 
default, gross negligence or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and all Noteholders; and 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the 
relevant Determination Date. 
The Calculation Agent will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer or any holder of the Notes for any 
determination of any Spot Rate determined in accordance with this provision in the absence of its own wilful 
default, gross negligence or fraud. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdictions or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result 
in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction 
by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or 
Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Relevant 
Jurisdictions, references in these Conditions to Relevant Jurisdictions shall be construed as references to Relevant 
Jurisdictions and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 70 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 55 - 
 
 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes on the due date 
for payment thereof and such failure has continued for a period of 90 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations:  the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes and such default is incapable of remedy or, if capable of remedy, such default 
remains unremedied for 90 days; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer:  the Issuer fails to pay any Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation when due or (as the case 
may be) within any originally applicable grace period and provided that:  (i) the amount of such Indebtedness or 
Sukuk Obligation, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds U.S.$25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); and (ii) such failure has continued for a period of 90 days, 
then Noteholders holding not less than one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued interest without further action or 
formality.  Notice of any such declaration shall promptly be given to all other Noteholders. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented 
for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date.  Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless 
the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
satisfactory to the Issuing and Paying Agent and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of any Agent and to appoint an additional or successor issuing and paying agent or registrar or Calculation Agent 
and additional or successor issuing and paying agent, provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain an issuing and paying agent and a registrar; 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of an Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain an Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 71 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 56 - 
 
 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way 
of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the 
Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes held or represented, provided that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-
quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of not less than 90 per cent. of the Noteholders who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Agency Agreement will take 
effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document 
or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of 
the Noteholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the 
sole opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders and in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.  The Issuer may 
from time to time create and issue other series of notes having the benefit of the Deed of Covenant. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders 
of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its 
equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
(c) 
Stock exchange:  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly given in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in 
relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of:  (a) 
making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other 
tribunal; or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify 
each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between:  (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency 
into the second currency; and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary

--- Page 72 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 57 - 
 
 
course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms):  (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.); (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up); (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount; and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the same are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
(b) 
Arbitration:  Subject to Condition 22(c) (Option to litigate), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising 
out of, relating to or having any connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes 
(including these Conditions) (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of the nullity of the same and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the same) (a “Dispute”) shall be referred to and finally resolved 
by arbitration under the London Court of International Arbitration (“LCIA”) Arbitration Rules (the “Rules”), 
which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 22(b).  For these 
purposes: 
(i) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(ii) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall have no 
connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in international securities 
transactions; and 
(iii) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(c) 
Option to litigate:  Notwithstanding Condition 22(b) (Arbitration), any Noteholder (only where permitted so to 
do in accordance with the terms of the Deed of Covenant) may, in the alternative, and at its sole discretion, by 
notice in writing to the Issuer: 
(i) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(ii) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law.  If any Noteholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance 
with the terms of the Deed of Covenant) gives such notice, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 22(e) (Court proceedings) and, subject as provided below, any 
arbitration commenced under Condition 22(b) (Arbitration) in respect of that Dispute will be terminated.  Each of 
the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear its own costs in relation thereto. 
(d) 
Termination of arbitration:  If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in 
respect of any Dispute, the relevant Noteholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance with the terms of 
the Deed of Covenant and as applicable) must also promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any Tribunal 
(each as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the 
courts.  Upon receipt of such notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator in 
relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate.  Any such arbitrator will be deemed to be functus officio.  
The termination is without prejudice to: 
(i) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of that arbitration 
before his appointment is terminated; 
(ii) 
such arbitrator’s entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and

--- Page 73 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 58 - 
 
 
(iii) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation bar or any 
similar rule or provision. 
(e) 
Court proceedings:  In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 22(c) (Option to litigate) is issued, the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (iii) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
Dispute and the Issuer submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(ii) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any 
Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; and 
(iii) 
this Condition 22(e) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only.  As a result, and notwithstanding 
paragraph (ii) above, the Noteholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance with the terms of the 
Deed of Covenant) may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with 
jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholder (only where permitted so to do in accordance 
with the terms of the Deed of Covenant) may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(f) 
Process Agent:  The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents 
required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Maples and Calder 
at its registered office at 11th Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD, or to such other person with an 
address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice 
in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere. 
(g) 
Waiver of immunity:  The Issuer irrevocably agrees that no immunity (to the extent that it may now or hereafter 
exist, whether on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise) from any Proceedings or from execution of judgment 
shall be claimed by or on behalf of it or with respect to its respective assets, any such immunity being irrevocably 
waived by the Issuer, and the Issuer irrevocably consents generally in respect of any such Proceedings to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with any such Proceedings including, without 
limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever of any order or judgment which 
may be made or given in such Proceedings.

--- Page 74 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 59 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or [more/both]) of:  
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or [more/both]) of:  (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of current domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “MIFID II distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a MiFID II distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK MiFIR distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK MiFIR distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as 
amended or modified from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[capital markets products 
other than “prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) [and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16:  Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].] 
 
1 
Include only where Part B item 6(v) of the Final Terms is specified as “Applicable”.  Delete legend where Part B item 6(v) of the Final Terms is 
specified as “Not Applicable”. 
2 
Include only where Part B item 6(vi) of the Final Terms is specified as “Applicable”.  Delete legend where Part B item 6(vi) of the Final Terms is 
specified as “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 75 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 60 - 
 
 
Final Terms dated [  ] 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation 
Legal entity identifier:  213800A54KIUYH5YD185 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 27 September 2024  [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [  ]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and]3 must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list) and during normal business hours at the registered office of Arab 
Petroleum Investments Corporation at Head Office Building, Dammam Coastal Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. Box 9599, 31423 
Dammam, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia [and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom].] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [19 July 2023]/[15 July 2021]/[5 May 2020]/[29 August 2018].  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and]4 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 27 September 2024 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated 
[  ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
in order to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[5 July 2022]/[15 July 2021]/[5 May 2020]/[29 August 2018] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list) and during normal business hours at the registered office of Arab 
Petroleum Investments Corporation at Head Office Building, Dammam Coastal Road, Al Rakkah, P.O. Box 9599, 31423 
Dammam, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia [and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom].] 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the Notes 
described herein.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series and 
be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [  ] on [[  ]/[the Issue 
Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 21 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [  ]]]]]. 
 
3 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
4 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 76 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 61 - 
 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
(If Notes are being cleared through DTC with interest and or principal 
payable in a currency other than U.S. dollars, check whether DTC will 
accept payments in such currency) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[  ]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[  ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[  ] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
(For fixed rate notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification (including Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed 
Rate Notes), the Maturity Date will be the Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/CNH HIBOR/TLREF/SIBOR/EIBOR/ 
TIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/PRIBOR/SOFR] +/– [  ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(ii) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
obtained: 
[  ]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular tranche of Notes)

--- Page 77 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 62 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year up to and including [[the Maturity Date]/ [  ]]5 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(For Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification:  
The amount of interest payable for any Interest Period is to be calculated 
in accordance with Condition 6(e))6 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [  ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Unmatured Coupons void: 
Condition 10(f) 
(Unmatured 
Coupons 
void) 
is 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Renminbi 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day Convention]/[Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/ [  ] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[an institution other than the Principal Paying 
Agent] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(vii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[[[EURIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/CNH HIBOR/TLREF/SIBOR/EIBOR/ 
TIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/PRIBOR] calculated in accordance with 
Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
referencing SOFR)]/[SOFR] calculated in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR)] 
 
5 
Note that for certain Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification and the 
following words should be added: “, adjusted in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention”. 
6 
For Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest RMB0.01, RMB0.005 for the case of Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards, and to the nearest HK$0.01, HK$0.005 for the case of Hong Kong dollar denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes, being rounded upwards”.

--- Page 78 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 63 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ]/[The date falling [  ] Business Days prior to the first day of each Interest 
Period]/[First day of each Interest Period]/[The [first/second/third/[  ]] 
Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).][provide details]/[The Interest 
Payment Date at the end of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the last Interest Period prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include 
this wording for Payment Delay only]* 
 
(c) 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[  ] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
[  ] 
 
(e) 
Renminbi 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation 
Shift]/[Payment 
Delay]/[Not 
Applicable]/[SOFR Index] 
 
(h) 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable]*/[SOFR Index] 
 
(i) 
Effective Interest 
Payment Date: 
[The date falling [  ] Business Days following each Interest Payment Date, 
provided that the Effective Interest Payment Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Notes are redeemed 
before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption - used for Payment 
Delay only]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Rate 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[The date falling [  ] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption, as applicable – used for Payment Delay only]/[Not 
Applicable] * 
 
(k) 
D: 
[365/360]/ [  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[  ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
* 
To be at least 5 U:S: Government Securities Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SOFR. 
* 
The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period between the Interest Payment Date 
and the Interest Determination Date.  “Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as 
the Observation Method; otherwise, select “Not Applicable”. 
* 
Rate Cut-off Date to be at least 5 U:S: Government Securities Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, where the Reference Rate is SOFR.

--- Page 79 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 64 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[30E/360(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[  ]/[Any date from and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [  ]]/[in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]]]. 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
18. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of 
default or other early 
redemption: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Notice 
period 
on 
redemption for tax reasons 
(if 
different 
from 
Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons)): 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days] / [Not Applicable – in line with 
Conditions]

--- Page 80 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 65 - 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on [  ] days’ notice at any time]/[in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances specified in the Temporary Global Note] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on [  ] days’ 
notice at any time]/[in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Unrestricted Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Unrestricted 
Individual Note Certificates [on [  ] days’ notice at any time]/[in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Unrestricted Global Note Certificate] and 
registered in the name of a [[common depositary]/[common safekeeper]] 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Restricted Individual 
Note Certificates [on [  ] days’ notice at any time]/[in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Restricted Global Note Certificate] 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC] 
22. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes.  As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left]/[No] 
 
Signed on behalf of 
ARAB PETROLEUM INVESTMENTS CORPORATION 
By: 
 ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 81 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 66 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [[the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin]/ [  ]] with effect from [  ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original Notes 
are already admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[  ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[Moody’s:  [  ]] 
 
[Moody’s is established in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “EU 
CRA Regulation”).][  ] 
 
[S&P:  [  ]] 
 
[S&P is established in the EU and registered under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)][the EU CRA Regulation.][  ] 
 
[Fitch: [  ]] 
 
[Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of current domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).][  ] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business] 
 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  ] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It 
is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
CUSIP: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
[Select “Not Applicable” if no Restricted Registered Notes will be issued] 
 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See]/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively

--- Page 82 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 67 - 
 
 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
(v) 
CFI Code: 
[[See]/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Issuing 
and 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[  ] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[  ] is provided by [  ]. [As at the date hereof, [  ] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [  ] does 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [  ] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union or the 
United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper]7 and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met]8/[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper]9.  Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated 
 
 
(a) 
Names of Dealers 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
7 
Include for Registered Notes. 
8 
Note that unless the Issuer satisfies the ECB issuer eligibility criteria, NSS and NGN drawdowns cannot be requested and the “Yes” option cannot 
be selected as applicable. 
9 
Include for Registered Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 68 - 
 
 
 
(iv) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [(In the case of Bearer Notes) – [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]] [(In the case of Registered Notes) 
– [Not] Rule 144A Eligible] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
United 
Kingdom 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
GREEN NOTES, REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Green Notes: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus]/ [  ] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[  ] has been extracted from [  ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [  ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 69 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
APICORP, a multilateral financial institution focused on the energy industry, was established on 23 November 1975 
pursuant to the Establishing Agreement.  
The Establishing Agreement defines APICORP's purpose as: 
• 
participating in financing petroleum projects and industries, and in fields of activity which are derived from, 
ancillary to, associated with or complementary to petroleum projects and industries; and 
• 
giving priority to Arab joint ventures which benefit the OAPEC Member States and enhance their ability to utilise 
their petroleum resources and to invest their savings to strengthen their economic and financial potential. 
APICORP seeks to achieve this purpose by supporting relevant projects through participating in syndicated loans or making 
direct loans and/or through equity investments. It also participates in trade financing activities, provides project-related 
financial advisory services and publishes research relating to strategic and relevant issues in the energy industry.  
In December 2023, to align with the Group's strategic plan of becoming a leading energy impact fund in the MENA region 
and commitment to supporting the MENA region's energy landscape transition towards a net-zero future, the Group was 
rebranded from APICORP to The Arab Energy Fund (TAEF). As part of this strategic shift, the Group plans to invest up 
to U.S. $1 billion towards advancing energy transition with a focus on decarbonization and related technologies by the end 
of 2028. 
The table below shows details of APICORP's shareholders as at 30 June 2024. 
Member State 
Authorised 
capital(1) 
Subscribed 
capital(2) 
Issued and 
fully paid 
Callable 
capital 
Percentage 
ownership(3) 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
(per cent.) 
State of Kuwait ................................................. 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ................................. 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
United Arab Emirates ....................................... 
3,400 
1,700 
255 
1,445 
17.0 
Libya ................................................................ 
3,000 
1,500 
225 
1,275 
15.0 
Republic of Iraq ................................................ 
2,000 
1,000 
150 
850 
10.0 
State of Qatar .................................................... 
2,000 
1,000 
150 
850 
10.0 
Republic of Algeria .......................................... 
1,000 
500 
75 
425 
5.0 
Kingdom of Bahrain ......................................... 
600 
300 
45 
255 
3.0 
Arab Republic of Egypt .................................... 
600 
300 
45 
255 
3.0 
Syria Arab Republic ......................................... 
600 
300 
45 
255(4) 
3.0 
 
20,000 
10,000 
1,500 
8,500 
100.0 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
All shares have a nominal value of U.S.$1,000. 
(2) 
Subscribed capital is the sum of issued and fully paid capital and capital which remains callable if recommended by the Board and approved by 
APICORP's general assembly. In April 2016, APICORP's subscribed capital was increased to U.S.$2,000 million from U.S.$1,500 million. In April 
2020, APICORP's subscribed capital was increased to U.S.$10,000 million. 
(3) 
Based on issued and fully paid capital. 
(4) 
Restricted due to APICORP sanctions compliance policy. 
In May 2011, the shareholders agreed to change APICORP's capital structure by introducing callable capital in the amount 
of U.S.$750 million. Callable capital, which can be requested in order to service debt, to expand development operations 
(while maintaining capital adequacy ratios) or to absorb losses from treasury or development-related assets, is a joint and 
several obligation of each member country to provide additional capital within two months when called. In April 2016, the 
shareholders' U.S.$1 billion line of credit was replaced with additional callable capital, which increased APICORP's total 
callable capital to U.S.$1 billion. 
On 12 April 2020, the shareholders approved the following changes in APICORP's capital: 
• 
an increase in authorised capital from U.S.$2.4 billion to U.S.$20 billion; 
• 
an increase in paid up capital from U.S.$1 billion to U.S.$1.5 billion through the transfer of U.S.$500 million 
from reserves; and 
• 
an increase in callable capital from U.S.$1 billion to U.S.$8.5 billion, bringing the subscribed capital to U.S.$10 
billion. 
Although APICORP does not have specific guarantees from its shareholders, APICORP believes that the introduction of 
callable capital demonstrates stronger support than the line of credit made available by its shareholders in 2008. See "Risk

--- Page 85 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 70 - 
 
 
factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme—
APICORP is a multilateral financial institution without guarantee-related support from its shareholders". 
The rights of the shareholders are contained in the Establishing Agreement and APICORP is managed in accordance with 
the provisions contained in the Establishing Agreement. The Establishing Agreement ensures that APICORP is not 
controlled by any single member state. All resolutions are required to be approved by a majority of the votes cast, with 
each shareholder having one vote per share held. 
APICORP is independent in its administration and in the performance of its activities and carries out its operations on a 
commercial basis with the intention of generating a profit. 
APICORP's financial year corresponds to the calendar year. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had total assets of 
U.S.$9,881.4 million, including U.S.$4,648.6 million in loans and advances, net and U.S.$2,579 million in listed and 
unlisted equity securities, other investments at FVTPL and equity accounted investees. The Group also has a significant 
treasury investment portfolio of debt securities at FVOCI, amounting to U.S.$2,933.4 million as at 31 December 2023, 
which is intended to provide earnings which are not correlated to the Group's two other more cyclical business lines of 
lending to, and making equity investments in, relevant projects. 
In December 2023, the Group had interest income of U.S.$523.8 million and received U.S.$85.0 million in dividend 
income. The Group's profit for 2023 was U.S.$225.3 million. 
The Group's headquarters is located in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. In addition, APICORP has a wholesale banking branch in 
Manama, Bahrain, which is regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. Its headquarters office address is 7116 Prince Turki 
Ibn Abdulaziz Al Awal Road, 4400 Al Malqa District, Riyadh 13523, Saudi Arabia and its telephone number is +966 (0) 
3 847 0444. 
HISTORY 
Following its establishment, APICORP commenced loan financing and direct equity investment activity with various Arab 
petroleum companies. Trade financing of petroleum, gas and petrochemicals began in 1975. In 2001, the Group 
commenced financial advisory services to assist the OAPEC Member States and companies within them with the financing 
of their projects. In the same year, the board of directors of APICORP (the "Board") approved the Group's expansion into 
the power generation sector, with a strategic focus on generation or transmission facilities which support the development 
of energy-related industry projects. In 2007, the Board approved the financing of energy intensive industries such as 
aluminium and the establishment of energy funds. The Group continued to support the energy sector throughout the global 
financial crisis, including at times when market liquidity was significantly constrained. APICORP has recently developed 
a new strategy, in consultation with a consulting firm McKinsey & Company, which was approved by the Board on 9 June 
2023. See "—Strategy" below. 
In 2006, APICORP established its branch in Bahrain with a view to broadening its financing services. 
APICORP's initial authorised share capital was SAR 3.6 billion (U.S.$960 million) and its initial subscribed capital was 
SAR 1.2 billion (U.S.$320 million). APICORP's authorised and subscribed capital have increased since then, most recently 
to U.S.$20.0 billion and U.S.$10.0 billion, respectively, in April 2020. 
In December 2023, to align with the Group's strategic plan of becoming a leading energy impact fund in the MENA region 
and commitment to supporting the MENA region's energy landscape transition towards a net-zero future, the Group was 
rebranded from APICORP to The Arab Energy Fund (TAEF). 
LEGAL STATUS OF APICORP 
APICORP is a corporation established in accordance with a special international agreement, the Establishing Agreement, 
is hosted by Saudi Arabia and enjoys, with respect to OAPEC Member States and third parties, all the rights and privileges 
of nationality which national companies enjoy in each Member State. APICORP is subject to the provisions of the 
Establishing Agreement, which are expressed to prevail in the event that there is a conflict with the internal laws of any 
OAPEC Member State. APICORP is also exempt from the payment of duties, taxes and all public financial costs and 
burdens in respect of all operations related to its objectives. APICORP is also exempted from any special fees related to 
subscription, incorporation, registration, increase of capital, dissolution and liquidation. The Establishing Agreement 
explicitly grants APICORP privileges throughout the OAPEC Member States. These privileges include: 
• 
an undertaking by the OAPEC Member States, jointly and severally, to support APICORP, although see "Risk 
factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme—APICORP is a multilateral financial institution without guarantee-related support from its 
shareholders";

--- Page 86 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 71 - 
 
 
• 
APICORP's rights and privileges of nationality within any OAPEC Member State; 
• 
APICORP's exemptions from payment of duties and all public and financial costs within OAPEC Member States; 
• 
APICORP's exemption from any currency controls, including from convertibility and transfer restrictions; 
• 
support for APICORP's personnel in entry and residency throughout the OAPEC Member States; and 
• 
an undertaking by the OAPEC Member States to refrain from appropriating any of APICORP's assets. 
APICORP's shareholders and their shareholding percentages have remained unchanged since it was established. The 
Establishing Agreement provides that only member countries of OAPEC may be shareholders in APICORP. If any 
shareholder ceases to be an OAPEC Member State, it would also cease to be a shareholder in APICORP and its shares 
would be distributed among the remaining OAPEC Member State shareholders on a pro rata basis. 
STRATEGY 
APICORP is a multilateral impact-focused financial institution with the goal of contributing to the growth, development 
and transformation of the Arab energy industries through the following activities: 
• 
providing debt funding in the form of project finance, asset-based finance and structured trade finance; 
• 
providing financial structuring and advisory services; and 
• 
providing equity funding to companies and projects. 
APICORP aims to consolidate its role as a leading financial institution that focuses on impact in the energy and related 
sectors.  
APICORP believes that the energy sector in the MENA region and beyond offers significant prospects for investors both 
in terms of the number of energy and related projects and the scale of the investment required. 
In December 2023, the Group unveiled its new five-year strategic plan of becoming the leading energy impact fund in the 
MENA region. The new strategy represents APICORP's natural progression as a pioneering impact investor, with focused 
verticals for investing in the energy sector including decarbonisation and related technologies, effectively balancing energy 
security and sustainability. The redesigned business approach fostering long-term growth focuses on diverse investments 
across the energy sector and signifies a more holistic approach to APICORP's commitment to also supporting the new 
energy sector, including energy transition, decarbonisation and a net zero future, while nurturing the development of local 
supply and value chains and services across the MENA region as well as creating impact by contributing to economic 
prosperity and enabling local communities via talent development and knowledge creation.  
Under the new strategy, APICORP's mandate is defined as "Enabling a secure and sustainable energy future". This mandate 
establishes the role and purpose of APICORP as follows: 
• 
Commercial with Impact. APICORP will continue doing business on commercial terms, while seeking to achieve 
maximum positive impact; 
• 
Dual focus. APICORP's dual focus will entail a continuation of responsible investments in hydrocarbons, with 
simultaneous active support for the new energy sector, including the energy transition ambitions of its oil and gas 
exporting member countries; and 
• 
Investment growth. APICORP will aim to grow its overall balance sheet and to rebalance and optimise its overall 
asset portfolio, with an increased focus on growing its equity portfolio on a relative basis. 
As part of the new strategy, APICORP intends to further expand its role as a leading provider of both debt and equity 
funding to the energy sector in the region, with a special interest in creating positive impact and supporting the energy 
transition ambitions of its member countries. To help realise this strategy, the Group has committed an investment of up to 
U.S.$1 billion by the end of 2028 in energy transition and energy-efficiency related technologies. Additionally, in May 
2024, the Group signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Saudi Arabian Industrial Investments Company 
(Dussur) to fast-track and facilitate prospective financing opportunities for the Group of up to U.S.$ 200 million through 
bridge financing in selected green field projects promoted by Dussur. 
APICORP's new strategy is built on two pillars and two enablers. The two pillars are:  
• 
becoming the pre-eminent impact investor in the energy sector in the MENA region; and

--- Page 87 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 72 - 
 
 
• 
enhancing corporate lending profitability. 
The two enablers are:  
• 
building a professional and performance-driven culture; and 
• 
improving organisational health. 
In December 2023, APICORP was rebranded to align with the new strategy from APICORP to The Arab Energy Fund 
(TAEF). As part of the implementation of the new strategy, APICORP also relocated its head office and business operations 
to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, which is expected to result in significant business benefits, given Riyadh's position as a major 
commercial centre and a financial and related services hub in the region. The implementation of the new strategy is also 
expected to involve the following initiatives: 
• 
APICORP's equity business focusing on two broad main investment themes – new technologies and solutions and 
the energy supply chain. Sub-themes of new technologies and solutions include technologies and solutions and 
energy transition. Sub-themes of energy supply chain include chemicals, minerals, local content manufacturing 
and services; 
• 
APICORP's lending business (which provides mainly project and trade finance) continuing to support the various 
components of the energy value chain, including traditional hydrocarbons, utilities, and energy transition; and 
• 
the development of new product and service offerings, especially in the energy transition/decarbonisation and 
ESG spaces. 
STRENGTHS 
The Group believes that it benefits from a number of strengths. These include: 
Sovereign ownership and special privileges 
APICORP is 100 per cent. owned by OAPEC Member State governments, 64.0 per cent. owned by GCC governments and 
51 per cent. owned by Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and the UAE collectively. APICORP benefits from a number of special 
privileges afforded to it by the Establishing Agreement, see "—Legal status of APICORP" above. APICORP also has de 
facto preferred creditor status by virtue of its multilateral status. De facto preferred creditor status is based solely on 
historical practice in relation to multilateral financial institutions. Preferred creditor status is not, however, a legal status. 
The preferred creditor status enjoyed by APICORP is also reflected in the fact that the OAPEC Member States have, in the 
Establishing Agreement, exempted APICORP from all restrictions relating to currency control and fund transfer. 
Strong shareholder support 
The Establishing Agreement provides that the OAPEC Member States undertake: 
• 
jointly and severally, to support APICORP, protect it and embrace its causes in every way that ensures the 
protection of its rights and interests internationally and otherwise (although APICORP does not benefit from a 
specific guarantee from its shareholders); and 
• 
to facilitate all the activities related to APICORP's objectives and to adopt all possible measures to that end. 
The OAPEC Member States have supported each of APICORP's six capital increases since it was established and have 
also supported it with significant deposits. The Group also benefits from U.S.$8.5 billion in callable capital, which provides 
a further indication of potential future shareholder support. In addition, the OAPEC Member States elected not to declare 
dividends in respect of each of 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2019, 2020 and 2021 to further strengthen 
APICORP's financial position. Total dividends of U.S.$30.0 million, U.S.$30.8 million and U.S.$37.2 million were 
declared in respect of 2017, 2018 and 2022, respectively. To fund its growth strategy, APICORP's board provided a 
commitment not to declare any dividends for the 2023, 2024 and 2025 financial years. Member States, through their 
representatives on the Board, provide APICORP with opportunities to participate in, or initiate, projects in the various 
Member States.  
Solid capitalisation and low leverage 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's capital adequacy ratios determined in accordance with Basel II methodology were 28.30 
per cent. (for total capital) and 27.26 per cent. (for Tier 1 capital).

--- Page 88 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 73 - 
 
 
The Group seeks to maintain conservative leverage levels, which it calculates as its total liabilities divided by its total 
equity and non-controlling interests. As at 30 June 2024, the Group's leverage level was 2.23 times while as at 31 December 
in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Group's leverage levels were 2.1 times, 2.03 times and 2.13 times. 
Sustained and strong financial performance 
The Group has been profitable in almost every year since it was established, including throughout the global financial 
crisis. In October 2019, Moody's upgraded APICORP's ratings from Aa3 to Aa2 with a stable outlook, principally reflecting 
steady and sustained improvements in its liquidity and funding profile coupled with a track record of strong asset 
performance, and it affirmed that rating in August 2021, June 2022 and August 2023. In June 2020, Fitch assigned 
APICORP an AA long-term issuer default rating with stable outlook and affirmed that rating in June 2021, June 2022 
(when it revised the outlook to positive) and June 2023 before upgrading the Group's rating to AA+ with stable outlook in 
July 2024. In March 2023, S&P assigned APICORP a AA- long-term rating with stable outlook and affirmed that rating in 
March 2024. 
The Group also has a relatively low amount of NPLs which were U.S.$31.1 million as at 30 June 2024, U.S.$36.5 million 
as at 31 December 2023, U.S.$51.46 million as at 31 December 2022 and U.S.$13.46 million as at 31 December 2021. 
These mainly comprise one Libyan loan, which is fully covered by provisions and cash collateral held. The Group's NPLs 
comprised 0.59 per cent., 0.76 per cent., 1.21 per cent. and 0.28 per cent., respectively, of its total gross loans as at 30 June 
2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021.  
Focus on strategic energy sector and geographically focused on the GCC 
The Group focuses on financing projects in the oil and gas, petrochemical and energy sectors and has developed significant 
expertise in these areas since it was established in 1975. As at 30 June 2024, 89.4 per cent. of APICORP's assets were 
located in the GCC and 61.5 per cent. and 5.3 per cent. were located in Saudi Arabia and Qatar, respectively. As at 31 
December 2023, 90.2 per cent. of APICORP's assets were located in the GCC and 61.8 per cent. and 4.2 per cent. were 
located in Saudi Arabia and Qatar, respectively. 
BUSINESS 
The Group has three principal business areas: 
• 
project finance, asset-based finance, trade finance, structured commodity finance and financial advisory (together 
referred to as "Corporate Banking"); 
• 
captive private equity investments through direct or indirect equity investments (together referred to as 
"Investments & Partnerships"); and 
• 
funding and liquidity management and the investment of excess liquidity in the Group's investment portfolio 
(together referred to as "Treasury"). 
Corporate Banking principally provides debt finance and financial advisory services to businesses and projects in the oil 
and gas and related energy sectors. 
Investments & Partnerships principally invests in businesses and projects in the oil and gas and related energy sectors 
(including new technologies and solutions) through direct equity investments and indirect equity investments through 
funds. 
Treasury is principally responsible for funding and managing the Group's liquidity needs and for investing its excess 
liquidity. 
Corporate Banking 
Introduction 
Corporate Banking arranges financing through loans and credits for projects developed by local, regional and international 
sponsors in the energy sector. This financing activity is a major contributor to the Group's interest income, with loans and 
advances contributing U.S.$191.90 million, or 59.9 per cent., of the Group's total interest income in the six months ended 
30 June 2024. The Group also provides financial advisory services to clients when specifically requested, primarily to assist 
them in raising finance but also in terms of project development guidance, financial feasibility studies, validation of 
commercial viability and structure and transaction structuring. This advice generates a small amount of fee income. 
Including other minor sources of income, Corporate Banking generated total income of U.S.$216.5 million in the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, U.S.$360.2 million in 2023, U.S.$197.8 million in 2022 and U.S.$121.9 million in 2021, 
equal to 67.1 per cent., 68.1 per cent., 75.5 per cent. and 80.8 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total interest income 
and net fee income in each year/period.

--- Page 89 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 74 - 
 
 
Products and services 
Corporate Banking principally arranges medium- to long-term finance, although it also offers shorter-term trade finance 
and structured commodity finance. The Group offers loans and credits both on a conventional and on an Islamic finance 
basis. Key medium- to long-term finance products include project finance, asset-based finance (vessels and rigs), reserve-
based finance, acquisition finance, equity bridge finance and working capital finance. 
The Group offers a suite of trade finance products and services, comprising letters of credit ("LCs") and letters of guarantee; 
and the handling of export LCs, including advising, negotiation and confirmation. The Group's range of structured 
commodity finance products includes transactional and inventory financings, borrowing base facilities, pre-export 
financings and prepayment facilities. 
Although the Group does not have its own Islamic banking unit and Shari'a board, it typically arranges and advises on 
Islamic transactions and has established strong relationships with major participants in the Islamic finance industry. In line 
with its current strategy, in 2014, the Group launched an initiative to increase the visibility of its Islamic finance capabilities, 
and started to systematically offer Shari'a-compliant finance solutions to its clients along with conventional products. As 
at 30 June 2024, the share of Islamic finance assets as a percentage of the Group's total unimpaired portfolio of loans and 
advances was 15.6 per cent. 
Clients 
Corporate Banking's client base includes the national oil and gas companies of the OAPEC Member States, international 
companies which are active in the MENA region and a select group of privately owned companies from the MENA region. 
Corporate Banking's particular focus in relation to its medium- and longer-term financing is investment projects that are 
deemed strategic because of their economic impact, size, location, technology or diversification. These projects typically 
have strong support from their sponsors, which frequently include governments. Through participating in arranging and 
implementing the financing for these investments, Corporate Banking has developed close and long-standing relationships 
with the sponsors of these projects. 
Corporate Banking also enjoys close relationships with all the major international and regional financial institutions which 
are active in financing the energy industry throughout the MENA region, and beyond when the project or trade transaction 
financed benefits the MENA region. Therefore, in terms of geography, the Group does not focus exclusively on transactions 
within the Arab world but is also supporting its Arab clients in their projects and trade flows outside the Arab region. The 
Group exclusively finances the energy sector and is active throughout the energy value chain. The segments within these 
sectors financed by the Group include: 
• 
upstream: oil field services and drilling; offshore service vessels; and mining; 
• 
midstream: oil and product tankers; liquefied natural gas ("LNG") tankers; pipelines and oil and product terminals; 
• 
downstream: refinery, petrochemical and gas projects; 
• 
utilities: conventional power and water desalination projects; water treatment; waste management and renewables 
projects; and 
• 
energy intensive: aluminium and metals; cement; and polysilicon. 
Lending criteria 
Corporate Banking aims to finance investment projects and commodity trade flows which have a strong economic rationale 
and that meet a strategic purpose. The criteria applied by the Group when selecting transactions include: 
• 
the strategic fit of the transaction and the impact of the Group's involvement in it; 
• 
the quality of the sponsors, the degree of their commitment and the strength of the Group's relationship with them; 
• 
the economic rationale, resilience and competitiveness of the project; 
• 
the degree of export orientation and foreign currency generation; 
• 
the degree of protection of the project from local factors, such as exchange rates, inflation and regulation; 
• 
the strength of the credit terms, including security, collateral and sponsor support; 
• 
the involvement along with the Group of export credit agencies, developmental agencies and multilateral financial 
institutions in any financing in high political risk countries;

--- Page 90 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 75 - 
 
 
• 
the role and visibility of the Group in the financing; and 
• 
the remuneration – the Group provides medium-to long-term financing at market rates. However, while profit is 
an important factor, its decision to advance financing is not solely driven by profitability and it also takes into 
account the developmental impact of the project. 
As a general rule, a country which has significant economic or political challenges is considered a less robust sponsor. In 
these instances, the Group's criteria concerning equity, project structure, guarantees, export-credits and multilateral 
financings are more stringent. 
The Group requires prior approval from its credit committee and from the Board before committing to any funded or 
unfunded credit facility. Each approval is required to be supported by a detailed credit application, which includes a 
thorough due diligence and a comprehensive rating scorecard specific to the nature of the transaction. 
APICORP maintains country specific lending limits, single obligor limits, single group level limits and rating wise portfolio 
limits for its Corporate Banking business. 
The country limit for member countries is limited to 10 times their respective equity contributions, while the country cap 
for non-member countries is linked to their sovereign ratings as well as to a certain percentage of APICORP's total 
shareholders' equity, the maximum being 30 per cent. The maximum single obligor limit is 10 per cent. of the Group's net 
worth (being its total assets less its total liabilities). In addition, no lending commitment to any one group of companies 
may exceed 25 per cent. of the Group's net worth. APICORP follows a risk-based approach in assigning the country limits 
based on various factors that include (a) the sovereign rating of each country, (b) the size of the economy and the relative 
potential of doing business, reflected through key economic indicators (e.g., total GDP size), and (c) the nature of each 
country (i.e., Member or non-member country). This risk-based approach supports the optimization of the lending book 
concentration and diversification. 
In addition to the country limits, APICORP has set the following limits: 
• 
Group limit - Investment Grade rating (BBB- and above): loans to borrowers that are members of a group may 
not exceed 25% of the shareholders' equity. 
• 
Group limit – Non-Investment Grade rating (BB+ and below): loans to borrowers that are members of a group 
may not exceed 15% of the shareholders' equity. 
• 
Single Facility limit - Investment Grade rating of the facility (BBB- and above): loans to a single borrower may 
not exceed 10% of the shareholders' equity. 
• 
Single Facility limit – Non-Investment Grade rating of the facility (BB+ and below): loans to a single borrower 
may not exceed 7.5% of the shareholders' equity. 
• 
Portfolio Quality: Corporate Banking total portfolio rating – minimum ‘BBB’ weighted average internal rating. 
Lending portfolio 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—Analysis of 
certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances" for a discussion of the Group's portfolio of loans and 
advances. 
Commitments to lend and guarantees 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP—Commitments 
and contingent liabilities" for a discussion of the Group's commitments to underwrite and fund loans, subscribe capital to 
investments, provide guarantees of investee company obligations and make certain other commitments. 
Investments & Partnerships 
Introduction 
APICORP's primary focus in equity investments is investing directly in private companies. It also invests in public 
companies and/or indirectly in private and public companies through an investment in funds. The private companies 
invested in operate in the oil and gas industries, and in other industries derived from, ancillary to, associated with and/or 
complementary to, the oil and gas industry. Priority is given to Arab joint ventures that enhance the ability of the OAPEC 
Member States to utilise their petroleum resources. APICORP also seeks to play an active role in energy transition in the 
OAPEC Member States. APICORP is a responsible investor and is actively implementing a robust ESG framework and 
principles.

--- Page 91 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 76 - 
 
 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's listed and unlisted equities and equity accounted investees (the "Investments & 
Partnerships' Portfolio") principally comprised 17 direct equity investments in companies. Of these investments, 15 are 
in companies located in eight Arab countries: six in Saudi Arabia, two in Egypt, two in Libya, and one each in Kuwait, 
Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan and the UAE. The remaining two investments are in a company based in the United Kingdom. The 
portfolio includes six investments in the oil and gas sector, six in the chemicals sector, three in power, one in capital goods 
and one in construction materials. Four of these investments have been fully impaired. 
During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire a 19.2% stake in Acteon Group 
Ltd (“Acteon”) alongside funds that are managed separately by One Equity Partners and Buckthorn Partners. Acteon is 
primarily engaged in the business of offshore and subsea foundations and engineering services.  Further, the Group 
subscribed to a secondary public offering of Aramco which took place in June 2024. The Group received an allocation of 
USD 26.7 million. The Group also participated in the IPO of Parkin Company (“Parkin”), and the Group sold its allocation 
during the same period. In terms of exits, the Group exited from its investment in Coretrax, a platform that offers wellbore 
services. The transaction close was achieved in May 2024 and full exit proceeds realization occurred by August 2024.  
During 2023, the Group entered into a discretionary portfolio management ("DPM") arrangement with two fund managers, 
Jadwa Investments and Ashmore Investments. Under the DPM, as of June 2024, an amount of U.S.$152.2 million was 
invested in public listed equities in the MENA region. The performance of the DPM will be evaluated against the industry 
standard performance metrics of an established benchmark and risk parameters. 
In the second quarter of 2023, the Group converted an Equity Bridge Loan Facility of U.S.$22.5 million into equity in an 
existing portfolio company Shuqaiq International Water and Electricity Company ("SIWEC"). 
In the third quarter of 2023, the Group entered into a limited partnership agreement with Energy Growth Momentum III 
(the "EGM III Fund"). The EGM III Fund will target companies in North America, Europe and Australia engaged in 
scalable operations and digital technology that improves the commercial and carbon efficiency of energy assets and utilities. 
In terms of exits, the Group took advantage of the positive momentum in the oil and gas industry. The Group sold its entire 
holding in Aramco and successfully exited its holding in Lucid Energy Group, the last investment held under the managed 
account arrangement with Goldman Sachs & Co. In addition, the Group completed its exit from its investment in Ashtead 
Technology ("Ashtead") through two secondary offerings in 2022 and a final sale in 2023. During 2023, the Group also 
wound up APSF following the sale of its underlying assets. In addition, the Group's investment in the joint venture GC-16 
Project ("GC-16") started returning capital as the contract comes to an end of its life and ultimately wound-up in May 
2024. 
The total fair value of the Investments & Partnerships' Portfolio was U.S.$1.4 billion as at each 31 December 2023 and 30 
June 2024. The Investments & Partnerships' Portfolio generated dividend income of U.S.$85.0 million in 2023, equal to 
27.8 per cent. of the Group's total net income before operating expenses and impairments in 2023. 
Most of the Group's 17 direct equity investments in companies are held at fair value, although the Investments & 
Partnerships' Portfolio also includes three investments – Falcon Cement Company, Al-Khorayef United Holding Company 
("Al Khorayef") and JWPC – which are equity accounted investees.  
In addition to the 17 direct equity investments in companies, APICORP also has capital commitments in four funds, which 
are held at fair value and investments in two publicly listed companies, Aramco (which is held under Investments & 
Partnerships) and Emaar Properties (which is held under Treasury). The Group's investment in Aramco was acquired during 
a secondary public offering and its investment in Emaar Properties was acquired in the secondary market.  
Investment criteria 
The Group typically invests in meaningful minority stakes when making direct equity investments and acts in a fiduciary 
and advisory capacity through board representation. The Group typically does not exercise significant direct influence over 
the management or operations of its investee companies. 
The Group's investment guidelines for equity investments include: 
• 
a targeted minimum level of dividend yield to be maintained on the overall equity portfolio; 
• 
the targeting of investments in the energy sector as well as in industries derived from, ancillary to, associated with, 
and/or complementary to, this sector. The guidelines also make allowance for a limited level of investment outside 
these sectors; 
• 
the prioritisation of investments in the MENA region and broadly investments with an Arab connection, with 
allowance for investments beyond these criteria subject to adhering to specific requirements; 
• 
the provision for direct equity investments and indirect equity investments through funds;

--- Page 92 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 77 - 
 
 
• 
guidance on the collective level of investments in companies at different stages of the business life cycle, with a 
specific limit on investments in the early stages of development; 
• 
guidance on targeted investment return ranges; 
• 
guidance on preferred investment size ranges and a limit on the maximum size of each new investment; 
• 
guidance on the preferred level of shareholding and board representation; 
• 
guidance on the preferred and maximum investment periods; 
• 
guidance on qualitative and developmental factors to be considered; and 
• 
guidance on the preferred types of partners in equity investments. 
Investments & Partnerships' Portfolio 
The table below summarises the Investments & Partnerships' Portfolio at 30 June 2024 (excluding DPM and participation 
in Aramco secondary offering). These investments are at FVOCI, save where noted below.  
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's 
Effective share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
Arab Drilling and 
Workover Company 
(ADWOC), Libya 
LD 60 million (equal 
to U.S.$12.6 million 
as at 31 December 
2023) 
20.00% 
Arab Petroleum Services Co. 
("APSCO"), Libya; First Energy 
Bank, Bahrain 
Drilling and related operations in 
the Arab world 
Arab Company for 
Detergent Chemicals 
(ARADET), Iraq(1) 
IQD 36 million 
(equal to U.S.$0.03 
thousand as at 31 
December 2023) 
32.00% 
Iraqi, Saudi Arabian and Kuwaiti 
governments; Arab Mining 
Company, Amman, Jordan; The 
Arab Investments Co., Saudi 
Arabia 
Production and marketing of linear 
alkyl benzene (LAB) and by-
products 
Arab Geophysical 
Exploration Services 
Company 
(AGESCO), Libya(1) 
LD 35 million (equal 
to U.S.$7.3 million as 
at 31 December 
2023) 
16.67% 
APSCO, Libya; National Oil 
Company, Libya 
Providing seismic services for the 
oil and gas industry in the Arab 
world 
Saudi European 
Petrochemical 
Company (IBN 
ZAHR), Saudi Arabia 
SAR 1,025 million 
(equal to U.S.$273.3 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
10.00% 
Saudi Basic Industries 
Corporation ("SABIC"), Saudi 
Arabia; Ecofuel, Italy 
Production and marketing of 
methyl tertiary butyl ether (MTBE) 
and polypropylene (PP) 
The Arabian 
Industrial Fibers 
Company (IBN 
RUSHD), Saudi 
Arabia(1) 
SAR 2,000 million 
(equal to U.S.$533.3 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
3.45% 
SABIC, Saudi Arabia; Public 
Investments Fund ("PIF"), Saudi 
Arabia 
Production and marketing of 
aromatics, purified terephthalic 
acid (PTA) and polyester fibres 
Yanbu National 
Petrochemical 
Company 
(YANSAB), Saudi 
Arabia 
SAR 5,625 million 
(equal to U.S.$1,500 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
1.00% 
SABIC, Saudi Arabia 
Production and marketing of 
polyethylene, ethylene, glycol, PP 
and other by-products 
Egyptian Methanex 
Methanol Company 
(eMethanex), Egypt 
U.S.$215 million 
17.00% 
Methanex Corporation, Canada; 
Egyptian Petrochemicals Holding 
Company ("Echem"), Egypt; 
Egyptian Natural Gas Holding 
Company ("Egas"), Egypt; 
Egyptian Natural Gas Company 
("EGASCO"), Egypt 
Production and marketing of 
methanol 
Misr Oil Processing 
Company (MOPCO), 
Egypt 
EGP 2,291 million 
(equal to U.S.$74 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
3.03% 
Echem, Egypt; Ministry of 
Finance, Egypt; National 
Investments Bank, Egypt; Egas, 
Egypt; EGASCO, Egypt 
Production and marketing of 
ammonia and urea 
The Industrialization 
& Energy Services 
Company (TAQA), 
Saudi Arabia 
SAR 7,179 million 
(equal to U.S.$1,914 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
5.94% 
PIF, Saudi Arabia; General 
Organization for Social Insurance 
(GOSI), Saudi Arabia 
Energy and related sectors 
(drilling, oil and gas fields 
services, seamless pipe 
manufacturing and industrial gases, 
among others) 
Saudi Mechanical 
Industries Co. (SMI), 
Saudi Arabia 
SAR 250 million 
(equal to U.S.$66.7 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
15.00% 
Fajr Capital; Jadwa Investment 
Company 
Industrial Manufacturing (oil and 
gas, water pump systems and 
engineering components)

--- Page 93 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 78 - 
 
 
Company 
Paid up capital 
APICORP's 
Effective share 
Other major shareholders 
Main activities 
Falcon Cement 
Company B.S.C., 
Bahrain(1)(2) 
BD 17.4 million 
(equal to U.S.$46.1 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
30.00% 
GFH Financial Group 
Production and marketing of 
cement 
Shuqaiq International 
Water and Electricity 
Company (SIWEC), 
Saudi Arabia 
SAR 3 million (equal 
to U.S.$0.8 million as 
at 31 December 
2023) 
8.00% 
Al Jomaih Energy and Water 
Company Limited; GIC, Kuwait 
Holding company for the Shuqaiq 
Independent Water & Power 
Project 
Al-Khorayef United 
Holding Company, 
Kuwait(2) 
KD 4 million (equal 
to U.S.$13 million as 
at 31 December 
2023) 
24.00% 
Al Khorayef Group; United Oil 
Projects Company 
Ownership and management of oil 
and gas gathering and steam 
injection facilities 
Yellow Door Energy 
(YDE), UAE 
U.S.$209.84 million 
11.52% 
Actis, International Finance 
Corporation; Mitsui & Co. 
Distributed solar energy systems 
BPInv4 HoldCo Ltd. 
– Coretrax, United 
Kingdom 
GBP 57.1 million 
(equal to U.S.$72.7 
million as at 31 
December 2023) 
10.30% 
Buckthorn Partners LLP 
Holding company that owns 
Coretrax, a platform that owns and 
operates specialised wellbore 
services companies 
IntraTaf Holding – 
Jordan Wind Power 
Company (JWPC), 
Jordan(2) 
U.S$28.0 million 
20.00% 
Masdar; Al Blagha Group 
Holding company that owns Tafila 
Wind Farms, an independent wind 
power project in Jordan 
Project Santis L.P. 
(Acteon Group) 
GBP 114 million 
(equal to USD 145 
million) 
19.2% 
Funds managed by: 
• 
One Equity Partners   
• 
Buckthorn Partners 
Offshore and subsea foundations 
and engineering services.  
IFC Middle East and 
North Africa Fund, 
LLP (IFC Fund) 
U.S.$108.0 million(4) 
10.00% 
IFC Founder Partner, LLC; Arab 
Fund for Economic and Social 
Development; The Arab 
Investment Company; Japan 
International Cooperation Agency 
Investment in equity, quasi-equity 
or equity-related investments in 
IFC's member countries in the 
MENA region 
Abrdn Investcorp 
Infrastructure 
Partners, LP (Abrdn 
Fund) 
U.S.$262.5 million(4) 
9.52% 
PIF, Asian Infrastructure 
Investment Bank (AIIB), 
Aberdeen Standard Investment 
and Investcorp 
Invest in essential infrastructure 
investments in the GCC and wider 
MENA region. 
GIP Emerging 
Market Fund 1 (GIP 
Fund) 
U.S.$2,100 million(4) 
4.7% 
Mubadala (UAE), Asian 
Infrastructure Investment Bank 
(AIIB), Abu Dhabi Retirement 
Pension & Benefits Fund (UAE) 
and Government Service 
Insurance System (Philippines)  
Mandated to invest in the Energy, 
Transportation and Water/Waste 
sectors in Asia and Latin America 
Energy Growth 
Momentum Fund III 
(EGM III Fund) 
U.S.$95.8 million(4) 
10.0% 
Commonfund Capital 
Environmental Sustainability, Red 
Planet Investments Limited and 
Lotus International Limited 
Partners 
Targets scalable operations and 
digital technology that improves 
the commercial and carbon 
efficiency of energy assets and 
utilities 
APICORP Managed 
Account Investment 
Vehicle, North 
America (MAIV)(5) 
U.S.$1.0 million(6) 
100.00% 
— 
Energy related 
 
 
Notes: 
NM Not meaningful. 
(1) 
Fully impaired investment. 
(2) 
Equity accounted investees. 
(3) 
Joint venture does not have any paid-up share capital. 
(4) 
Total committed capital of the fund. IFC Fund, Abrden Fund, GIP Fund and EGM III Fund are classified as investments at FVTPL. 
(5) 
Consolidated as a subsidiary. 
(6) 
The Group contributed a total of U.S.$84.5 million towards the managed account arrangement with Goldman, Sachs & Co. The vehicle made three investments which 
have been exited. The APICORP Managed Account Investment Vehicle, North America (MAIV) is consolidated as a subsidiary of APICORP but is now pursuing 
voluntary liquidation.

--- Page 94 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 79 - 
 
 
The table below summarises the geographical spread of the Investments & Partnerships' Portfolio (including the DPM but, 
save as noted in note (1) to the table, excluding APICORP's participation in the ADES IPO) at 30 June 2024.  
Country 
No. of 
investments 
Fair value at 
30 June 2024 
Percentage of 
portfolio 
 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
(per cent.) 
Saudi Arabia .......................................................................................................................... 
6 
867.1 (1) 
62.4 
Egypt ..................................................................................................................................... 
2 
178.1 
12.8 
Libya ..................................................................................................................................... 
2 
10.7 
0.8 
Kuwait ................................................................................................................................... 
1 
38.5 
2.8 
UAE ...................................................................................................................................... 
1 
19.3 
1.4 
MENA(2) ................................................................................................................................ 
2 
2.2 
0.2 
Jordan .................................................................................................................................... 
1 
21.6 
1.6 
United Kingdom .................................................................................................................... 
2 
40.1 
2.9 
Global(2) ................................................................................................................................. 
2 
60.7 
4.4 
DPM ...................................................................................................................................... 
1 
152.2 
10.9 
 
22.0 
1,390.6 
100.0 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Investments & Partnerships' has a mandate to opportunistically participate in IPOs. This total includes participation in the Aramco secondary offering. 
(2) 
Comprises the investment in the IFC Fund and Abrdn Fund. 
(3) 
Comprises the investment in the GIP Fund and EGM III Fund. 
(4)  
Excludes the investment in the management account arrangement with Goldman Sachs & Co., which is a consolidated subsidiary. 
Each company in the Investments & Partnerships' Portfolio has its own dividend policy, which is usually governed by the 
amount of the annual profit earned, the company's liquidity, its business growth plans and the policies and priorities of the 
majority shareholders. 
Exit strategy 
The Investments & Partnerships team is responsible for identifying potential exit opportunities, assessing the feasibility 
and desirability of potential exits and recommending potential divestments to the appropriate decision-making body in 
accordance with the Group's approved authority matrix. In addition, the team is responsible for the effective execution of 
exit mandates in line with the Group's investment guidelines. 
Given its development mandate, the Group's direct and indirect equity investments have typically been long-term and 
strategic in nature. For example, four of its current direct equity investments have been held for over 30 years and the 
average holding period in the Investments & Partnerships' Portfolio is approximately 16 years. 
During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group exited from its investment in Coretrax, a platform that offers wellbore 
services. The transaction was closed in May 2024 and full exit proceeds realization occurred by August 2024. 
In May 2023, the Group announced the completion of its exit from its investment in Ashtead Technology, in line with its 
strategy of regularly reviewing its portfolio and divesting from investments that have achieved their envisaged objectives. 
In addition, the APSF was wound up during 2023 following its successful sale of the underlying assets, being five medium 
range petroleum products tankers. 
During 2023, the Group's investment in the joint venture, GC-16, started returning capital as the contract nears maturity. 
The joint venture was wound-up in May 2024. The managed account arrangement with Goldman Sachs & Co. has exited 
all its investments and is pursuing voluntary liquidation. 
During 2022, the Group took advantage of the positive momentum in the oil and gas industry to exit from the following 
investments in that sector:  
• 
it fully exited its Aramco stake, recording a capital gain of U.S.$6.2 million; 
• 
it continued to sell-down its stake in Ashtead Technology through secondary offerings. A total of 11.2 per cent. 
stake was sold over two rounds of sell-downs in 2022, yielding a capital gain of U.S.$8.9 million;  
• 
it exited the investment in Lucid Energy Group, held via the managed account arrangement with Goldman Sachs 
& Co. The manager, Goldman Sachs & Co, is expected to pursue voluntary liquidation of the subsidiary upon 
finalisation of tax filings; and  
• 
it invested and exited from four IPOs on the Saudi Stock Exchange, which yielded a capital gain of U.S.$1.2 
million.

--- Page 95 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 80 - 
 
 
In 2021, the Group made three divestments: 
• 
it fully exited the Egyptian Bahraini Derivatives Company, a direct equity investment based in Egypt, through the 
sale of its 20 per cent. interest, with proceeds amounting to U.S.$7.0 million which was at cost, and which 
completed in July 2021; 
• 
in early 2021, it entered into a share sale agreement for the sale of its 20 per cent. stake in Tankmed, a storage and 
handling facility for petroleum products in Tunisia. The transaction was concluded towards the end of 2021 with 
proceeds of U.S.$10.2 million; and 
• 
a partial sale of a 9.6 per cent. stake in Ashtead Technology for U.S.$12.9 million, reducing its shareholding from 
30.3 per cent. (diluted post-IPO, pre-IPO shareholding being 32.9 per cent.) to 20.7 per cent. 
In 2021, the Group sold three of the five commercial marine vessels owned by APSF. The remaining two vessels were sold 
in 2022 following which APSF was wound up in 2023.  
Treasury  
Introduction 
Treasury's mandate is to: 
• 
ensure that APICORP is adequately funded and that a diverse range of counterparties, products and maturity 
profiles are available at any given time. See further "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition 
and results of operations of APICORP—Liquidity and funding—Funding"; 
• 
manage market risks proactively. See further "Risk management—Market risk management"; and 
• 
manage an investment portfolio with the aim of providing enhanced earnings not correlated to the Group's other 
two main cyclical business lines. 
As at 30 June 2024, Treasury had assets of U.S.$3,708.3 million. The total market value of Treasury's debt securities at 
FVOCI at 30 June 2024 was U.S.$2,913.0 million, and was principally invested in issuers with ratings between AAA and 
BBB. The average rating of the debt portfolio as at 30 June 2024 was A+. During the six months period ended 30 June 
2024, Treasury's debt securities at FVOCI generated U.S.$77.8 million of interest income, equal to 24.3 per cent. of the 
Group's total interest income in that period. 
Investment strategy 
Treasury operates out of two centres: APICORP's head office in Riyadh and APICORP's branch in Bahrain. Both treasuries 
work closely together, and consider their operations as one, except to the extent that local regulation dictates otherwise. 
The Group's treasury investment strategy is conservative, targeting high quality assets and liquid investments aiming to 
provide a stable and reliable source of income throughout different economic and market conditions and un-correlated to 
the economic cycles inherent in the Corporate Banking and Investments & Partnerships business lines. Treasury's 
investment policy permits investments in three major asset classes, fixed income securities (including treasury bills), funds 
and equities. 
The aim of this strategy is to enhance profitability by providing stable year-on-year returns over cost of funds and to manage 
the Group's liquidity while remaining within defined risk parameters. The majority of the Treasury investment portfolio 
comprises fixed income securities which can either be sold or used to raise finance through sale and repurchase transactions 
if necessary. 
The allocation of investments is mainly based on the performance outlook of each asset class, taking into account liquidity 
considerations, which on occasion leads the Group to adjust its asset mix to ensure that it maintains a conservative approach. 
Treasury endeavours to avoid significant volatility in its investment portfolio and focuses on capital preservation. Currently, 
the majority of the portfolio is invested in fixed income securities, almost all of which are denominated in U.S. dollars and 
none of which include embedded derivative elements. 
Treasury's debt securities at FVOCI 
Treasury's debt securities at FVOCI are discussed further under "Management's discussion and analysis of financial 
position and results of operations of APICORP—Analysis of certain statement of financial position items—Treasury 
investment portfolio".

--- Page 96 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 81 - 
 
 
COMPETITION 
The Group's primary competition is from regional, international and development banks which have recognised expertise 
in project finance, ship finance and structured commodity finance as well as the financing of energy projects and energy 
trade in the MENA region. However, in many cases competitors on certain deals are also partners on other deals leading 
to competitive partnership. The Group is also increasingly facing competition from local banks in their own jurisdictions 
which have established expertise in the project financing area and are prepared to support aggressively their national 
champions and landmark projects. These banks also benefit from the ability to fund themselves with low cost retail deposits 
in their local currency. This competition directly impacts the Group's ability to win advisory and structuring mandates and 
also affects the pricing of transactions, particularly at times where there is significant market liquidity. This competition 
may also lead to certain transactions being structured in a more aggressive manner than the Group considers appropriate in 
light of the risks involved. 
With regard to direct equity investments, the Group's competition includes investment funds and private equity companies, 
large family holding companies with interest in the oil and gas industry, and energy project developers. 
See generally "Risk Factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme—The Group faces significant and increasing competition". 
COMPLIANCE 
The Group is committed to building and maintaining a culture of ethical behaviour, corporate governance and regulatory 
compliance. The Group's compliance function is independent from its business activities. Among other things, the 
compliance function is responsible for: 
• 
determining the internal measures and procedures needed to comply with applicable laws, regulations, procedures 
and internal standards and providing appropriate guidance to employees; 
• 
monitoring adherence to all applicable laws, regulations, procedures and internal standards either directly or by 
delegating this responsibility to other clearly identified departments or persons as part of the Group's internal 
control process; 
• 
assisting management in ensuring that all activities are conducted in conformity with all applicable requirements; 
and 
• 
assessing the appropriateness of the Group's compliance-related guidelines and, where necessary, proposing 
amendments. 
The Group's Compliance and Anti-money Laundering ("AML") policy sets out minimum standards which must be 
complied with across the Group. These include: 
• 
the appointment and approval of the Compliance Officer, who is responsible for overseeing compliance with 
relevant regulations, rules and best practices; 
• 
the appointment and approval of the Money Laundering Reporting Officer, who is responsible for overseeing all 
AML activity within the Group; 
• 
establishing and maintaining thorough customer due diligence, identification, verification and know your 
customer ("KYC") procedures, including enhanced due diligence for high risk counterparties (such as certain 
correspondent banks and politically exposed persons); 
• 
in accordance with Central Bank of Bahrain regulations and Financial Action Task Force ("FATF") 
recommendations, the Group does not deal with banks that have no physical presence; 
• 
ongoing monitoring of counterparty activities and frequent counterparty reviews; 
• 
procedures for identifying and reporting suspicious transactions internally and/or to regulatory bodies (such as the 
Central Bank of Bahrain); 
• 
the retention of records for minimum prescribed periods in accordance with applicable regulations; and 
• 
appropriate reporting on compliance/AML matters to senior management and the Board (where material). 
The Group is committed to preventing the use of its operations for money laundering, terrorist financing and other criminal 
purposes. In its approach to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, the Group is committed to adhering to all 
laws and regulations that are applicable in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and other countries in which it operates. It is also

--- Page 97 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 82 - 
 
 
committed to complying with international best practices, especially those endorsed by the FATF, the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision and the Wolfsberg Group. 
The Group seeks to ensure that it maintains full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in 
which it does business (including those promulgated by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, the European Union 
and the United Nations). APICORP complies with all applicable laws and regulations on sanctioned countries or entities 
regardless of its Syrian and Libyan shareholders, including blocking transactions where appropriate, including with respect 
to shareholders, investments and lending activity. The Group's Sanctions Compliance Policy covers: 
• 
screening customers/clients and transactions globally against the sanctions lists issued by the United Kingdom's 
HM Treasury, the European Union, the United Nations and the United States of America Department of the 
Treasury – Office of Foreign Assets Control; 
• 
prohibiting business activity, including prohibitions on commencing or continuing customer relationships or 
providing products or services or facilitating transactions that the Group believes may violate applicable sanctions 
laws or its Sanctions Compliance Policy, including dealing with individuals or entities named on a sanctions list 
or conducting business, directly or indirectly, involving countries or territories subject to comprehensive 
sanctions; 
• 
restricting business activity involving, directly or indirectly, countries or persons subject to more selective or 
targeted sanctions programmes, which impacts not only the types of products or services that the Group may make 
available but also the types of transactions the Group may process; 
• 
investigating all customer/client alerts or transactions that are flagged in the Group's screening systems; and 
• 
reporting breaches of sanctions laws to the relevant regulatory authority. 
Effective AML and KYC procedures form a fundamental part of the Group's internal control regime. Ongoing KYC, AML 
and sanctions training is provided to all of the Group's employees on a regular basis. 
INTERNAL AUDIT 
The Group has engaged Deloitte & Touche Advisory Saudi Limited ("Deloitte") to conduct the internal audit of all of its 
activities. Deloitte reports its findings to the Board Audit and Risk Committee. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
The Group uses IT to support the delivery of its business strategy. The Group uses market leading software solutions for 
its financial services and enterprise resource planning to provide services to its business and to respond to new trends in 
business strategies as they arise. The Group deals with a range of hardware and software partners as well as outsourcing 
vendors to achieve its long-term strategic IT vision, which is to ensure that the IT services that it delivers are reliable, 
secure and business aligned. 
The Group has a data centre with appropriate redundancy levels, high availability and a managed virtualised environment. 
It has also established a disaster recovery site which enables data replication with the main data centre for all critical 
applications. 
APICORP's cyber-security procedures aim to ensure the maximum information and network protection from cyber threats 
and operate at four main levels: 
• 
network security, which aims to ensure the security of APICORP's network from threats originating both inside 
and outside APICORP; 
• 
application security, which is designed to ensure that any application developed or acquired meets stringent 
standards of security; 
• 
information system security, which comprises the processes and methodologies involved in keeping information 
confidential and available and assuring its integrity; and 
• 
end-users security, which seeks to protect APICORP from end-users' activity and end-users from threats 
emanating from both within and outside APICORP.

--- Page 98 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 83 - 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
INTRODUCTION 
The role of risk management is to understand, measure and manage risk in all aspects of the Group's business. The Group 
aims to embed a risk management culture in all of its business processes and to ensure that a risk management culture is 
adopted throughout the organisation. Accordingly, the Group seeks to continually improve its risk management in line with 
industry standards and Central Bank of Bahrain guidelines and by investing in the right people and systems. 
The Group's risk management framework is focused on fully integrating enterprise-wide risk management into its 
operations and culture. The risk management structure covers credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and 
compliance. The Group seeks to ensure that risks are proactively identified and managed and it aims to achieve an 
appropriate balance between risk and return and to minimise potential adverse effects on its financial performance. 
The Group's risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks which it faces, to set appropriate 
risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. The Group's risk management policies and systems 
are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions, emerging best practices and the products and services 
offered. The Group, through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and 
constructive control environment, in which all employees understand their roles and obligations. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES 
The Board has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk management framework. The 
Board has established a Risk Management committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group's risk 
management policies. In addition, the Board Audit and Risk committee oversees how management monitors compliance 
with the Group's risk management policies and procedures, and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework 
in relation to the risks faced by the Group. The Board Audit and Risk committee is assisted in its oversight role by the 
internal audit function (which is outsourced to Deloitte), which undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk 
management controls and procedures. 
The Risk Management Committee, which is a management level committee, is responsible for developing and monitoring 
the Group's risk management policies to maintain effective oversight of the key risks faced. Risk management policies 
have been established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group; set appropriate risk limits and controls; and 
monitor risks and adherence to limits. The Group's risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect 
changes in market conditions and the Group's activities. The Group, through its training as well as management standards 
and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees understand 
their roles and obligations.  
For a further discussion of the Group's Board and management committees, see "Management and employees—
Management". 
The Group's Risk Management Department is responsible for ensuring and maintaining effective enterprise-wide risk 
management, as contained in the Group's Risk Charter. It is also responsible for all risk management policies, risk exposure 
thresholds, risk appetite framework, rating models and related manuals. 
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
Credit risk is the risk that a borrower or counterparty will be unable or unwilling to meet a commitment that it has entered 
into with the Group, causing a financial loss to the Group. Credit risk principally arises from the Group's lending, treasury 
and other activities. The Group has established policies and procedures to control and monitor these risks and it also 
monitors concentration of credit risk by sector and by geographic location. 
Proposed loans and direct and indirect equity investments are subject to systematic investigation, analysis and appraisal as 
set forth below. Once approved, all loan commitments, whether drawn or undrawn, are subject to systematic monitoring 
so that potential problems may be detected early and remedial action taken. 
The Group's treasury activities, including its investments in fixed income securities and its bank placements, are controlled 
by means of a framework of limits and external credit ratings. Investing in marketable securities is primarily restricted to 
GCC countries, the United States and major European stock exchanges. Dealings are only permitted with approved 
internationally rated banks, brokers and other counterparties. Securities portfolios and investing policies are reviewed from 
time to time by the Risk Management Committee.

--- Page 99 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 84 - 
 
 
Credit approval process 
All of the Group's credit transactions undergo two levels of review before being proposed for Board approval, with interim 
approval being granted as a clearance to perform further due diligence. Final approval is only granted after detailed due 
diligence has been conducted and the results are considered satisfactory. 
Applicants for direct credit are required to submit detailed information to the Group, including relevant background 
information as well as specific information on their management, business model, major suppliers and customers and bank 
relationships and limits. In addition, the Group typically requires audited financial statements for the last three years as 
well as current year financial information where available. The availability of sovereign guarantees and commitments and 
export credit agency cover are also key factors in the evaluation of a credit application. 
Officers within Corporate Banking conduct a financial analysis of the applicant, propose an internal credit grade and 
negotiate the key terms of the proposed facility with the applicant. They also conduct screening checks and undertake site 
visits. All credit applications are also reviewed independently by the Risk Management Department. Risk queries are 
discussed with the transaction team and the queries and their resolution are reflected in the credit application. Reference 
checks are made through market sources and intermediaries. Where appropriate, specialist consultants may be engaged to 
undertake technical, financial and/or legal due diligence. Once the credit application has been completed, it and the 
accompanying risk review and any external due diligence reports obtained are submitted to the management level Credit 
Committee for review and approval. 
Where the Group is participating in a syndicated loan, the Group typically receives and reviews the standard credit package 
submitted to all potential syndicate participants. The Group's review process for syndicated loan participations does not 
materially differ from that for its direct lending. 
In each case, once all internal review and validation steps have been completed, the application is submitted to the Credit 
Committee, which makes an appropriate recommendation to the Board. The Board has the ultimate authority to sanction 
commitments. 
Credit rating and measurement 
The Group's risk rating system is the basis for determining the credit risk of its asset portfolio and, therefore, appropriate 
asset pricing, the portfolio management strategy and loss provisions and reserves. The risk rating is also a key factor in 
credit approval. 
The Group allocates each exposure to a credit risk grade based on a variety of data that is determined to be predictive of 
the risk of default and applying experienced credit judgement. Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and 
quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of default. These factors vary depending on the nature of the exposure and 
the type of borrower. 
Credit risk grades are defined and calibrated such that the risk of default occurring increases exponentially as the credit 
risk deteriorates. 
Each exposure is allocated to a credit risk grade at initial recognition based on available information about the borrower. 
Exposures are subject to ongoing monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit risk grade. 
Internal risk management reports, containing information on key variables, portfolio delinquency and impairment 
performance, are presented to both the Risk Management Committee and the Board Audit and Risk Committee. All 
exposures are monitored carefully for performance and reviewed formally on a monthly basis. The Group's policies 
mandate client visits and monitoring of accounts to make sure that any concerns on the quality of the accounts are addressed 
proactively. 
The information used to assign and monitor credit risk grades comprises: 
• 
information obtained from customer files, including audited financial statements, management accounts, budgets 
and projections. Example areas of particular focus are: gross profit margins, financial leverage ratios, debt service 
coverage, compliance with covenants, quality of management and senior management changes; 
• 
data from credit reference agencies, press articles and changes in external credit ratings; 
• 
quoted bond and credit default swap prices for the borrower where available; 
• 
actual and expected significant changes in the political, regulatory and technological environment of the borrower 
or in its business activities; 
• 
the borrower's payment record, including its overdue status as well as a range of variables about payment ratios;

--- Page 100 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 85 - 
 
 
• 
utilisation of the granted limit; 
• 
requests for and granting of forbearance; and 
• 
existing and forecast changes in business, financial and economic conditions. 
The Group also monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify significant increases in credit risk by regular 
reviews to confirm that: 
• 
the criteria are capable of identifying significant increases in credit risk before an exposure is in default; 
• 
the criteria do not align with the point in time when an asset becomes 30 days past due; and 
• 
there is no unwarranted volatility in loss allowance from transfers between 12-month probability of default ("PD") 
(stage 1 under IFRS 9) and lifetime PD (stage 2 under IFRS 9). 
The Group uses credit risk grades as a primary input into the determination of the term structure of the PD for exposure. 
The Group collects performance and default information about its credit exposure analysed by jurisdiction or region and 
by type of product and borrower as well as credit risk grading. The information used is based on the internally generated 
rating model. While the internal credit grade system is not intended to replicate external credit grades, factors used to grade 
a borrower may be similar and a borrower rated poorly by an external rating agency is typically assigned a lower internal 
credit grade. Lower grades are indicative of a higher likelihood of default. Credit ratings are used by the Group to decide 
the maximum lending amount and also to set minimum pricing thresholds. 
The Group has adopted a five-tiered asset classification, being Standard, Watch List, Substandard, Doubtful and Loss, and 
grades its assets under 10 rating categories. Assets within the AAA to C rating band (that is, AAA, AA, A, BBB, BB, B 
and C) are considered to be performing assets and assets graded DDD, DD or D are considered to be non-performing assets. 
The Group monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment requirements to assess whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If there has been a significant increase in credit risk, the Group 
will measure the loss allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month expected credit losses. 
The table below summarises the Group's asset classification and grading model.  
Internal rating 
Asset classification 
Default indicator 
AAA to AA- 
Standard 
No past due payments 
A+ to A- 
Standard 
No past due payments 
BBB+ to BBB- 
Standard 
No past due payments 
BB+ to B- 
Standard 
No past due payments 
NR 
NR 
No past due payments 
C 
Watch list 
Past due payments of 90 days or less 
DDD 
Sub Standard 
Past due payment of 180 days or less 
DD 
Doubtful 
Past due payment of 360 days or less 
D 
Loss 
Past due payment of more than 360 days 
See "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP— Analysis of 
certain statement of financial position items—Loans and advances" for analyses of the Group's loans and advances by the 
concentrations of these loans by sector and geographic location, in each case as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each 
of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
The Group has a risk-based pricing mechanism under which the allocation of capital for each loan is based on the loan's 
internal rating, in accordance with Basel guidance that riskier assets should require more capital. The Group's loans are 
priced to derive an acceptable return on capital which means that higher pricing is applied to riskier loans. 
Generating the term structure of PD 
Credit risk grades are a primary input into the determination of the term structure of PD for exposures. The Group collects 
performance and default information about its credit risk exposures analysed by jurisdiction or region and by type of 
product and borrower as well as by credit risk grading. 
The Group employs statistical models to analyse the data collected and generate estimates of the remaining lifetime PD of 
exposures and how these are expected to change as a result of the passage of time. 
This analysis includes the identification and calibration of relationships between changes in default rates and changes in 
key macro-economic factors as well as in-depth analysis of the impact of certain other factors (such as forbearance 
experience) on the risk of default. For most exposures, key macro-economic indicators include GDP growth.

--- Page 101 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 86 - 
 
 
Based on advice from the Risk Management Department and economic experts and consideration of a variety of external 
actual and forecast information, the Group formulates a base case view of the future direction of relevant economic 
variables as well as a representative range of other possible forecast scenarios. The Group then uses these forecasts to adjust 
its estimates of PDs. 
The base case represents a most-likely outcome and is aligned with information used by the Group for other purposes, such 
as strategic planning and budgeting. The other scenarios represent more optimistic and more pessimistic outcomes. 
The Group has identified and documented key drivers of credit risk and credit losses for each portfolio of financial 
instruments and, using an analysis of historical data, has estimated relationships between macro- economic variables and 
credit risk and credit losses. The economic scenarios use the key indicators for the selected countries such as interest rates 
and GDP growth. 
The tables below show the internal rating classification of the Group's loans and advances at amortised cost and their 
corresponding IFRS 9 stage classification as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ........................................................................................................  
422.8 
- 
- 
422.8 
A+ - A- ...............................................................................................................  
      2,134.2 
- 
- 
2,134.2 
BBB – BBB- ......................................................................................................  
1,130.6 
191.3 
- 
1,322.0 
BB+ - C ..............................................................................................................  
261.6 
922.4 
- 
1,184.0 
D .........................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
31,149 
31.1 
Gross amount ....................................................................................................  
3,949.2 
1,113.7 
31,149 
5,094.1 
ECL allowance ...................................................................................................  
(9) 
(68.6) 
(31.1) 
(108.7) 
Carrying amount ..............................................................................................  
3,940.3 
1,045.1 
- 
4,985.4 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ........................................................................................................  
522.4 
— 
— 
522.4 
A+ - A- ...............................................................................................................  
1,782.7 
— 
— 
1,782.7 
BBB – BBB- ......................................................................................................  
920.7 
198.0 
— 
1,118.6 
BB+ - C ..............................................................................................................  
289.0 
844.4 
— 
1,133.4 
D .........................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
36.5 
36.5 
Gross amount ....................................................................................................  
3,514.8 
1,042.4 
36.5 
4,593.7 
ECL allowance ...................................................................................................  
(4.0) 
(56.8) 
(36.5) 
(97.4) 
Carrying amount ..............................................................................................  
3,510.8 
985.6 
— 
4,496.3 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022(1) 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ........................................................................................................  
506.7 
 
 
506.7 
A+ - A- ...............................................................................................................  
1,583.1 
 
 
1,583.1 
BBB – BBB- ......................................................................................................  
1,078.8 
 
 
1,078.8 
BB+ - C ..............................................................................................................  
256.1 
778.2 
 
1,034.3 
D .........................................................................................................................  
 
 
51.5 
51.5 
Gross amount ....................................................................................................  
3,424.8 
778.2 
51.5 
4,254.4 
ECL allowance ...................................................................................................  
(3.7) 
(60.2) 
(39.6) 
(103.6) 
Carrying amount ..............................................................................................  
3,421.1 
718.0 
11.8 
4,150.9 
(1)   The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements.  
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 102 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 87 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA – AA- ........................................................................................................  
696.5 
— 
— 
696.5 
A+ - A- ...............................................................................................................  
1,449.7 
— 
— 
1,449.7 
BBB – BBB- ......................................................................................................  
1,371.6 
90.0 
— 
1,461.5 
BB+ - C ..............................................................................................................  
399.4 
724.0 
— 
1,123.4 
D .........................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
13.5 
13.5 
Gross amount ....................................................................................................  
3,917.1 
813.9 
13.5 
4,744.5 
ECL allowance ...................................................................................................  
(3.4) 
(53.2) 
(13.5) 
(70.0) 
Carrying amount ..............................................................................................  
3,913.7 
760.7 
— 
4,674.5 
Credit mitigation 
The Group seeks to mitigate potential credit losses from any given account, customer or portfolio using a range of tools, 
including taking collateral or guarantees in particular. The reliance that can be placed on these credit mitigation resources 
is carefully assessed taking into account their legal enforceability, the market value of any collateral and the counterparty 
risk of any guarantor. 
The Group accepts a range of collateral types, including receivables; fixed assets such as plant and machinery; marketable 
securities; commodities; bank guarantees; and LCs. Risk mitigation policies control the approval of different collateral 
types. 
The Group values its collateral in accordance with its risk mitigation policy, which prescribes the frequency of valuation 
for different collateral types. The valuation frequency is driven by the level of price volatility of each type of collateral and 
the nature of the underlying product or risk exposure. Collateral held against impaired financings is maintained at fair 
value. 
The Group also purchases comprehensive non-payment insurance cover for certain exposures in non- investment grade 
countries based on transaction credit assessments. 
Exposure Management Framework 
The Group manages and monitors its credit risk exposure by deploying a risk-based approach for setting credit risk limits 
on APICORP’s lending portfolio.  
The Group’s Exposure Management Framework sets the boundaries of various lending exposures at APICORP, enhancing 
risk-based diversification and efficient capital utilization across geographies, counterparties and asset classes to maintain 
the diversified nature of the lending portfolio and avoiding concentration in terms of individual counterparties, groups (i.e., 
connected counterparties), countries and exposures that are significant in size. 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities 
that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk management aims to ensure that funds are 
available at all times to meet the Group's funding requirements. 
The Group's liquidity management policies are designed to ensure that even under adverse conditions, the Group has access 
to adequate funds to meet its obligations, and to service its core investment and lending functions. This is achieved by the 
application of prudent but flexible controls, which provide security of access to liquidity without undue exposure to 
increased costs from the liquidation of assets or the need to bid aggressively for deposits. 
The Group seeks to maintain an adequate level of quality liquid assets to continuously support its liquidity needs. Well-
diversified sources of funding are also maintained, and liquidity mismatches are monitored and managed on a proactive 
basis. The Group's liquidity risk policy is in compliance with Basel III guidelines. As part of liquidity management, the 
Group also seeks to ensure the availability of term financing at competitive rates at all times to meet its long-term funding 
requirements. 
Management has enhanced its monitoring of the Group's liquidity and funding requirements in response to the COVID-19 
outbreak and the Group continues to monitor and respond to all liquidity and funding requirements that are presented. The 
Group also continues to calibrate stress testing scenarios to current market conditions in order to assess the impact on the 
Group in extreme stress. As at 31 December 2022, the liquidity and funding position of the Group remains strong and 
management believes that the Group is well placed to absorb and manage the impacts of market stress. 
The Group's daily liquidity position is monitored and regular stress testing is conducted under a variety of scenarios 
covering both normal and more severe market conditions.

--- Page 103 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 88 - 
 
 
All of the Group's liquidity policies are subject to review and approval by the Asset and Liability Committee (the "ALCO"). 
Liquidity controls are provided for an adequately diversified deposit base in terms of maturities and the range of 
counterparties. 
The table below summarises the Group's asset and liability maturity profile, based on management's estimates of 
repayment, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. A more detailed table showing individual 
statement of financial position line items is set out in note 28 of the 2023 Financial Statement and note 29 of the 2022 
Financial Statement. 
 
Up to 3 months 
3 months to 1 
year 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and over 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
30 June 2024 ........................................................................  
1,157.7 
980.6 
2,535.7 
5,809.1 
10,483.1 
Total assets ...........................................................................  
(1,041.0) 
(2,272.9) 
(6,447.8) 
(191.4) 
(9,953.1) 
Total liabilities and off-balance sheet exposures ...................  
116.7 
(1,292.3) 
(3,912.1) 
5,617.7 
530.0 
Maturity gap .........................................................................  
116.7 
(1,175.6) 
(5,087.7) 
530.0 
 
31 December 2023 ...............................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets ...........................................................................  
1,712.37 
439.1 
3,602.3 
4,127.7 
9,881.4 
Total liabilities and off-balance sheet exposures ...................  
(1,511.8) 
(1,475.7) 
(5,740.0) 
(371.1) 
(9,098.5) 
Maturity gap .........................................................................  
200.5 
(1,036.6) 
(2,137.7) 
3,756.7 
782.9 
Cumulative maturity gap .......................................................  
200.5 
(836.1) 
(2,973.8) 
782.9 
— 
31 December 2022 ...............................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets ...........................................................................  
1,369.7 
968.0 
3,492.0 
3,024.3 
8,853.9 
Total liabilities and equity .....................................................  
(1,063.0) 
(937.1) 
(3,890.5) 
(2,963.4) 
(8,853.9) 
Maturity gap .........................................................................  
306.7 
30.9 
(398.5) 
60.9 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap .......................................................  
306.7 
337.6 
(60.9) 
— 
— 
31 December 2021 ...............................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets  ..........................................................................  
1,419.0 
872.2 
2,982.9 
2,718.1 
7,992.2 
Total liabilities and equity .....................................................  
(454.9) 
(704.5) 
(4,278.4) 
(2,554.3) 
(7,992.2) 
Maturity gap .........................................................................  
964.1 
167.7 
(1,295.5) 
163.8 
— 
Cumulative maturity gap .......................................................  
964.1 
1,131.8 
(163.8) 
— 
— 
The Group's funding profile has been strengthened by increasing the amount of its medium- and long-term funding. As a 
result, the Group's liquidity mismatch position has improved as evidenced by the trend in maturity gaps shown in the table 
above. 
MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market factors, such as interest rates, equity prices and foreign exchange rates, will 
affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management 
is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return on risk. 
The majority of the Group's investments (which are not actively traded) are debt securities at FVOCI. The Group also has 
a small amount of equity-related funds and equity securities at FVOCI. Treasury activities are controlled by the ALCO and 
are also subject to a framework of Board-approved currency, industry and geographical limits and ratings by recognised 
rating agencies. 
The principal risk to which the Group's non-trading portfolios are exposed is the risk of loss from fluctuations in the future 
cash flows or fair values of its securities because of a change in market interest rates, foreign exchange rates and/or equity 
prices. 
Interest rate risk 
The Group's loans and advances and its funding are principally denominated in U.S. dollars and the interest rates for both 
are typically linked to underlying reference rates, significantly hedging its floating interest rate positions. The Group's 
exposure to interest rate fluctuations on certain financial assets and liabilities is also contractually hedged through interest 
rate swap agreements. 
The Group's exposure to interest rate risk is restricted by permitting only a limited mismatch between the re-pricing of the 
main components of its assets and liabilities. The table below summarises the Group's interest rate sensitivity gap by 
repricing period and its cumulative gap as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. A more 
detailed table showing individual statement of financial position line items is set out in note 28 of the 2023 Financial 
Statements and note 29 of the 2022 Financial Statements.

--- Page 104 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 89 - 
 
 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 months to 1 
year 
1 – 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Total 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
30 June 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap ........................................  
214.5 
(1,937.3) 
— 
43.5 
— 
Cumulative gap .........................................................  
214.5 
(1,722.8) 
(1,722.8) 
(1,679.3) 
— 
31 December 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap ........................................  
44.0 
(1,126.9) 
— 
42.2 
(1,040.7) 
Cumulative gap .........................................................  
44.0 
(1,082.9) 
(1,082.9) 
(1,040.7) 
— 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap ........................................  
(33.2) 
(24.7) 
(300.0) 
44.2 
(313.7) 
Cumulative gap .........................................................  
(33.2) 
(57.9) 
(357.9) 
(313.7) 
— 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate sensitivity gap ........................................  
294.6 
(475.1) 
— 
— 
(180.5) 
Cumulative gap .........................................................  
294.6 
(180.5) 
(180.5) 
(180.5) 
— 
A positive figure in the table above indicates that the Group has a higher volume of assets than liabilities which re-priced 
in the relevant period. Where the Group's gaps are positive, this means that the Group typically benefits in an increasing 
interest rate environment but is adversely affected in a falling interest rate environment. 
The management of interest rate risk against interest rate gap limits is supplemented by monitoring the sensitivity of the 
Group's financial assets and liabilities to various standard and non-standard interest rate scenarios. Standard scenarios that 
are considered on a periodic basis include a 100 basis point parallel fall or rise in all yield curves worldwide. 
The table shows an analysis of the sensitivity of the Group's statement of income and equity as at 30 June 2024 and 31 
December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021 and to an increase or decrease in market interest rates (assuming no asymmetrical 
movement in yield curves and a constant consolidated statement of financial position). 
 
100 basis point parallel 
increase 
100 basis point parallel 
decrease 
 
Profit or loss 
Equity 
Profit or loss 
Equity 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
As at 30 June 2024 .............................................................................................  
7.3 
0.1 
(7.3) 
(0.1) 
As at 31 December 2023 ....................................................................................  
16.8 
0.3 
(16.8) 
(0.3) 
As at 31 December 2022 ....................................................................................  
1.3 
(0.1) 
(1.3) 
0.1 
As at 31 December 2021 ....................................................................................  
1.5 
0.4 
(1.5) 
(0.4) 
Treasury's fixed income portfolio is also exposed to credit spread risk. APICORP manages this risk through investing in 
highly rated securities (with a target portfolio rating of "A") with shorter tenor and diversified characteristics. 
Currency risk 
Currency risk is minimised by conducting a regular review of exposures to currencies other than the U.S. dollar to ensure 
that no significant positions are taken which may expose the Group to undue risks. The Group does not trade in foreign 
exchange. The Group's exposures in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are also partially hedged by entering into forward 
contracts. 
The table below shows an analysis of the sensitivity of the Group's statement of income to a 5 per cent. strengthening or a 
5 per cent. weakening of the U.S. dollar against major un-pegged foreign currencies as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 
in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. The analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain the same.

--- Page 105 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 90 - 
 
 
 
5 per cent. 
strengthening of 
U.S. dollar 
5 per cent. 
weakening of 
U.S. dollar 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
 
EGP ............................................................................................................................................................  
(0.34) 
0.31 
GBP ............................................................................................................................................................  
1.63 
(1.47) 
KWD ..........................................................................................................................................................  
(1.51) 
1.37 
EUR 
(2.21) 
2.00 
As at 31 December 2023 
(0.34) 
0.31 
EGP ............................................................................................................................................................  
(0.2) 
0.2 
GBP ............................................................................................................................................................  
(0.8) 
0.8 
KWD ..........................................................................................................................................................  
(8.1) 
8.1 
EUR 
(0.3) 
0.3 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
 
EGP ............................................................................................................................................................  
(0.147) 
0.147 
GBP ............................................................................................................................................................  
(0.056) 
0.056 
KWD ..........................................................................................................................................................  
0.018 
(0.018) 
EUR 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
EGP ............................................................................................................................................................  
0.073 
(0.073) 
GBP ............................................................................................................................................................  
0.050 
(0.050) 
KWD ..........................................................................................................................................................  
0.018 
(0.018) 
EUR 
 
 
The Group also has minor sensitivities in other currencies. For further information see note 28(c) to the 2023 Financial 
Statements and 26 to the 2022 Financial Statements. In addition, note 33 to the Financial Statements contains information 
on the Group's exposures by currency. The Group's only material exposures are in U.S. dollars and currencies linked to the 
U.S. dollar. 
Equity price risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the Group's quoted equity investments will depreciate in value due to movements in their 
quoted equity prices. The ALCO is responsible for managing equity price risk. Periodic listed equity price movements are 
reviewed by executive management and the ALCO. The Group believes that it has an insignificant exposure to listed 
equities. 
Note 30(b) to the 2023 Financial Statements contains details of the Group's fair value hierarchy and categories of financial 
instruments. 
OPERATIONAL RISK 
Operational risk is the risk of unexpected losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal controls or procedures, systems 
failures, fraud, business interruption, compliance breaches, human error, management failure or inadequate staffing. A 
framework and methodology has been developed to identify and control the Group's operational risks. While operational 
risk cannot be entirely eliminated, it is managed and mitigated by ensuring that the appropriate infrastructure, controls, 
systems, procedures, and trained and competent people are in place. The Group's internal audit function makes regular, 
independent appraisals of the control environment in all identified risk areas. Adequately tested contingency arrangements 
are also in place to support operations in the event of a range of possible disaster scenarios and, as part of the Group's 
overall business continuity planning, APICORP has established crisis management communication guidelines to ensure 
that all appropriate initial steps are taken in relation to both internal and external stakeholders, such as customers, 
employees, regulators and counterparties, in the event of a crisis. In addition, an incident management system has been 
developed to report, assess and control operational risks across the Group.

--- Page 106 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 91 - 
 
 
CAPITALISATION 
The table below shows the Group's cash and cash equivalents, financial debt and capitalisation (excluding current debt) as 
at 30 June 2024. This table should be read in conjunction with the Interim Financial Information. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Cash and cash equivalent .........................................................................................................................................................  
213.7 
Term financing (excluding current portion of debt)(1) ..............................................................................................................  
950.0 
Sukuk and Bonds issued (excluding current portion of debt)(2) ................................................................................................  
3,235.3 
Total financial debt (excluding current debt) ......................................................................................................................  
4,399.0 
Total equity .............................................................................................................................................................................  
3,244.3 
Total capitalisation ................................................................................................................................................................  
7,643.3 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Current portion of bank financing was 7.5 million as at 30 June 2024. 
(2) 
Current portion of sukuk and bonds issued was U.S.$1,391.0 million as at 30 June 2024. 
Except as described in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material change in the Group's capitalisation since 30 June 
2024.

--- Page 107 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 92 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to, the Financial Statements and should also be read in conjunction with "Management's discussion and analysis 
of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP". 
See also "Presentation of Group financial information" for a discussion of the sources of the numbers contained in this 
section. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION DATA 
The table below shows APICORP's consolidated statement of financial position data as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 
in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalent ....................................................................................  
213.7 
211.6 
21.6 
51.1 
Placements with banks, net .................................................................................  
319.3 
507.9 
786.3 
292.5 
Assets held for sale .............................................................................................  
12.6 
12.6 
— 
 
Positive fair value of derivatives ........................................................................  
102.4 
66.8 
110.6 
 
Loans and advances, net .....................................................................................  
5,133.9 
4,648.6 
4,229.7 
4,643.6(2) 
Investments ........................................................................................................  
4,602.5 
4,342.0 
3,591.6 
2,769.0 
Equity accounted investees .................................................................................  
60.1 
54.4 
68.1 
95.5 
Other assets 
4.9 
3.7 
3.3 
90.2 
Property, equipment and right of use assets ........................................................  
33.5 
33.8 
42.8 
50.3 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets ........................................................................................................  
10,483.0 
9,881.4 
8,853.9 
7,992.2 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Deposits ..............................................................................................................  
815.5 
1,270.4 
958.8 
349.0 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ..................................................  
501.6 
500.5 
135.3 
— 
Negative fair value of derivatives .......................................................................  
245.7 
231.2 
294.6 
 
Other liabilities 
92.2 
99.2 
84.5 
187.0 
Term financing ...................................................................................................  
957.5 
957.6 
251.1 
— 
Sukuk and bonds issued ......................................................................................  
4,626.3 
3,653.6 
4,209.0 
4,901.8 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities ..................................................................................................  
7,238.8 
6,712.5 
5,933.3 
5,437.9 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Share capital .......................................................................................................  
1,500.0 
1,500.0 
1,500.0 
1,500.0 
Legal reserve ......................................................................................................  
296.0 
296.0 
273.0 
258.0 
General reserve ...................................................................................................  
316.1 
316.1 
316.1 
208.2 
Investments fair value reserve and other reserve ................................................  
672.2 
719.8 
680.2 
478.4 
Retained earnings ...............................................................................................  
460.0 
337.0 
151.1 
107.9 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Corporation .......................  
3,244.3 
3,168.9 
2,920.5 
2,552.5 
Non-controlling interests ....................................................................................  
0.0 
0.0 
0.1 
1.8 
Total equity .......................................................................................................  
3,244.3 
3,168.9 
2,920.6 
2,554.3 
Total liabilities and equity................................................................................  
10,483.1 
9,881.4 
8,853.9 
7,992.2 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements.  
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 108 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 93 - 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME DATA 
The table below shows APICORP's consolidated statement of profit or loss data for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
and 2023 and for the year ended 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 30 
June 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Interest income .........................................................................  
320.2 
252.5 
523.8 
262.1 
145.6 
Interest expense ........................................................................  
(205.1) 
(159.1) 
(338.4) 
(127.8) 
(74.2) 
Net interest income ...................................................................  
115.1 
93.3 
185.4 
134.3 
71.3 
Dividend income ......................................................................  
22.5 
33.4 
85.0 
110.9 
98.2 
Net change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL ..............  
10.5 
(1.4) 
23.3 
4.3 
14.2 
Net gain/(loss) on disposal of financial assets at FVOCI ..........  
7.7 
0.6 
(5.5) 
4.5 
(25.5) 
Share of profit from equity accounted investees .......................  
5.2 
1.5 
6.5 
5.1 
5.3 
Fee income ...............................................................................  
2.2 
2.5 
5.8 
6.1 
5.2 
Other (loss)/income, net ...........................................................  
(8.0) 
(0.3) 
5.1 
2.6 
(17.6) 
Total income before operating expenses and impairments ..  
155.3 
129.7 
305.6 
267.7 
151.2 
Operating expenses ...................................................................  
(24.2) 
(22.9) 
(63.0) 
(60.6) 
(53.6) 
Impairment (loss)/reversal on financial instruments, net ..........  
(10.4) 
(12.0) 
(10.6) 
(42.0) 
7.7 
Impairment loss on other assets, net .........................................  
— 
(6.7) 
(6.7) 
(16.2) 
(5.7) 
Profit for the period/year .......................................................  
120.7 
88.1 
225.3 
148.9 
99.6 
Profit for the period/year attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the corporation ................................................  
120.7 
88.2 
225.4 
150.5 
100.8 
Non-controlling interests ..........................................................  
0.0 
(0.1) 
(0.1) 
(1.7) 
(1.2) 
Profit for the period/year .......................................................  
120.7 
88.1 
225.3 
148.9 
99.6 
The table below shows a summary of APICORP's consolidated statement of comprehensive income data for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 and for the year ended 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Profit for the period/year .......................................................  
120.7 
88.1 
225.3 
148.9 
99.6 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to the statement of profit or 
loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Net change in fair value of equities at FVOCI ..........................  
(42.6) 
(34.6) 
11.8 
206.9 
18.0 
Re-measurement loss on end of service benefits.......................  
— 
— 
(1.2) 
— 
— 
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to the 
statement of profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Net change in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI ...............  
5.0 
(3.3) 
44.1 
15.0 
(30.2) 
Reclassified to statement of income on sale of debt securities 
at FVOCI ..................................................................................  
(7.7) 
(0.6) 
5.5 
(4.5) 
25.5 
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the 
period/year ..............................................................................  
(45.3) 
(38.4) 
60.2 
217.4 
13.3 
Total comprehensive income for the period/year .................  
75.4 
49.6 
285.5 
366.3 
112.9 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS DATA 
The table below shows a summary of APICORP's consolidated statement of cash flows data for the six months ended 30 
June 2024 and 2023 and for the year ended 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023(1) 
2023 
2022(2) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Net cash (used in)/from operating activities .............................  
(731.6) 
(265.6) 
550.3 
787.2 
(655.2) 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities ..............................  
(207.8) 
(127.3) 
(402.4) 
(654.8) 
564.5 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities .............................  
941.5 
571.2 
42.1 
(162.0) 
(45.8) 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ....................................  
211.6 
21.6 
21.6 
51.1 
187.6 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period/year .......................  
213.7 
199.8 
211.6 
21.6 
51.1 
(1) 
The financial information for the six months period ended 30 June 2023 has been re-presented in line with the presentation in the Interim Financial Information.  
(2) 
The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 109 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 94 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS (APMs) 
The table below shows certain financial ratios for APICORP as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and as at and 
for the year ended 31 December for each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. Each of these ratios is an APM, see "Presentation of 
Group financial information—Certain non-IFRS financial information". 
 
As at and 
for the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(6) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Return on assets(1) .................................................................................................. 
1.15 
2.28 
1.68 
1.25 
Return on equity(2) ................................................................................................. 
3.72 
7.11 
5.10 
3.90 
Return on paid up capital(3) .................................................................................... 
8.05 
15.02 
9.92 
6.64 
Total capital adequacy ratio(4) ................................................................................ 
28.30 
27.36 
30.72 
32.48 
Tier 1 capital ratio(4) .............................................................................................. 
27.26 
28.18 
29.67 
31.57 
Total shareholders' funds/total assets(5) .................................................................. 
30.95 
32.07 
32.99 
31.94 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Profit for the period/year divided by total assets at the end of the period/year. 
(2) 
Profit for the period/year divided by total equity at the end of the period/year. 
(3) 
Profit for the period/year divided by share capital at the end of the period/year. 
(4) 
Calculated in accordance with Basel II requirements.  
(5) 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the corporation divided by total assets. 
(6) 
The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 110 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 95 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS OF APICORP 
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in "Presentation of Group 
financial information", "Capitalisation", "Selected financial information" and the Interim Financial Information and 
Audited Financial Statements. 
The discussion of the Group's financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Interim Financial Information 
and Audited Financial Statements which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. This discussion contains forward-
looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Group's actual results could differ materially from those 
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, particularly under the headings "Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking 
statements" and "Risk factors". 
See "Presentation of Group financial information" for a discussion of the source of the numbers presented in this section. 
OVERVIEW 
APICORP is a multilateral financial institution focused on the energy industry. Its purposes, as set out in the Establishing 
Agreement, are: 
• 
participating in financing energy projects and industries, and in fields of activity which are derived from, ancillary 
to, associated with or complementary to petroleum projects and industries; and 
• 
giving priority to Arab joint ventures which benefit the OAPEC Member States and enhance their ability to utilise 
their petroleum resources and to invest their savings to strengthen their economic and financial potential. 
APICORP seeks to achieve its purpose by supporting relevant projects through participating in syndicated loans or making 
direct loans, giving guarantees and/or through equity investments. It also participates in trade financing activities, provides 
project-related financial advisory services and publishes research insights relating to strategic and relevant issues in the 
MENA region energy industry. 
The Group's principal assets are its loans and advances which principally generate interest income, its direct and indirect 
equity investments which principally generate dividend income and its treasury investment portfolio which generates 
interest income and is intended to provide earnings which are not correlated to the Group's two other more cyclical business 
lines of lending to, and making equity investments in, projects in the oil and gas and energy industries. 
For the six-month period ended 30 June 2024, the Group had net interest income of U.S.$115.1 million and U.S.$22.5 
million in dividend income. The Group's profit for this period was U.S.$120.7 million. 
PRINCIPAL FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, the Group's results of 
operations. 
Changes in international oil prices 
Reflecting APICORP's mandate, the majority of the Group's direct and syndicated lending is to borrowers in the oil and 
gas and energy industries (including downstream/petrochemicals, utilities and maritime transport of related products). In 
addition, a significant proportion of the Group's direct and indirect equity investments are in the oil and gas and energy 
sectors (including downstream/petrochemicals and utilities) and the Group also owns debt securities issued by entities in 
the oil and gas sector. 
The oil and gas industry has been, and is expected to continue to be, cyclical with levels of investment and profitability in 
that sector being materially dependent on prevailing international oil and gas prices, which have fluctuated significantly 
over the past two decades, and are likely to remain volatile in the future. According to data produced by OPEC, the average 
annual OPEC reference basket prices in 2023, 2022 and 2021 were U.S.$82.95 per barrel, U.S.$100.08 per barrel and 
U.S.$69.89 per barrel, respectively. In June 2024, the average price of the OPEC basket was U.S.$83.22 per barrel. 
In the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group experienced: 
• 
an increase in its net interest income compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023, see "– Factors affecting net 
interest income" below; 
• 
a reduction in its dividend income compared to the sixth months ended 30 June 2023, see "– Factors affecting 
dividend income" below;

--- Page 111 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 96 - 
 
 
• 
an increase in demand for syndicated and direct lending, illustrated by a 10.4 per cent. increase in loans and 
advances, net outstanding as at 30 June 2024 compared to 31 December 2023; 
• 
lower impairment losses on financial instruments compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023, see "– Results 
of operations – Impairment, net" below; and 
• 
changes in fair value of its financial assets at FVTPL and gains and losses on disposal of its financial assets at 
FVOCI, which impacted its consolidated statement of income, and changes in the fair value of its equity and debt 
securities at FVOCI, which impacted its consolidated statement of comprehensive income, as further described 
under "–Results of operations" below. 
In 2023, average oil prices were lower than in 2022 although the loan portfolio remained resilient due to low correlation 
between the Group's interest income and oil prices as a result of diversification in the oil sector through loans to refineries 
and trading companies as well as loans to other industries such as utilities and renewables. 
In 2022, oil and gas prices increased significantly, principally reflecting concerns related to the Russia - Ukraine conflict. 
Although upstream oil and gas exporters benefit from high prices, downstream industries (for example, the refining, 
petrochemicals and utilities sectors to which the Group is exposed) typically continue operating under tightening margins 
due to rising feedstock and raw material prices. 
Factors affecting net interest income 
The Group's net interest income represents the difference between its interest income and its interest expense. The Group 
derives interest income principally from its loans and advances made, its treasury investment portfolio, its placements with 
banks and the amortisation of loan participation and up-front fees. The Group incurs interest expense principally on its 
bank financing, its sukuk and bonds issued, the deposits it takes from banks, corporates and shareholders and its securities 
sold under agreement to repurchase. During the three years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, and the six months 
ended 30 June 2024, the Group's interest-bearing assets have been increasing. The Group's interest-bearing liabilities have 
also increased during the three years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, but has stabilised as at 30 June 2024. 
The Group's interest income is principally affected by the volume of its interest earning assets and the rates of interest that 
it charges on those assets whilst its interest expense is principally affected by the volume of its interest bearing liabilities 
and the rates of interest that it is charged on those liabilities. 
Three-month SOFR rates varied from 4.7 per cent. to 5.4 per cent. during 2023, with an average rate of 5.2 per cent. As a 
result of the global increase in interest rates, the Group's weighted average effective interest rates for both its interest-
bearing financial assets and its interest-bearing financial liabilities generally increased (significantly in the case of the 
Group's principal asset category) in 2023 compared to 2022 as illustrated in the table below. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Interest-bearing financial assets 
 
 
 
 
Fixed rate debt securities .................................................................................... 
4.65 
3.12 
3.18 
2.99 
Floating rate debt securities ................................................................................ 
6.67 
6.56 
5.91 
1.59 
Placements with banks ....................................................................................... 
5.76 
5.21 
3.19 
1.29 
Loans and advances ............................................................................................ 
7.44 
7.54 
3.68 
2.27 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Term financing ................................................................................................... 
6.02 
6.06 
4.05 
— 
Sukuk and bonds issued ...................................................................................... 
2.87 
2.61 
2.54 
1.93 
Deposits from banks ........................................................................................... 
5.53 
5.77 
4.17 
0.35 
Deposits from corporates .................................................................................... 
5.97 
5.79 
4.48 
0.12 
Deposits from Shareholders ................................................................................ 
6.09 
6.11 
5.14 
0.72 
Securities sold under repurchase agreements ...................................................... 
6.04 
6.16 
4.72 
— 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
For an analysis of the factors driving the changes in the Group's net interest income, see "—Results of operations—Net 
interest income" below.

--- Page 112 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 97 - 
 
 
Factors affecting dividend income 
The Group derives dividend income from its direct and indirect equity investments at FVOCI. For the six months ended 
30 June 2024, the Group's dividend income amounted to U.S.$22.5 million compared to U.S.$33.4 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2023. For the year ended 2023, the Group's dividend income amounted to U.S.$85.0 million 
compared to U.S.$110.9 million in 2022 and U.S.$98.2 million in 2021. 
For an analysis of the factors driving the changes in the Group's dividend income, see "—Results of operations—Net other 
income—Dividend income" below. 
Change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL 
The Group's financial assets at FVTPL are described under "Description of the Group—Business—Investments & 
Partnerships". These assets are measured at fair value on each reporting date with any change in fair value being recorded 
in the income statement under this line item. Almost all of these assets are classified as level 3, which means that their fair 
values are not determined by reference to quoted prices or other observable inputs. The fair value of these investments has 
fluctuated in the periods under review, see "—Results of operations— Net other income—Change in fair value of financial 
assets at FVTPL" below. 
Impairment losses on financial instruments, net 
The Group's impairment losses on financial instruments, net have also fluctuated in the periods under review. In 2023, the 
Group's impairment losses on financial instruments, net were U.S.$10.6 million compared to U.S.$42.0 million in 2022, 
see "—Results of operations— Impairment losses on financial instruments, net" below. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The Audited Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Interim Financial Information have 
been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. For a 
discussion of the accounting policies applied by the Group generally, see notes 3A to O in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY 
In preparing the Group's financial statements, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments and 
assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Group's assets and liabilities, including disclosure of contingent 
assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of the Group's revenue and 
expenses during the periods presented. Management bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience and other 
factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and assumptions are made and evaluates the estimates and 
assumptions on an ongoing basis. However, future events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty and the 
determination of appropriate estimates and assumptions requires the use of judgment. Actual outcomes may differ from 
any estimates or assumptions made and such differences may be material to the Group's financial statements. 
The Group's most significant accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions made in the preparation of the Group's 
financial statements are identified in note 3N to the 2023 Financial Statements. This note identifies three critical judgments 
involved in the application of the Group's accounting policies and three key assumptions and estimates that have a 
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the Group's assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year. In addition to the critical judgments and key assumptions and estimates stated in the Base Prospectus, note 
3N to the 2023 Financial Statements, also identifies the following key assumptions and estimates: 
Climate and sustainability related developments 
Changes in legislation or APICORP's commitment to its green financing framework could affect the assessment and 
subsequent measurement of the majority of APICORP's assets. Climate policies and energy transformation are also offering 
business opportunities. Therefore, APICORP has currently assessed that there are no adjustments required for the 
impairment test and no impairment was recognised. See notes 13 and 28 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
In addition, for further information relating to: 
• 
Classification of financial assets – see note 3I(ii) to the 2023 Financial Statements; 
• 
Significant increase of credit risk - see notes 3I(vii) and 28(a) to the 2023 Financial Statements; 
• 
Impairment of financial instruments – see note 28(a) to the 2023 Financial Statements; and 
• 
Measurement of fair value of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (level 3) – see notes 3I(v) 
and 30(b) to the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 113 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 98 - 
 
 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
Net interest income 
The Group's net interest income for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was U.S.$115.1 million compared to U.S.$93.3 
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. This increase of U.S.$21.8 million, or 23.4 per cent., principally due to 
increased interest income of U.S.$67.7 million during the same period, partly offset by increased interest expenses of 
U.S.$46.0 million which were primarily attributable to rising interest rates during the period ending June 30, 2024, 
compared to the same period in 2023. 
The Group's net interest income was U.S.$185.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to U.S.$134.3 
million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and U.S.$71.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase 
of U.S.$51.1 million, or 38.1 per cent., in 2023 compared to 2022 and the increase of U.S.$63.0 million, or 88.4 per cent., 
in 2022 compared to 2021 each reflected the changes in interest income and interest expense described below. 
The tables below show the Group's interest income and its interest expense for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 
2023 and each of the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Interest income 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalent .................................................................................... 
2.2  
0.7  
2.0  
0.8  
Placements with banks(1) ..................................................................................... 
23.8  
7.4  
39.3  
15.6  
Debt securities at FVOCI ................................................................................... 
84.1  
26.3  
45.2  
17.9  
Loans and advances (net)(1) ................................................................................. 
210.1  
65.6  
166.0  
65.7  
Total interest income ........................................................................................ 
320.2 
100.0 
252.5 
100.0 
Interest expense 
 
 
 
 
Deposits(1) (2) ....................................................................................................... 
(38.8) 
18.9  
(19.1) 
12.0  
Securities sold under agreement to repurchase ................................................... 
(15.3) 
7.5  
(0.2) 
0.1  
Term financing ................................................................................................... 
(28.9) 
14.1  
(17.6) 
11.1  
Sukuk and bonds issued ...................................................................................... 
(121.4) 
59.2  
(122.2) 
76.8  
Lease liability ..................................................................................................... 
(0.7) 
0.3  
 -  
 -  
Total interest expense ....................................................................................... 
(205.1) 
100.0 
(159.1) 
100.0 
Net interest income ........................................................................................... 
115.1 
 
93.3 
 
 
 
Note 
(1) 
Aggregates Islamic and conventional income and expense sources. 
(2) 
Comprises deposits from banks, corporates and shareholders. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Interest income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalent .............................. 
4.7 
0.9 
1.8 
0.7 
0.0 
0.0 
Placements with banks(1) ............................... 
64.6 
12.3 
27.8 
10.6 
3.1 
2.1 
Debt securities at FVOCI (net) ..................... 
103.8 
19.8 
34.3 
13.1 
20.2 
13.9 
Loans and advances (net)(1)  .......................... 
350.7 
67.0 
198.2 
75.6 
122.3 
84.0 
Total interest income .................................. 
523.8 
100.0 
262.1 
100.0 
145.6 
100.0 
Interest expense 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits(1) (2) ................................................. 
(42.1) 
12.4 
(14.3) 
11.2 
(1.4) 
1.9 
Securities sold under agreement to 
repurchase .................................................... 
(4.6) 
1.4 
(1.4) 
1.1 
(0.7) 
0.9 
Term financing ............................................. 
(42.1) 
12.4 
(1.1) 
0.9 
(7.0) 
9.4 
Sukuk and bonds issued ................................ 
(249.0) 
73.6 
(110.9) 
86.8 
(65.1) 
87.8 
Lease liability ............................................... 
(0.7) 
0.2 
(0.1) 
0.1 
— 
— 
Total interest expense ................................. 
(338.4) 
100.0 
(127.8) 
100.0 
(74.2) 
100.0 
Net interest income ..................................... 
185.4 
 
134.3 
 
71.4 
 
 
 
Note 
(1) 
Aggregates Islamic and conventional income and expense sources. 
(2) 
Comprises deposits from banks, corporates and shareholders. 
 
The Group's total interest income was U.S.$320.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to U.S.$252.5 
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. This increase of U.S.$67.7 million, or 26.8 per cent., principally reflected 
a U.S.$44.1 million increase in interest income from loans and advances for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared 
to the six months ended 30 June 2023, as well as a U.S.$38.96 million increase in income from debt securities at FVOCI 
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023.

--- Page 114 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 99 - 
 
 
The Group's total interest income was U.S.$523.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to U.S.$262.1 
million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and U.S.$145.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
The increase of U.S.$261.7 million, or 99.8 per cent., in 2023 compared to 2022 principally reflected (i) an increase of 
U.S.$152.5 million, or 77.0 per cent., in interest income from loans and advances and (ii) an increase of U.S.$69.5 million, 
or 202.8 per cent., in debt securities at FVOCI, net, each of which resulted mainly from rising benchmark rates. See 
"Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of APICORP –Principal factors 
affecting results of operations – Factors affecting net interest income". 
In addition: 
• 
interest income from placements with banks increased by U.S.$36.7 million, or 132.0 per cent., in 2023 compared 
to 2022, which was mainly driven by higher interest rates; and 
• 
interest income from debt securities at FVOCI (net) increased by U.S.$69.5 million, or 202.6 per cent., in 2023 
compared to 2022, also primarily driven by higher interest rates. 
The increase of U.S.$14.1 million, or 69.8 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected a decrease of U.S.$27.5 
million, or 57.6 per cent., in interest income from debt securities at FVOCI, net (which principally reflected a decline in 
the portfolio and to a lesser extent changes in interest rates) and a decrease of U.S.$17.8 million, or 15.1 per cent., in 
interest income from loans and advances (which resulted mainly from lower interest rates). In addition, interest income 
from placements with banks decreased by U.S.$7.5 million, or 70.9 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020, principally as a 
result of volume changes during 2021 compared to 2020. 
The Group's total interest expense was U.S.$127.8 million in 2022 compared to U.S.$74.2 million in 2021 and U.S.$114.6 
million in 2020. 
The increase of U.S.$53.6 million, or 72.2 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected an increase of 
U.S.$45.8 million, or 70.4 per cent., in interest expense on sukuk and bonds issued, which principally reflected higher 
benchmark rates and inflation. 
The decrease of U.S.$40.4 million, or 35.3 per cent., in 2021 compared to 2020 principally reflected decreases of: 
• 
U.S.$16.7 million, or 70.5 per cent., in interest expense on bank term financing, which principally reflected the 
repayment of the Group's outstanding bank term financing in 2021; 
• 
U.S.$12.8 million, or 17.9 per cent., in interest expense on sukuk and bonds issued, which principally reflected 
new issuance at lower interest rates than the debt refinanced during 2021; and 
• 
U.S.$9.5 million, or 82.4 per cent., in interest expense on deposits and securities sold under agreements to 
repurchase, which principally reflected lower interest rates in 2021 and a lower volume of securities sold under 
agreements to repurchase in 2021 compared to 2020.  
Dividend income 
The Group's dividend income was U.S.$22.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to U.S.$33.4 million 
for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The decrease of U.S.$10.9 million, or 32.6 per cent., principally reflecting the 
second quarter dividend from Ibn Zahr being deferred to the third quarter in 2024.  
The Group's dividend income was U.S.$85.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to U.S.$110.9 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2022. The decrease of U.S.$25.9 million, or 23.3 per cent., in 2023 compared to 2022 
principally reflected lower dividends from the Group's Ibn Zahr and Yansab direct equity investments in the chemicals 
sector. 
The Group's dividend income was U.S.$110.9 million in 2022 compared to U.S.$98.2 million in 2021. The increase of 
U.S.$12.7 million, or 12.9 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021, principally reflected higher dividends from the Group's 
Ibn Zahr and Emethanex direct equity investments in the chemicals and methanol sectors, respectively.  
Other income/expense items 
The Group's other income/expense items (which are listed in the tables below) together accounted for U.S.$17.6 million 
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to U.S.$2.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.  
The Group's other income/expense items together accounted for U.S.$35.2 million of net income in 2023 compared to 
U.S.$22.6 million of net income in 2022 and U.S.$18.3 million of net loss in 2021.

--- Page 115 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 100 - 
 
 
The tables below show the breakdown of the Group's other income/expense items for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
and 2023 and for the year ended 31 December for each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ million) 
(per cent.) 
Net change in fair value of investments designated at 
FVTPL ......................................................... 
10.5 
59.7 
(1.4) 
(48.3) 
Net gain on disposal of debt securities held at FVOCI  
7.7 
43.7 
0.6 
20.7 
Share of profit from equity accounted investees, net 
 
5.2 
29.5 
1.5 
51.7 
Fee income ................................................... 
2.2 
12.5 
2.5 
86.2 
Other loss, net  
(8.0) 
(45.4) 
(0.3) 
(10.3) 
Total ............................................................ 
17.6 
100.0 
2.9 
100.0 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
 
(per cent) 
(U.S.$  
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Net change in fair value of investments  
designated at FVTPL ............................................. 
 
23.3 
 
66.2 
4.3 
19.1 
14.2 
77.6 
Net (loss)/gain on disposal of 
debt securities held at FVOCI ................................ 
 
(5.5) 
 
(15.5) 
4.5 
19.9 
(25.5) 
(139.3) 
Share of profit from equity accounted 
investees, net ......................................................... 
 
6.5 
 
18.5 
5.1 
22.8 
5.3 
29.0 
Fee income ............................................................ 
5.8 
16.3 
6.1 
26.8 
5.2 
28.4 
Other income/(loss), net  
5.1 
14.5 
2.6 
11.3 
(17.6) 
(96.2) 
Total ..................................................................... 
35.2 
100.0 
22.6 
100.0 
(18.3) 
100.0 
 
 
. 
Change in fair value of investments designated at FVTPL 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value gain of U.S.$10.5 million, which 
principally reflected increased market valuation attributable to the U.S.$220.5 million, or 308.8 per cent., increase of the 
Group's listed equities balance for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to the six months ended 30 June 2023.  
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value gain of U.S.$23.3 million on financial 
assets at FVTPL, which principally reflected a U.S.$18.9 million fair value gain related to its managed account investment 
vehicle and a U.S.$4.4 million fair value gain on a loan designated at FVTPL. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value gain of U.S.$4.3 million on financial 
assets at FVTPL, which principally reflected a U.S.$9.4 million fair value gain related to its managed account investment 
vehicle and was offset by a U.S.$5.1 million fair value loss on a loan designated at FVTPL. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded an unrealised fair value gain of U.S.$14.2 million on its FVTPL 
investments.  
(Gain)/loss on sale of investments 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recognised a U.S.$7.7 million gain on the disposal of financial assets at 
FVOCI, principally fixed-rate bonds. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised a U.S.$5.5 million loss on the disposal of financial assets at 
FVOCI, principally fixed-rate bonds.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised a U.S.$4.5 million gain on the disposal of financial assets at 
FVOCI, principally fixed-rate bonds.  
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recognised a U.S.$25.5 million loss on sale of investments, principally 
fixed-rate bonds.  
Share of profit from equity accounted investees 
The Group's share of profit from its equity accounted investees was U.S.$5.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 
2024 compared to U.S.$1.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. This increase of U.S.$3.7 million, or 246.7%, 
is principally attributable to increased profit from Al Khoravef of U.S.$2.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 
compared to U.S.$1.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, as well as increased profit from Inta Taf Holding of 
U.S.$2.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to nil for the six months ended 30 June 2023.

--- Page 116 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 101 - 
 
 
The Group's share of profit from its equity accounted investees was U.S.$6.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 
compared to U.S.$5.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and U.S.$5.3 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021. The Group's share of profit from its equity accounted investees for the year ended 31 December 2023 increased by 
U.S.$1.4 million, or 27.4 per cent., from the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase in the Group's net share of the 
profit or loss from its equity accounted investees in 2023 was principally due to a higher share of profit from Al Khorayef 
and Intra Taf Holding compared to 2022. 
As at 31 December in each of 2023 and 2022, the Group had four associates, Falcon Cement, Al Khorayef, GC-16 JV and 
Intra Taf Holding. During 2023, the Group liquidated its investment in GC-16 JV which was under liquidation as at 31 
December 2023. In each of 2023 and 2022, impairment losses of U.S.$6.7 million and U.S.$7.3 million, respectively, were 
recorded against the Group's investment in Falcon Cement.  
The Group's share of the results of Falcon Cement amounted to a profit of U.S.$0.6 million in 2022 compared to a loss of 
U.S.$0.8 million in 2021. The Group's share of the results of Ashtead Technology was a gain of U.S.$1.6 million in 2022 
compared to a gain of U.S.$0.6 million in 2021. The Group's share of the results of its other equity accounted investees, Al 
Khorayef, GC-16 JV and Intra Taf Holding, in aggregate was a gain of U.S.$2.9 million in 2022 compared to a gain of 
U.S.$5.4 million in 2021. 
Fee income 
The Group's fee income (which is derived from agency, advisory and other services) was U.S.$2.2 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2024 compared to U.S.$2.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The decrease of U.S.$0.3 
million, or 12.0 per cent., principally reflected bank charges and other charges during the period.  
The Group's fee income (which is derived from agency, advisory and other services) was U.S.$5.8 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 compared to U.S.$6.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The decrease of U.S.$0.3 
million, or 5.0 per cent., in 2023 compared to 2022 principally reflected lower letters of credit issued during 2023. 
The Group's fee income (which is derived from agency, advisory and other services) was U.S.$6.1 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 compared to U.S.$5.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase of U.S.$0.9 
million, or 17.3 per cent., in 2022 compared to 2021 principally reflected an increase in loan commitments in 2022 
compared to 2021. 
Other income/(loss), net 
The Group's other loss, net of U.S.$8.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 compared to U.S.$0.3 million for 
the six months ended 30 June 2023. This increase of U.S.$7.7 million, or 2,566.7 per cent. is primarily attributable to 
management fee charges from externally managed funds during the period. 
The Group's other income, net was U.S.$5.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared to U.S.$2.6 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase of U.S.$2.5 million, or 96.2 per cent., principally reflected: 
• 
no gain on sale of equity accounted investees in 2023 compared to a U.S.$4.3 million gain in 2022; 
• 
a positive change of U.S.$1.7 million in loss from hedge ineffectiveness in 2023 compared to 2022; 
• 
U.S.$1.3 million higher FX gains in 2023 compared to 2022; and 
• 
U.S.$1.2 million lower other miscellaneous sources of other income in 2023 compared to 2022. 
This increase was partly offset by: 
• 
no income or loss from vessels in 2023 compared to a U.S.$3.1 million loss in 2022; and 
• 
a reclassification change that resulted in no external fund management fees being recorded under other income, 
net in 2023 compared to U.S.$2.1 million external fund management fees in 2022. 
The Group's other income, net was a positive U.S.$2.6 million for the year ended 21 December 2022 compared to a negative 
U.S.$17.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The positive change of U.S.$20.2 million in 2022 compared to 
2021 principally reflected: 
• 
a U.S.$0.4 million loss on the sale of vessels in 2022 compared to a U.S.$11.8 million loss on the sale of vessels 
in 2021; and 
• 
a U.S.$0.9 million loss from hedge ineffectiveness in 2022 compared to a U.S.$9.5 million loss from hedge 
ineffectiveness in 2021.

--- Page 117 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 102 - 
 
 
Operating expenses 
The tables below shows the breakdown of the Group's operating expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 
and the years ended 31 December for each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Employee related costs(1) .................................................................................... 
14.6  
60.3  
13.7  
59.8  
Premises costs, including depreciation ............................................................... 
4.6  
19.1  
4.8  
21.0  
Equipment and communications costs ................................................................ 
1.8  
7.4  
2.1  
9.2  
Key management and Board benefits, fees and charges ..................................... 
1.8  
7.4  
1.7  
7.4  
Consultancy and legal fees ................................................................................. 
1.4  
5.8  
0.4  
1.7  
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) ................................................................ 
-    
-    
0.2  
0.9  
Total .................................................................................................................. 
24.2 
100.0 
22.9 
100.0 
 
 
Note 
(1) 
Comprises staff cost and end of services benefits. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Employee related costs(1) .............................. 
32.3 
51.3 
32.9 
54.2 
28.5 
53.2 
Premises costs, including depreciation ......... 
10.2 
16.2 
14.2 
23.4 
12.7 
23.7 
External fund management fees .................... 
3.3 
5.2 
 
 
 
 
Equipment and communications costs .......... 
5.5 
8.7 
4.2 
7.0 
2.8 
5.3 
Key management and Board benefits, fees 
and charges ................................................... 
5.6 
8.9 
3.3 
5.5 
2.7 
5.0 
Consultancy and legal fees ........................... 
3.8 
6.0 
4.0 
6.5 
1.0 
1.9 
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) .......... 
2.4 
3.8 
2.1 
3.4 
4.3 
8.1 
Others ........................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1.5 
2.8 
Total ............................................................ 
63.0 
100.0 
60.6 
100.0 
53.6 
100.0 
 
 
Note 
(1) 
Comprises staff cost and end of services benefits. 
The Group's operating expenses were U.S.$24.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and U.S.$22.9 million for 
the six months ended 30 June 2023. This increase of U.S.$1.3 million, or 5.7 per cent., was primarily attributable to 
employee related costs due to an increased number of employees and consultancy and legal fees during the period.  
The Group's operating expenses were U.S.$63.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 and U.S.$60.6 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase of U.S.$2.4 million, or 4.0 per cent., principally reflected an expense of 
U.S.$3.3 million in external fund management fees compared to nil recorded in 2022, an increase of U.S.$2.2 million in 
key management and board benefits, fees and charges compared as well as an increase of U.S.$1.2 million in equipment 
and communications costs all which were partially off-set by a U.S.$4.0 million decrease in premises costs due to lower 
depreciation following the relocation of APICORP's head office to Riyadh. The Group's operating expenses were U.S.$60.6 
million for the year ended 31 December 2022, reflecting a U.S.$7.0 million, or 13.1 per cent., increase compared to 
U.S.$53.6 for the year ended 31 December 2021. This principally reflected an increase of U.S.$4.4 million, or 15.3 per 
cent., in employee-related costs, which principally related to an increase in employee bonuses. In addition, consultancy 
and legal fees increased by U.S.$3.0 million, or 299.0 per cent., attributable to a new consultancy agreement for a review 
of the Group's strategy and activities, as well as an increase in internal audit fees in 2022 compared to 2021.

--- Page 118 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 103 - 
 
 
Impairment (loss)/reversal on financial instruments, net 
The table below shows the composition of the Group's impairment (loss)/reversal on financial instruments, net in each of 
2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Charge for the year 
 
 
 
Placements with banks ..................................................................................................................  
— 
— 
(0.1) 
Loans and advances .......................................................................................................................  
— 
(33.5) 
(1.8) 
Debt securities at FVOCI ..............................................................................................................  
(12.6) 
(1.8) 
— 
Loan commitments and guarantees ................................................................................................  
(4.2) 
(6.8) 
— 
 
(16.8) 
(42.1) 
(1.8) 
Reversal for the year 
 
 
 
Placements with banks ..................................................................................................................  
0.0 
0.1 
— 
Loans and Advances ......................................................................................................................  
6.2 
— 
 
Debt securities at FVOCI ..............................................................................................................  
— 
— 
0.4 
Loan commitments and guarantees ................................................................................................  
— 
— 
9.1 
 
6.2 
0.1 
9.5 
 
(10.6) 
(42.0) 
7.7 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group had a U.S.$10.4 million impairment loss on financial instruments. This 
primarily reflected impairment charges in respect of loans and advances and loan commitments and financial guarantees 
of U.S.$11.4 million and U.S.$1.1 million, respectively, for the period. These charges were partly offset by a reversal from 
debt securities at FVOCI of U.S.$2.1 million. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2023, the Group had a U.S.$12.0 million impairment loss on financial instruments. This 
primarily reflected impairment charges in respect of loans and advances and loan commitments and financial guarantees 
of U.S.$8.2 million and U.S.$4.5 million, respectively, for the period. These charges were partly offset by a reversal from 
debt securities at FVOCI of U.S.$0.7 million. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had a U.S.$10.6 million impairment loss on financial instruments. This 
primarily reflected a U.S.$6.2 million reversal of impairment charges in respect of loans and advances in 2023 compared 
to a U.S.$33.5 million impairment charge in 2022 and principally related to changes in geographic concentration during 
2023. This positive factor was partially offset by a U.S.$10.8 million increase in impairment loss on debt securities at 
FVOCI compared to 2022. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has a U.S.$42.0 million impairment loss on financial instruments. This 
was mainly from a U.S.$33.5 million impairment charge on loans and advances and a U.S.$ 6.8 million impairment charge 
on loan commitments and financial guarantees due to a deterioration in the global economic outlook for many of the 
countries to which APICORP had exposure.  
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had a U.S.$7.7 million reversal of impairment charges on financial 
instruments. This primarily was driven by a U.S.$9.1 million reversal of impairment charges in respect of loan 
commitments and financial guarantees due to specific loan repayments and low balance sheet growth during 2021. The 
Group recorded U.S.$1.8 million impairment charges on its loans and advances in 2021, principally reflecting improved 
ratings of exposure countries in its ECL for the year. 
Impairment losses on other assets, net 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group did not report any net impairment losses on other assets. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recorded a U.S.$6.7 million net impairment loss on other assets compared 
to a U.S.$16.2 million net impairment loss on other assets in 2022. The loss in the 2023 period related to the revaluation 
of Falcon Cement Company's market value to nil.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded a U.S.$7.3 million impairment loss on its equity accounted 
investees which related to the revaluation of Falcon Cement Company's market value, a U.S.$6.0 million impairment loss 
on property, equipment and vessels which related to the sale of its remaining two vessels at loss and a U.S.$3.0 million 
provision on prepayments which related to advances to contractors for the construction of a roundabout in Al Khobar, 
Saudi Arabia. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded a U.S.$3.5 million impairment charge on its vessels reflecting 
its assessment of the market value of its remaining vessels after the sale of three vessels at a loss and a U.S.$2.2 million 
impairment charge on Falcon Cement, an equity accounted investee, reflecting its revised assessment of the market value 
of Falcon Cement.

--- Page 119 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 104 - 
 
 
Profit for the period 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group recorded profit for the six months ended 30 June 2024 of U.S.$120.7 million 
compared to U.S.$88.1 million in the six months ended 30 June 2023, an increase of U.S.$32.6 million, or 37.0 per cent. 
The Group also recorded profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 of U.S.$225.3 million compared to U.S.$148.9 
million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and U.S.$99.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 
U.S.$76.5 million, or 51.4 per cent., in 2023 compared to 2022 and U.S.$49.3 million, or 49.3 per cent., in 2022 compared 
to 2021.  
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
The Group's other comprehensive loss for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was U.S.$45.4 million compared to U.S.$38.4 
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
In the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recognised other comprehensive loss of U.S.$42.6 million on fair value 
changes in its equity securities at FVOCI. In addition, the Group recognised comprehensive income of U.S.$4.9 million on 
fair value changes in its debt securities at FVOCI and a U.S.$7.7 million comprehensive loss on the sale of debt securities 
at FVOCI reclassified to profit and loss. 
The Group's other comprehensive income for the year was U.S.$60.2 million in 2023 compared to U.S.$217.4 million in 
2022, a decrease of U.S.$157.2 million, or 72.3 per cent. This decrease principally reflected a U.S.$195.1 million negative 
net change in the fair value of the Group's equity securities at FVOCI in 2023 compared to 2022, which was partially offset 
by a U.S.$29.1 million positive net change in the fair value of debt securities at FVOCI in 2023 compared to 2022 and 
income of U.S.$5.5 million reclassified to statement of income on sale of debt securities at FVOCI in 2023 compared to 
loss of U.S.$4.5 million reclassified in 2022.  
The Group's other comprehensive income for the year was U.S.$217.4 million in 2022 compared to U.S.$13.3 million in 
2021, an increase of U.S.$204.1 million, or 1,534.6 per cent. This increase principally reflected changes in fair value of the 
Group's equity and debt investments at FVOCI and fair value gains and losses reclassified to profit and loss on the sale of 
FVOCI debt securities. 
Total comprehensive income 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's total comprehensive income was U.S.$75.4 million compared to 
U.S.$49.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.  
Reflecting the Group's profit for the year and its other comprehensive loss or income in each year, the Group's total 
comprehensive income was U.S.$285.6 million in 2023 compared to U.S.$366.3 million in 2022 and U.S.$112.9 million 
in 2021. 
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING 
Overview 
The Group principally uses cash to advance loans and make direct and indirect equity investments and treasury investments. 
The Group also uses cash to pay interest on and repay its financing and to pay dividends to its shareholders. The Group's 
principal source of cash is its cash flow from operating activities, although it also raises funding through bank term loans 
and the issue of sukuk and bonds, accepts deposits from banks, corporates and shareholders and generates cash through the 
sale of investments. In addition, although the Group does not benefit from shareholder guarantees, APICORP has U.S.$8.5 
billion in callable capital, which is a joint and several obligation of each shareholder to provide additional capital if required 
in certain cases and subject to the approval of its shareholders. See "Risk factors—Factors that may affect APICORP's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme—APICORP is a multilateral financial institution 
without guarantee-related support from its shareholders".

--- Page 120 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 105 - 
 
 
Cash flow 
The table below summarises the Group's cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities 
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 and for the year ended 31 December of each 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
For the six months ended 
30 June 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023(1) 
2023 
2022(2) 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Net cash (used in)/from operating activities. ........................... 
(731.6) 
(265.6) 
550.3 
787.2 
(655.2) 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities  ............................ 
(207.8) 
(127.3) 
(402.4) 
(654.8) 
564.5 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities ............................ 
941.5 
571.2 
42.1 
(162.0) 
(45.8) 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ................................... 
211.6 
21.6 
21.6 
51.1 
187.6 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period/year ...................... 
213.7 
199.8 
211.6 
21.6 
51.1 
(1) The financial information for the six months period ended 30 June 2023 has been re-presented in line with the presentation in the Interim Financial Information. 
(2) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Cash flow from operating activities 
The Group's net cash used in operating activities in the six months ended 30 June 2024 was U.S.$731.6 million compared 
to U.S.$265.6 million of net cash used in operating activities in the six months ended 30 June 2023. This increase was 
primarily attributable to the drawdown from loans and advances and repayment of deposits during the period. This increase 
was partly offset by the maturity of placements during the period.  
The Group's net cash generated from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was U.S.$550.3 million 
compared to U.S.$787.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Group's cash flow in each year before changes 
in operating assets and liabilities principally reflects its net income for the year adjusted to deduct non-cash net interest 
income, dividend income and impairment charges. 
The variation in the Group's operating cash flow between the years principally reflect changes in interest receivable, in 
loans and advances, net, in placements with banks, in investments held at FVTPL, in finance charges paid and in proceeds 
from deposits. In particular: 
• 
in 2023, the Group's inflows from (i) proceeds from deposits of U.S.$668.8 million, (ii) interest received of 
U.S.$512.8 million and (iii) placements with banks of U.S.$273.7 million aggregated U.S.$1,455.3 million and 
exceeded its outflows from loans and advances, net of U.S.$405.7 million, finance charges paid of U.S.$313.6 
million and investments held at FVTPL of U.S.$260.5 million, which together aggregated U.S.$979.8 million; 
and 
• 
in 2022, the Group's inflows from (i) proceeds from deposits of U.S.$740.6 million, (ii) loans and advances, net 
of U.S.$382.0 million and (iii) interest received of U.S.$232.3 million and exceeded its outflows from placements 
with banks of U.S.$487.8 million and from finance charges paid of U.S.$98.8 million. 
The Group's net cash from operating activities was U.S.$787.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to 
net cash used in operating activities of U.S.$655.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Group's cash flow 
in each year before changes in operating assets and liabilities principally reflects its profit for the year adjusted to deduct 
non-cash net interest income and dividend income and to add or deduct the change in fair value of FVTPL investments, 
the loss or gain on sale of investments and its impairment charge or reversal. 
Cash flow from investing activities 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's net cash used in investing activities was U.S.$207.8 million compared 
to net cash used in investing activities of U.S.$127.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's principal investment flow was a net outflow of U.S.$206.5 million 
from purchases during the period. 
The Group's net cash used in investing activities was U.S.$402.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 compared 
to net cash used in investing activities of U.S.$654.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and net cash from 
investing activities of U.S.$564.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the principal investment flow was a net outflow of U.S.$396.6 million from the 
purchase and sale or redemption of investments at FVOCI. In 2022, the principal investment flow was a net outflow of 
U.S.$671.7 million from the purchase and sale or redemption of investments at FVOCI.

--- Page 121 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 106 - 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the principal investing activity flows were a net inflow of U.S.$439.0 million from 
the sale and purchase of investments, an inflow of U.S.$97.4 million from dividends received and an inflow of U.S.$32.7 
million from vessels sold. 
Cash flow from financing activities 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's net cash generated from financing activities was U.S.$941.5 million 
compared to net cash generated in financing activities of U.S.$571.2 million in the six months ended 30 June 2023. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group's principal financing cash inflow was a net U.S$944.6 million in proceeds 
from the issuance of sukuk and bonds. 
The Group's net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was U.S.$42.1 million 
compared to net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2022 of U.S.$162.0 million and net cash 
used in financing activities of U.S.$45.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's principal financing cash inflow was U.S.$700.0 million proceeds from 
new term financing. This inflow was substantially offset principally by a net outflow of U.S.$632.3 million in repayment 
against sukuk and bonds net of proceeds of new sukuk and bonds issued. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the principal financing cash inflows were U.S.$250.0 million from new bank term 
financing. The principal financing cash outflows were a net U.S.$412.0 million in sukuk and bonds paid less proceeds from 
the issuance of sukuk and bonds. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the principal financing cash outflows were U.S.$1,175.0 million in the repayment 
of bank term financing, U.S.$141.2 million in the net repayment of deposits and U.S.$75.2 million in finance charges paid. 
The principal financing cash inflow was a net U.S.$1.350.9 million in proceeds from the issuance of sukuk and bonds. 
Liquidity 
The Group's liquidity comprises its debt securities at FVOCI, placements with banks and cash and bank balances. The table 
below shows the Group's liquidity as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Debt securities at FVOCI ........................................................................................ 
3,111.7 
2,933.4 
2,456.5 
1,867.4 
Placements with banks ............................................................................................ 
319.3 
507.9 
786.3 
292.5 
Cash and cash equivalents ....................................................................................... 
213.7 
211.6 
21.6 
51.1 
Total liquidity .......................................................................................................... 
3,644.7 
3,652.9 
3,264.4 
2,211 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
As at 30 June 2024, 34.5 per cent. of the gross amount of the Group's bank placements were with institutions that were 
rated AAA to AA-, 65.5 per cent. were with institutions that were rated A+ to A- and nil per cent. were with institutions 
that were rated BB+ to B-. The Group's treasury investment portfolio is described under "—Analysis of certain statement 
of financial position items—Treasury investment portfolio" below. 
Funding 
The Group actively manages a net funding requirement of between U.S.$5.3 billion to U.S.$5.6 billion a year. To this end, 
it maintains an active relationship with counterparties across the GCC, Europe, the United States, Asia and Africa, although 
it remains significantly reliant on the GCC for funding. 
The Group's funding strategy relies on a mixture of medium to longer-term borrowings and shorter-term deposits together 
with a small amount of funding raised from repo-transactions using securities in its investments portfolio. 
The table below shows the Group's sources of funding by amount and proportion of the total as at 30 June 2024 and 
31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021.

--- Page 122 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 107 - 
 
 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Term financing and sukuk and bonds issued ...........................................................  
5,583.7 
4,611.1 
4,460.1 
4,901.8 
Deposits ...................................................................................................................  
815.5 
1,270.4 
958.8 
349.0 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .......................................................  
501.6 
500.5 
135.3 
— 
Total funding .........................................................................................................  
6,900.8 
6,382.0 
5,554.2 
5,250.8 
 
(per cent.) 
Term financing and sukuk and bonds issued ...........................................................  
80.9 
72.3 
80.3 
93.4 
Deposits ...................................................................................................................  
11.8 
19.9 
17.3 
6.6 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase .......................................................  
7.3 
7.8 
2.4 
— 
Total funding .........................................................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
In the six months ended 30 June 2024, APICORP raised a total of U.S.$1,244.6 million from eight bond and private 
placement issuances and nil in bank term financing. In this period, APICORP paid U.S.$393.3 million in bonds and sukuk. 
In 2023, APICORP raised a total of U.S.$231.8 million from two bond issuances and U.S.$700.0 million in bank term 
financing. In 2023, APICORP paid U.S.$1,036.2 million in bonds and sukuk. 
In 2022, APICORP raised a total of U.S.$200 million from two bond issuances and U.S.$250 million in bank term 
financing. In 2022, APICORP paid U.S.$611.9 million in bonds and sukuk. 
In 2021, APICORP raised a total of U.S.$1,750 million from two bond issuances. In 2021, APICORP repaid U.S.$1,175 
million in bank term financing and U.S.$399.1 million equivalent of bonds. 
APICORP's bond issuances have helped to significantly extend the maturity profile of its funding and have also allowed it 
to reduce its reliance on wholesale deposits and eliminate previous short-term asset/liability mismatches.  
Term financing and sukuk and bonds issued 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had U.S.$957.5 million bank term loans outstanding. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group also had U.S.$4,626.3 million series of bonds outstanding. 
The table below provides details of each of the Group's outstanding series of bonds as at 30 June 2024. 
 
As at 
30 June 
2024 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
Sukuk and Bonds Issued 
 
*US $ 3 billion GMTN programme (partially drawn) 
Series 2:- US $ 1,000 million bonds 2021 – 2025. ................................................................................................................................  
961.9 
*US $ 3 billion GMTN programme (partially drawn) 
Series 3:- US $ 1 billion bonds 2021 – 2026 .........................................................................................................................................  
942.3 
**US $ 300 million floating rate bond 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn) ........................................................................................................  
- 
**US $ 325 million floating rate bond 2019 – 2024 (fully drawn) ........................................................................................................  
325.0 
*US $ 750 million fixed rate Green Bond 2021 – 2026 (fully drawn) ...................................................................................................  
690.0 
US $ 100 million APICORP bonds 2022 - 2025 (fully drawn) ..............................................................................................................  
98.8 
*US$ 100 million APICORP bonds 2022 - 2025 (fully drawn) .............................................................................................................  
99.2 
CNH 600 million fixed rate bond 2023 – 2026 (fully drawn) ................................................................................................................  
76.5 
US$ 150 million fixed rate APICORP bonds 2023 - 2026 (fully drawn) ...............................................................................................  
149.0 
*US $ 70 million floating rate bond 2024 – 2029 (fully drawn) ............................................................................................................  
69.9 
CNH 1000 million fixed rate bond 2024 – 2028 (fully drawn) ..............................................................................................................  
133.1 
*US $ 750 million fixed rate Green Bond 2024 – 2029 (fully drawn) ...................................................................................................  
760.5 
US $ 50 million Certificate of Deposit maturing 2024 ..........................................................................................................................  
48.6 
US $ 20 million Certificate of Deposit maturing 2024 ..........................................................................................................................  
20.0 
CNH 540 million fixed rate bond 2024 – 2027 (fully drawn) ................................................................................................................  
73.0 
GBP 60 million fixed rated bond 2024 – 2027 (fully drawn) ................................................................................................................  
75.4 
CNH 500 million fixed rate bond 2024 – 2027 (fully drawn) ................................................................................................................  
67.7 
Interest payable .....................................................................................................................................................................................  
38.4 
Unamortised front-end fee .....................................................................................................................................................................  
(3.0) 
Total sukuk and bonds issued .............................................................................................................................................................  
4,626.3 
 
 
*These sukuk and bonds were issued and listed in Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). 
** These sukuks and bonds were issued and listed in Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and Taipe Exchange (“TPex”).

--- Page 123 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 108 - 
 
 
All of the Group's sukuk and bonds issued are listed. The Group has entered into interest/profit rate swaps in relation to 
each series of fixed rate sukuk and bonds with a view to hedging its exposure to changes in fair value as a result of changes 
in market interest/profit rates. 
Deposits 
The Group is one of only a few multilateral financial institutions which accepts wholesale deposits. The table below shows 
a breakdown of the Group's deposits by amount and proportion as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 
and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Deposits from banks ................................................................................................  
653.3 
669.4 
563.0 
85.0 
Deposits from corporates .........................................................................................  
15.4 
457.9 
268.1 
143.8 
Deposits from shareholders .....................................................................................  
134.6 
130.6 
123.1 
120.1 
Interest payable .......................................................................................................  
12.1 
12.6 
4.6 
0.1 
Total .......................................................................................................................  
815.5 
1,270.4 
958.8 
349.0 
(per cent.) 
 
 
Deposits from banks ................................................................................................  
80.1 
52.7 
58.7 
24.4 
Deposits from corporates .........................................................................................  
1.9 
36.0 
28.0 
41.2 
Deposits from shareholders .....................................................................................  
16.5 
10.3 
12.8 
34.4 
Interest payable .......................................................................................................  
1.5 
1.0 
0.5 
0.0 
Total .......................................................................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
The Group's deposits are contractually short-term in nature and comprise a mix of conventional and Islamic bank deposits, 
deposits from corporates and deposits from APICORP's shareholders. As at 30 June 2024, the Group's deposits totalled 
U.S.$815.5 million, compared to U.S.$1,270.4 million as at 31 December 2023. This decrease is primarily attributable to 
maturity of deposits amounting to U.S.$457.9 million which is partially netted off by an increase in new deposits amounting 
to US$ 15.4 million. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group's deposits totalled U.S.$1,270.4 million as compared to U.S.$958.8 million as at 31 
December 2022. This increase was driven by increases in deposits from banks and corporate deposits, which were 
principally due to the Group's effort to optimise the mix of its short term and medium term borrowings. As at 31 December 
2023, the Group's deposits totalled U.S.$1,270.4 million, 85.6 per cent. of which had maturities of up to three months with 
the remainder having maturities of between three The Group's deposit counterparty base includes a range of conventional 
and Islamic banks, companies, governments and government agencies.  
The Group accepts deposits in a range of currencies although, as at 30 June 2024, all of its deposits were denominated in 
U.S. dollars.  
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's deposits as at 30 June 2024 and 
31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Deposits from banks ................................................................................................  
5.53 
5.77 
4.17 
0.35 
Deposits from corporates .........................................................................................  
5.97 
5.79 
4.48 
0.12 
Deposits from shareholders .....................................................................................  
6.09 
6.11 
5.14 
0.72 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Maturity profile of the Group's funding 
Of the Group's U.S.$6,900.8 million funding as at 30 June 2024, 32.9 per cent. was scheduled to mature within 12 months.

--- Page 124 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 109 - 
 
 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group's funding (including short-term funding) as at 30 June 2024. 
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(per cent.) 
Repayable within 12 months 
 
2,271.5 
32.9 
Repayable between one and three years 
 
2,031.8 
29.5 
Repayable between three and five years ....................................................................................................................... 
2,597.5 
37.6 
Repayable after five years ............................................................................................................................................ 
- 
- 
Total funding .............................................................................................................................................................. 
6,900.8 
100.0 
ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ITEMS 
The Group's principal assets are its loans and advances, its direct and indirect investments (principally in the form of equity 
securities at FVOCI but also including its FVTPL fund investments and investments in five associates) and its treasury 
investment portfolio (being its debt securities at FVOCI), each of which are discussed in more detail below. As at 30 June 
2024, the Group's loans and advances amounted to U.S.$5,133.9 million, or 49.0 per cent. of its total assets, its treasury 
investment portfolio amounted to U.S.$3,111.7 million, or 29.7 per cent. of its total assets, and its direct and indirect 
investments aggregated U.S.$1,550.9 million, or 14.8 per cent. of its total assets. 
The Group's principal liabilities are its sukuk and bonds issued, which are discussed under "—Liquidity and funding—
Borrowings" above, and its deposits, which are discussed under "—Liquidity and funding—Deposits" above. As at 31 
December 2023, the Group's sukuk and bonds issued amounted to U.S. $3,653.6 million, or 54.4 per cent. of its total 
liabilities compared to U.S.$4,209.0 million, or 70.9 per cent. of its total liabilities as at 31 December 2022, and 
U.S.$4,901.8 million, or 90.1 per cent. of its total liabilities as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s 
deposits amounted to U.S.$1,270.4 or 18.9 per cent. of its total liabilities, compared to U.S.$958.8 million, or 16.2 per cent. 
of its total liabilities as at 31 December 2022, and U.S.$349.0 million, or 6.4 per cent. of its total liabilities as at 31 
December 2021. 
Loans and advances 
The Group provides syndicated and direct loans for projects developed by local, regional and international sponsors in the 
energy sector. 
Portfolio status and risk classification 
The table below shows the status of the Group's loans and advances outstanding as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in 
each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Islamic loans at amortised cost ................................................................................  
790.0 
700.7 
946.0 
1,120.5 
Conventional loans ..................................................................................................  
 
 
 
 
- at amortised cost....................................................................................................  
4,336.6 
3,930.5 
3,279.4 
3,608.5 
- at FVTPL ..............................................................................................................  
148.6 
152.3 
155.1 
49.0 
Interest receivable ....................................................................................................  
49.4 
42.2 
29.0 
15.5 
 
5,324.6 
4,825.7 
4,409.6 
4,793.4 
Unamortised participation and upfront fees .............................................................  
(81.8) 
(79.7) 
(76.3) 
(79.8) 
ECL impairment allowance .....................................................................................  
(108.7) 
(97.4) 
(103.6) 
(70.0) 
 
5,134.1 
4,648.6 
4,229.7 
4,643.6 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
The internal rating classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in 
each of 2023, 2022 and 2021 is set out under "Risk management—Credit risk management—Generating the term structure 
of PD". For information regarding the Group's internal rating classifications, see "Risk management—Credit risk 
management—Credit rating and measurement". 
Portfolio sector and sub-sector concentration 
The Group's loans and advances are concentrated within the energy sector by virtue of APICORP's founding mandate. 
However, the Group seeks to maintain a diversified profile of loans within that sector. The table below shows the 
classification by sub-sector within the energy sector of the Group's loans and advances outstanding by amount as at 30 
June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021.

--- Page 125 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 110 - 
 
 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Energy ..................................................................................................................... 
2,121.4 
1.929.4 
1,873.7 
2,056.7 
Materials .................................................................................................................. 
763.9 
803.8 
869.3 
954.4 
Financials and sovereign ......................................................................................... 
- 
12.7 
43.0 
47.3 
Utilities .................................................................................................................... 
2,062.5 
1,658.6 
1,187.9 
1,304.3 
Industrials ................................................................................................................ 
186.1 
244.1 
255.8 
280.9 
Total loans and advances ...................................................................................... 
5,133.9 
4,648.6 
4,229.7 
4,643.6 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
The table below shows the classification by sub-sector within the energy sector of the Group's loans and advances 
outstanding by proportion of the total as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Energy ....................................................................................................................  
41.3 
41.5 
44.3 
44.3 
Materials .................................................................................................................  
14.9 
17.3 
20.6 
20.6 
Financials and sovereign ........................................................................................  
- 
0.3 
1.0 
1.0 
Utilities ...................................................................................................................  
40.2 
35.7 
28.1 
28.1 
Industrials ...............................................................................................................  
3.6 
5.3 
6.0 
6.0 
Total loans and advances .....................................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Portfolio geographical concentration 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding by amount as at 30 
June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Saudi Arabia ...........................................................................................................  
1,871.5 
1,723.4 
1,344.7 
1,476.5 
Qatar .......................................................................................................................  
473.6 
427.6 
505.2 
554.7 
Other GCC States ...................................................................................................  
1,864.4 
1,764.4 
1,421.4 
1,560.1 
Egypt and North Africa ..........................................................................................  
227.0 
191.1 
218.9 
240.4 
Total Arab world ..................................................................................................  
4,436.5 
4,106.7 
3,490.3 
3,831.7 
Europe ....................................................................................................................  
259.0 
180.4 
387.8 
425.8 
Asia and Oceania ....................................................................................................  
266.3 
196.9 
212.8 
233.7 
North and South America .......................................................................................  
172.1 
164.7 
138.7 
152.3 
Total loans and advances .....................................................................................  
5,133.9 
4,648.6 
4,229.7 
4,643.6 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
The Group's loans and advances are also concentrated within the Arab world, again reflecting APICORP's mandate and its 
shareholder base. 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's loans and advances outstanding by proportion of the 
total as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Saudi Arabia ............................................................................................................ 
36.5 
37.1 
31.8 
31.8 
Qatar ........................................................................................................................ 
9.2 
9.2 
11.9 
11.9 
Other GCC States .................................................................................................... 
36.3 
38.0 
33.6 
33.6 
Egypt and North Africa ........................................................................................... 
4.4 
4.1 
5.2 
5.2 
Total Arab world ................................................................................................... 
86.4 
88.4 
82.5 
82.5 
Europe ..................................................................................................................... 
5.0 
3.9 
9.2 
9.2 
Asia and Oceania ..................................................................................................... 
5.2 
4.2 
5.0 
5.0 
North and South America ........................................................................................ 
3.4 
3.5 
3.3 
3.3 
Total loans and advances ...................................................................................... 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0

--- Page 126 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 111 - 
 
 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
The Group's loans and advances are principally denominated in U.S. dollars although it also has a small amount of loans 
and advances denominated in Saudi Arabian riyal. Almost all of the Group's loans and advances bear interest at floating 
rates of interest that reprice within one year or less.  
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the Group's loans and advances as at 30 June 2024 
and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Loans and advances ................................................................................................. 
7.44 
7.54 
3.68 
2.27 
U.S. dollar denominated .......................................................................................... 
7.45 
7.54 
3.67 
2.25 
Non-U.S. dollar denominated .................................................................................. 
5.93 
7.50 
4.38 
2.56 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Portfolio maturity breakdown 
The table below shows a maturity profile of the Group's loans and advances as at 30 June 2024. 
 
Up to 
3 months 
3 months to 
one year 
1 to 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Total 
Loans and advances (U.S.$ million) .............................................  
156.3 
443.5 
1,078.8 
3,455.3 
5,133.9 
Loans and advances (per cent.) ....................................................  
3.0 
8.6 
21.0 
67.4 
100.0 
Direct and indirect equity investments 
The Group's direct and indirect equity investments are described under "Description of the Group— Business—Investments 
& Partnerships". 
Treasury investment portfolio 
The Group, through its T&CM business line, manages a treasury investment portfolio with the aim of providing enhanced 
earnings not correlated to its other two main cyclical business lines, which are direct and syndicated lending to, and direct 
equity investments in, companies and other entities engaged in the oil and gas and energy industries. The treasury 
investment portfolio principally comprises fixed and floating rate bonds, which comprised 81.3 per cent. of the portfolio 
(before interest receivable) as at 30 June 2024. Treasury bills make up the balance of the portfolio. Most of the securities 
in the Group's treasury investment portfolio were classified as debt securities at FVOCI as at 30 June 2024. 
Portfolio breakdown by security type 
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group's debt securities at FVOCI by amount and proportion of the total as at 
30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Treasury bills ........................................................................................................... 
576.7 
878.4 
976.0 
305.0 
Fixed rate bonds ...................................................................................................... 
2,332.4 
1,844.7 
1,294.1 
1,476.3 
Floating rate bonds .................................................................................................. 
173.7 
188.7 
176.8 
74.1 
Interest receivable .................................................................................................... 
28.9 
21.6 
11.7 
12.4 
ECL impairment allowance ..................................................................................... 
— 
— 
(2.2) 
(0.4) 
 
3,111.7 
2,933.4 
2,456.5 
1,867.4 
 
(per cent.) 
Treasury bills ........................................................................................................... 
18.5 
29.9 
39.7 
16.3 
Fixed rate bonds ...................................................................................................... 
75.0 
62.9 
52.7 
79.1 
Floating rate bonds .................................................................................................. 
5.6 
6.4 
7.2 
4.0 
Interest receivable .................................................................................................... 
0.9 
0.7 
0.5 
0.7 
ECL impairment allowance ..................................................................................... 
— 
— 
(0.1) 
0.0 
 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 127 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 112 - 
 
 
All of the Group's treasury investments are fair valued using quoted prices on active markets or using observable or derived 
prices for similar instruments from active markets at the end of each reporting period. The Group uses a portion of the 
securities within the portfolio as collateral for repo-based financing transactions, and as at 30 June 2024, the fair value of 
debt investments at FVOCI pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements was U.S.$546.0 million. As at 31 December 
2023 and 2022, securities with a fair value of U.S.$551.0 million and U.S.$155.0 million had been pledged as collateral 
for these transactions, respectively. No such transactions were outstanding as at 31 December 2021. 
Portfolio maturity breakdown 
The table below shows a maturity profile of the fixed income securities in the Group's treasury investment portfolio as at 
30 June 2024. 
 
Up to 
3 months 
3 months to 
one year 
1 to 5 years 
5 years and 
over 
Total 
Treasury investment portfolio (U.S.$ million) ..........................  
612.5 
516.8 
1,229.7 
752.7 
3,111.7 
Treasury investment portfolio (per cent.) .................................  
19.7 
16.6 
39.5 
24.2 
100.0 
Ratings classification of treasury investment portfolio 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's treasury investment portfolio had a weighted average credit rating of 'A+'.  
The table below shows the ratings classification by issuer type of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by amount as 
at 30 June 2024. 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
AAA to AA- ............................................................................................................ 
1,271.0 
- 
- 
1,271.0 
A+ to A- .................................................................................................................. 
1,290.4 
- 
- 
1,290.4 
BBB to BBB- .......................................................................................................... 
346.1 
- 
- 
346.1 
BB+ to B- ................................................................................................................ 
- 
188.2 
- 
188.2 
Unrated .................................................................................................................... 
- 
1.0 
15.0 
16.0 
Gross amount ......................................................................................................... 
2,907.5 
189.2 
15.0 
3,111.7 
ECL allowance ........................................................................................................ 
(1.3) 
(2.4) 
(9.0) 
(12.7) 
 
2,906.2 
186.8 
6.0 
3,099.0 
Sectoral breakdown of treasury investment portfolio 
The Group's treasury investment portfolio principally comprises debt securities issued by financial institutions and 
governments and public sector bodies. The remaining securities are principally invested within the utilities and energy 
sectors. 
The table below shows the sectoral breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by amount as at 30 June 2024 
and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 
30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Energy ..................................................................................................................... 
245.0 
277.7 
74.7 
56.8 
Materials .................................................................................................................. 
5.6 
46.9 
128.7 
97.8 
Financials and sovereign ......................................................................................... 
2,631.0 
2,437.4 
1,896.6 
1,441.8 
Utilities .................................................................................................................... 
98.0 
57.6 
292.6 
222.5 
Industrials ................................................................................................................ 
132.1 
113.8 
63.9 
48.6 
Total treasury investment portfolio ..................................................................... 
3,111.7 
2,933.4 
2,456.5 
1,867.4 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
The table below shows the sectoral breakdown of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by proportion of the total as at 
as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Energy ..................................................................................................................... 
7.9 
9.5 
3.0 
3.0 
Materials .................................................................................................................. 
0.2 
1.6 
5.2 
5.2 
Financials and sovereign ......................................................................................... 
84.6 
83.1 
77.2 
77.2 
Utilities .................................................................................................................... 
3.1 
2.0 
11.9 
11.9 
Industrials ................................................................................................................ 
4.2 
3.9 
2.6 
2.6 
Total treasury investment portfolio ..................................................................... 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 128 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 113 - 
 
 
Geographical concentration of treasury investment portfolio 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's treasury investment portfolio principally comprised debt securities issued by issuers from 
the GCC and the rest of the world. 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by amount as at 30 June 
2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
 
Saudi Arabia .......................................................................................................... 
379.3 
143.3 
558.7 
424.7 
Qatar ...................................................................................................................... 
59.8 
140.5 
380.6 
289.3 
Egypt and North Africa ......................................................................................... 
11.0 
75.9 
— 
— 
Other GCC States .................................................................................................. 
730.4 
807.8 
637.6 
484.7 
Total Arab world ................................................................................................. 
1,180.5 
1,167.6 
1,576.8 
1,198.7 
Europe ................................................................................................................... 
261.9 
268.6 
— 
— 
Asia and Oceania ................................................................................................... 
141.2 
103.3 
291.1 
221.3 
North and South America ...................................................................................... 
1,528.0 
1,393.9 
588.6 
447.4 
Total treasury investment portfolio ................................................................... 
3,111.7 
2,933.4 
2,456.5 
1,867.4 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
The table below shows the geographical classification of the Group's treasury investment portfolio by proportion of the 
total as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Saudi Arabia .......................................................................................................... 
12.2 
4.9 
22.7 
22.7 
Qatar ...................................................................................................................... 
1.9 
4.8 
15.5 
15.5 
Egypt and North Africa ......................................................................................... 
0.4 
2.6 
— 
— 
Other GCC States .................................................................................................. 
23.5 
27.5 
26.0 
26.0 
Total Arab world ................................................................................................. 
38.0 
39.8 
64.2 
64.2 
Europe ................................................................................................................... 
8.4 
9.2 
— 
— 
Asia and Oceania ................................................................................................... 
4.5 
3.5 
11.9 
11.9 
North and South America ......................................................................................   
49.1 
47.5 
24.0 
24.0 
Total treasury investment portfolio ................................................................... 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Interest rate structure of fixed income portfolio 
The table below shows the weighted average effective interest rates of the fixed and floating rate bonds within the Group's 
treasury investment portfolio as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
(per cent.) 
Fixed rate bonds ...................................................................................................... 
4.66 
3.12 
3.18 
2.99 
Floating rate bonds .................................................................................................. 
6.67 
6.56 
5.91 
1.59 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
The Group's principal commitments are to underwrite and fund loans to be made by it and to subscribe capital to direct 
equity investees. The Group's other commitments comprise its commitments relating to a number of projects mainly in the 
facility management areas. 
The table below shows the Group's commitments and contingent liabilities as at 30 June2024.  
 
As at 30 June 2024 
 
(U.S.$ million) 
Commitments to underwrite and fund loans ............................................................................................................................ 
2,620.6 
Commitments to subscribe capital to investments ................................................................................................................... 
91.1 
Other commitments ................................................................................................................................................................. 
2.6 
 
2,714.3

--- Page 129 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 114 - 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Group's principal related parties are the shareholders. Although the Group does not transact any commercial business 
directly with the shareholders themselves (other than accepting wholesale deposits), it is engaged in financing activities 
with companies which are either controlled by the shareholder governments or over which they have significant influence. 
Loans made by the Group to related parties are made at prevailing market interest rates and are subject to normal 
commercial negotiation as to terms. The majority of loans to related parties are syndicated, which means that participation 
and terms are negotiated by a group of arrangers, of which APICORP may, or may not, be a leader. No loans to related 
parties were written off in 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
The table below summarises the Group's related party loans, direct equity investments in related parties and deposits from 
related parties as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(1) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(U.S.$ million) 
Loans to related parties 
 
 
 
 
Loans outstanding – gross  ...................................................................................... 
3,824.0 
3,521.5 
3,160.3 
3,126.7 
Commitments to underwrite and fund loans ............................................................ 
756.1 
783.1 
885.4 
1,076.2 
Interest income from loans during the period/year .................................................. 
134.9 
171.9 
108.9 
71.8 
Loan fees received during the period/year ............................................................... 
6.9 
2.9 
3.9 
2.9 
ECL allowance ........................................................................................................ 
(56.9) 
(58.2) 
(66.1) 
(25.5) 
Investments in related parties 
 
 
 
 
Investments ............................................................................................................. 
1,280.7 
1,214.8 
1,163.2 
956.3 
Commitments to investments .................................................................................. 
61.7 
69.9 
68.9 
10.0 
Guarantees as shareholder ....................................................................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Dividends received during the period/year .............................................................. 
22.5 
85.1 
118.9 
94.6 
Deposits 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from corporates ......................................................................................... 
15.4 
457.9 
268.1 
143.8 
Deposits from shareholders ..................................................................................... 
134.6 
130.6 
123.1 
120.1 
Interest expense on deposits from corporates during the period/year....................... 
9.4 
14.0 
6.4 
0.9 
Interest expense on deposits from shareholders during the period/year ................... 
4.1 
7.4 
2.8 
1.0 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Term financing ........................................................................................................ 
500.0 
500.0 
— 
— 
Interest expense on related party term financing ..................................................... 
15.0 
26.0 
— 
— 
Dividend payable to shareholders ............................................................................ 
22.2 
25.2 
17.8 
17.8 
Balances due to key management ............................................................................ 
0.1 
2.0 
0.7 
0.6 
(1) The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's gross loans outstanding to related parties were 75.1 per cent. of its gross total loans 
outstanding, excluding conventional loans at FVTPL, compared to 76.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2023, 71.7 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2022 and 65.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group's investments in related parties were 27.8 per cent. of its total investments, compared to 28.0 
per cent. as at 31 December 2023, 32.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 and 34.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Group's deposits from related party corporates 
were 100.0 per cent. of its total deposits from corporates. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
The Group's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to 
sustain the future development of its business. The Group recognises the need to maintain a balance between the higher 
returns that might be possible with greater gearing and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position. 
Although the Group is not subject to regulatory-imposed capital requirements, it monitors and manages its capital based 
on the capital adequacy ratios prescribed by the Basel Committee (Basel II) and also voluntarily complies with Basel III 
liquidity risk management guidelines. The Group's capital adequacy as at 30 June 2024 based on qualifying capital to total 
risk weighted exposure was 28.4 per cent.

--- Page 130 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 115 - 
 
 
The table below shows the Group's capital adequacy as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022(3) 
2021 
 
(U.S.$ million, except percentages) 
Risk weighted exposures 
 
 
 
 
On balance sheet assets ........................................................................................... 
10,527.7 
10,584.8 
8,985.1 
7,654.6 
Off balance sheet exposures .................................................................................... 
1,372.5 
1,210.5 
858.2 
619 
Total risk weighted exposures .............................................................................. 
11,900.3 
11,243.5 
9,843.3 
8,273.6 
Capital adequacy 
 
 
 
 
Tier 1 capital(1) ......................................................................................................... 
3,244.3 
3,152.6 
2,920.5 
2,552.5 
Tier 2 capital(2) ......................................................................................................... 
123.6 
3,268.9 
103.6 
73.5 
Qualifying capital .................................................................................................. 
3,368.0 
6,421.5 
3,024.0 
2,626.1 
Total capital adequacy ratio (Basel II) ..................................................................... 
28.3% 
27.7% 
30.7% 
31.7% 
Tier 1 capital ratio (Basel II) ................................................................................... 
27.3% 
26.7% 
29.7% 
30.9% 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Comprises share capital, legal reserves, general reserves and retained earnings. 
(2) 
Comprises investments fair value reserve and collective impairment allowance. 
(3) 
The financial information for 2022 has been restated in line with the revised presentation in the 2023 Financial Statements. 
See note 35 to the 2023 Financial Statements. 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT RISK 
The Group is exposed to a number of risks and takes steps to mitigate certain of these risks as described in "Risk 
management".

--- Page 131 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 116 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
APICORP's governing bodies include the General Assembly, the Board and its committees and the Office of the Chief 
Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, appointed by the Board, is responsible for all the activities of the Group 
under the supervision of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer is assisted by the senior management team. 
The Board 
The Board comprises one director appointed by each of the OAPEC Member States. The Board elects its chairman. 
Membership of the Board is for a term of four years and may be renewed for any number of successive terms. The Board 
meets once every three months. 
The members of the current Board are listed below. Members of the Board represent their respective country's interest in 
APICORP and, as shown in the table below, most Board members are in current leadership positions in their countries. 
Name 
Title 
Principal occupation outside APICORP 
Member State(1) 
Eng. Mohamed Abdulrahman Albrahim ..... 
Chairman 
Assistant Minister for Oil and Gas, Ministry of 
Energy 
Saudi Arabia 
Mr. Moussa Alhassan Atiq Ali ................... 
Deputy Chairman 
General 
Manager, 
Libyan 
Arab 
Foreign 
Investment Company 
Libya 
Eng. Sharif Salim Al-Olama ....................... 
Member 
Undersecretary, 
Ministry 
of 
Energy 
& 
Infrastructure 
UAE 
Sheikh Dr. Nimr Fahad Al-Sabah ............... 
Member 
Undersecretary, Ministry of Oil 
Kuwait 
Eng. Basim Mohammed Khudair ............... 
Member 
Undersecretary, Ministry of Oil Extraction Affairs 
Iraq 
Mr. Khalid Khalifa Aljalahma  ................... 
Member 
Manager, 
Budgeting 
& 
Group 
Finance 
Management Reporting Controls, Qatar Energy 
Qatar 
Mrs. Amel Abdellatif.................................. 
Member 
General Manager, Taxation Directorate, Ministry 
of Finance 
Algeria 
H.E. Eng. Tarek Ahmed El Molla .............. 
Member 
Former Minister, Ministry of Petroleum and 
Mineral Resources 
Egypt 
Mr. Yusuf Abdulla Humood ....................... 
Member 
Undersecretary of Financial Affairs, Ministry of 
Finance & National Economy 
Bahrain 
 
 
Note 
(1) 
Due to the current political situation in Syria, no representative from Syria is assigned to APICORP's Board at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The address of each Board member is the registered office of APICORP at 7116 Prince Turki Ibn Abdulaziz Al Awal Road, 
4400 Al Malqa District, Riyadh 13523 Saudi Arabia and their post office box address is 13523, Riyadh Saudi Arabia. There 
are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the directors listed above and 
their duties to the Group. 
Board committees 
The Board has established two committees: the Board Audit and Risk Committee (the "BARC") and the Board Governance 
and Remuneration Committee (the "BGRC"). 
The Audit and Risk Committee 
The BARC oversees the Group's financial activities, internal control, corporate governance and risk governance. The 
BARC is responsible for oversight of the Group's: 
• 
financial activities and reporting system; 
• 
internal controls and risk management framework; 
• 
audit functions; and 
• 
legal and compliance requirements. 
The BARC comprises Engr. Sharif Salim Al-Olama (as Chairman), Mr. Yusuf Abdulla Humood (as Vice Chairman) and 
Mr. Khalid Khalifa Aljalahma, Engr. Basim Mohammed Khudair and Mrs. Amel Abdellatif (as members).

--- Page 132 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 117 - 
 
 
The Governance and Remuneration Committee 
The BGRC oversees overall corporate governance together with employee compensation and benefits. The BGRC is 
responsible for: 
• 
monitoring and continuously improving corporate governance; 
• 
recommending appropriate remuneration and reward policies to the Board; and 
• 
ensuring that human resources policies and practices are in line with applicable laws and regulations. 
The BGRC comprises Sheikh Dr Nimr Fahad Al-Sabah (as Chairman), Mr. Moussa Alhassan Atiq Ali (as Vice Chairman) 
and Eng. Mohamed Abdulrahman Albrahim and H.E. Engr. Tarek Ahmed El Molla (as members).  
Senior management 
The members of the Group's senior management team are:  
Name 
Title 
Mr. Khalid bin Ali Al-Ruwaigh 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Bennie Burger 
Acting Chief of Staff  
Mr. Nicolas Thévenot 
Chief Banking Officer 
Mr. Vicky Bhatia 
Chief Financial Officer 
Eng. Fahad Alshahrani 
Chief Shared Services Officer 
Mr. Moied Alhussain 
Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
Mr. Mehdi Rizvi 
Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Maheur Mourali 
Chief Investment Officer  
The address of each member of senior management is the registered office of APICORP at 7116 Prince Turki Ibn Abdulaziz 
Al Awal Road, 4400 Al Malqa District, Riyadh 13423, Saudi Arabia and their postal address is P.O. Box 13523, Riyadh 
Saudi Arabia. There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the members of 
senior management listed above and their duties to the Group. 
Mr. Khaid bin Ali Al-Ruwaigh (Chief Executive Officer) 
Mr. Al-Ruwaigh joined APICORP in May 2022 from Emirates NBD Capital in Saudi Arabia, where he served as Chief 
Executive Officer since March 2019. At Emirates NBD Capital he led the successful transformation of the business and 
supported product development, resulting in the quadrupling of revenues and turning the company into a profitable venture. 
He has previously worked at Naseel Holding, as Chief Investment Officer, where he was in charge of direct investments 
and acquisitions covering regional and international portfolios across a number of asset classes.  
Mr. Al-Ruwaigh holds an MBA from California State University and a Bachelor's degree in Information Systems from 
King Saud University, Saudi Arabia. 
Mr. Bennie Burger (Acting Chief of Staff) 
Mr. Burger has over 31 years' experience in the financial services industry. He previously held a wide range of roles at The 
Standard Bank (at various times between 1990 and 2007), most recently as Regional Director: Corporate and Investment 
Banking for Southern Africa and Sector Head for Construction and Infrastructure. Between 1998 and 1999 he was a Team 
Leader: Commercial Banking at BOE Bank and between 1999 and 2001 he was Associate Director: Corporate Banking at 
PSG Investment Bank. Between 2008 and 2012 he held various roles at Al Rajhi Bank and Al Rajhi Capital, most recently 
as Director and Head of Investment Banking between 2010 and 2012. Between 2013 and 2014 he was Chief Financial 
Officer at Algihaz Holding in Saudi Arabia. He joined the Group in 2014. 
Mr. Burger has a Bachelor's degree in Agricultural and Business Economics, a Bachelor's degree with Honours in Business 
Administration and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University of Stellenbosch, Republic of South 
Africa. 
Mr. Nicolas Thévenot (Chief Banking Officer) 
Mr. Thévenot has 27 years' experience in the financial services industry. He has previously worked at Crédit Agricole 
Indosuez in a range of roles between 1992 and 2000, most recently as Vice President-Asset Based Finance/MENA (between 
1998 and 2000). He joined the Group in 2000 as head of the business group for North Africa and the Mediterranean basin 
in the department that handles the Group's project finance, financial advisory and trade finance activities ("P&TF"). In 
October 2004, he was appointed head of P&TF. 
Mr. Thévenot has a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree in Public Administration and Economics from and a post 
graduate diploma in International Economics from l'Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris, France.

--- Page 133 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 118 - 
 
 
Mr. Vicky Bhatia (Chief Financial Officer) 
Mr. Vicky Bhatia has been working in the financial sector for 28 years with a demonstrated history of business 
transformations and delivering sustainable financial results. Prior to joining APICORP in April 2024, he was most recently 
the Chief Financial Officer at ZAND Bank in the UAE and prior that, he was the Chief Financial Officer at Noor Bank in 
the UAE. Mr. Bhatia also worked at Standard Chartered Bank for 17 years where held senior finance positions across 
different regions including the Middle East. Africa and Asia at Standard. He has a master's degree in business 
administration with a Specialisation in Finance from the International University, Missouri, United States and a bachelor's 
degree in Commerce, Accounting and Economics from University of Mumbai, India.  
Eng. Fahad Alshahrani (Chief Shared Services Officer) 
Eng. Alshahrani has more than 16 years of experience in Human Resources, Talent Management, Performance 
Management and Compensation & Benefits, leading private and government sectors in diverse environment and 
implementing complex strategic initiatives in delivering proficient business value and operational efficiency through design 
and implementation of management practices, mostly in Human Resources. 
Prior to joining APICORP in August 2022, Eng. Alshahrani served as GM Human Resources at Ministry of Industry and 
Mineral Resources, GM Talent Management and Rewards at Diplomatic Quarter Authority, GM HR at General 
Entertainment Authority. He has also held various positions in different organisations, such as STC Solutions and Mobily. 
Eng. Alshahrani is a Certified Compensation Professional (CCP), Global Remuneration Professional (GRP), and a certified 
leadership professional of Foundation for Business Leadership FBL – IMD School, Certified Leadership Program by 
Michigan Ross, Business College. Eng. Alshahrani is also a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 
a Saudi public company. Eng. Alshahrani completed his bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering at King Saud 
University, Saudi Arabia. 
Mr. Moied Alhussain (Chief Legal & Compliance Officer) 
Mr. Alhussain is a seasoned legal expert with over 15 years of experience in corporate and commercial law, specialising 
in governance and compliance. Prior to joining APICORP in September 2022, he served as Executive Director of Legal 
and Governance at both Awqaf Investment Company and Gulf International Bank, managing legal operations and corporate 
governance. His educational background includes an LLM in Commercial Law from La Trobe University, Australia, and 
a B.A. in Islamic Law from Imam Muhammad bin Saud University, Saudi Arabia. 
Mr. Mehdi Rizvi (Chief Risk Officer) 
Mr. Rizvi has more than 20 years' experience in corporate & investment banking and risk management across diverse 
operating environments. He has led the design, development and implementation of risk management frameworks, systems, 
and models across credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk and operational risk. Before joining APICORP in 2019, he worked 
15 years in London, United Kingdom in industry leading organisations, including Gazprom Marketing & Trading, Crédit 
Agricole, Standard Bank and Standard Chartered Bank, managing risks across project and trade finance, leverage finance, 
private equity, commodity trading, treasury and capital market portfolios.  
Mr. Rizvi holds a bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering from CCS University, India and an MBA in Finance from 
Charles Sturt University, UK. He also holds a postgraduate Diploma in Accounting & Finance from the London School of 
Economics and Political Science (LSE), UK. In addition, he is a certified Financial Risk Manager (FRM). 
Mr. Maheur Mourali (Chief Investment Officer) 
Mr. Mourali has over 20 years’ experience in the financial services industry with an established history of success both in 
leading and closing deals and has acquired strong financial and technical capabilities through active involvement in 
complex transactions across several countries including Spain, Italy, China, Colombia and the United Kingdom. Prior to 
joining APICORP, Mr. Mourali was the Chief Investment Officer of Fawaz Alhokhair Group where he was responsible 
for developing the group’s long-term strategy and key initiatives. He has also held various key executive roles at National 
Center for Privatization & PPP, Swicorp and BNP Paribas. 
Mr. Mourali holds an Engineering Diploma at Ecole Polytechnique and Engineering and a Diploma in Finance, 
Management and Economics at Ecole Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées, France. 
Management Committees 
The Group has four management level committees.

--- Page 134 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 119 - 
 
 
Executive Management Committee 
The Executive Management Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing and recommending the Group's corporate strategy, annual budget, business plan, human resource policy 
and corporate governance policy; 
• 
periodically reviewing the Group's financial performance against its approved plan; and 
• 
managing dispute solutions, crisis situations and key reputational risk events. 
The Executive Management Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman) and the Chiefs of 
Investments, Corporate Banking, Finance, Staff, Risk and Legal. 
The committee generally meets monthly. 
Credit Committee 
The Credit Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing renewals and extensions of existing credit facilities and non-performing credit facilities;  
• 
ensuring compliance with credit policies and procedures, and direct investments and exit guidelines; and 
• 
reviewing joint ventures, feasibility studies and due diligence reports. 
The Credit Committee comprises of four voting members: the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman) and the Chiefs of 
Finance, Corporate Banking, and Risk Management and two non-voting members: the Chiefs of Legal and Staff. 
The Credit Committee met 23 times in the first half of 2024 and 34 times in 2023. Prior to its establishment in September 
2023, the Credit Committee was combined with the Investment Committee as the Credit and Investment Committee. The 
Credit and Investment Committee met 31 times in 2022 and 34 times in 2021. 
Investment Committee 
The Investment Committee's responsibilities include reviewing and recommending to the Board new debt-related 
transactions, equity investment proposals, and direct investment and exit guidelines 
The Investment Committee comprises of three voting members: the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman) and the Chiefs 
of Investments, and Staff and three non-voting members: the Chiefs of Finance, Legal, and Risk. 
The Investment Committee met seven times in the first half of 2024 and twice in 2023. Prior to its establishment in 
September 2023, the Investment Committee was combined with the Credit Committee as the Credit and Investment 
Committee. The Credit and Investment Committee met 31 times in 2022 and 34 times in 2021. 
The Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing and recommending the risk appetite framework for Board approval; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the credit, market, operational and liquidity risk management policies/manuals and 
procedures, including the associated methodologies. The Risk Management Committee also reviews the stress 
test results provided by risk management as well as the financial planning and analytics unit on the above risk 
areas; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the list of eligible instruments and respective limits, country risk profile updates 
and resulting exposure limit changes, any breach of limits, and assignment of financial institution and corporate 
limits; 
• 
reviewing and recommending internal rating models and rating score cards for the loan portfolio and reviewing 
the risk reports for the equity portfolio; 
• 
reviewing and recommending all operational risk management policies, including the business continuity 
policy/plan, the disaster recovery policy/plan and operational risk software; 
• 
reviewing the exposure dashboard and approving risk exposure thresholds within limits set by the Board;

--- Page 135 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 120 - 
 
 
• 
reviewing the external rating of APICORP and providing its feedback to the ALCO on areas of improvement and 
the impact of changes in rating methodology; 
• 
monitoring and reviewing all aspects of regulatory compliance; 
• 
reporting key risk indicators and risk positions to the Board Audit & Risk Committee and provide 
recommendations; and 
• 
reviewing risk management reports submitted to it. 
The Risk Management Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman), and the Chiefs of Finance, 
Banking, Investments and Risk. 
The committee met two times in the first half of 2024, four times in 2023, three times in 2022 and two times in 2021. 
The ALCO 
The ALCO's responsibilities include: 
• 
reviewing and recommending the asset and liability management ("ALM") framework and related policies 
(including the liquidity policy, the hedging policy and the pricing policy); 
• 
reviewing the balance sheet composition (including asset mix and maturity profile) and cash flows for APICORP; 
• 
reviewing the alignment and adjustments of the annual budget/forecast vis-à-vis the ALM framework; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the annual funding plan, including the issuance of sukuk and bonds, as well as the 
contingency funding plan; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the medium-term and long-term financial strategies and projections required to 
adjust the assets and liabilities in order to manage liquidity, leverage, funding, earnings, pricing, hedging and off-
balance sheet exposures in order to ensure long-term financial sustainability; 
• 
reviewing the robustness of cash flow projections; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the target prudential minimum liquidity for APICORP and monitoring the liquidity 
position; 
• 
reviewing the impact of liquidity measures, funding structure and interest-bearing asset compositions to optimise 
the earnings (net interest income) for APICORP; 
• 
reviewing and assessing the stress test scenarios for liquidity and ALM; 
• 
reviewing and approving the early redemptions of medium and long-term liabilities if internal and/or market 
conditions so warrant; 
• 
reviewing and approving the external asset management programme and the appointment of asset managers for 
treasury assets; 
• 
reviewing and approving the fund transfer pricing model, cost and profit allocations and pricing policy for 
APICORP; 
• 
reviewing APICORP's capital structure and various financial ratios, including capital adequacy; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the calling of capital payments; 
• 
reviewing and clearing any breaches of ALM and treasury portfolio limits; and 
• 
ensuring that the ALCO reporting pack is presented and deliberated. 
The ALCO comprises the Chief Executive Officer (as Chairman), and the Chiefs of Finance, Corporate Finance, 
Investments & Partnerships, and Risk. 
The committee met three times in the first half of 2024, eight times in 2023, six times in 2022 and five times in 2021.

--- Page 136 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 121 - 
 
 
Tender and Bid Committee 
The Tender and Bid Committee's responsibilities include: 
• 
approving and awarding contracts within its approved budget and authority; 
• 
reviewing and recommending tender and bid policies and procedures, including the vendor selection process; 
• 
ensuring the development of clear guidelines for bidders; 
• 
ensuring that ethical practices are followed and recorded; and 
• 
facilitating purchase decisions within its authority. 
The Tender and Bid Committee comprises the Chief Legal Officer (as Chairman), and the Chiefs of Finance, Shared 
Services and Risk. 
The committee met 15 times in 2022, 14 times in 2021 and 32 times in 2020. 
COMPENSATION 
APICORP's key management and Board benefits, fees and charges amounted to U.S.$6.2 million in 2023, U.S.$3.3 million 
in 2022 and U.S.$2.7 million in 2021. 
EMPLOYEES 
As of 30 June 2024, APICORP had 102 full-time employees compared to 99 as of 31 December 2023, 120 as of 31 
December 2022 and 123 as of 31 December 2021. APICORP embraces diversity and there were 17 different nationalities 
among its employees as of 30 June 2024.  
APICORP is a performance-driven organisation, reflected in its reward philosophy which links performance to rewards. It 
aims to pay competitive rates of remuneration and seeks to match best pay practices in the region markets. It offers its 
employees a wide range of benefits, including housing and transportation allowances, covering children's education through 
competitive allowances and providing an annual air flight allowance on a yearly basis. APICORP also offers relocation 
packages, subscription allocations, readership programmes, premium health coverage, life insurance and different work 
life balance programmes. APICORP also provides financial assistance to its employees by providing them with loans free 
of interest. It pays employee-differentiated bonuses in accordance with performance scorecards and pays above market 
average for end of service benefits. It also provides a comprehensive training and development programme for all its 
employees. APICORP believes that its employees are its most valuable assets and focuses on ensuring they have optimal 
working conditions.

--- Page 137 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 122 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Save in respect of Green Notes, the Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes for its general 
corporate purposes, including for its general financing and refinancing requirements, or for any other purpose specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
In relation to each Tranche of Green Notes, the equivalent amount will be applied by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, 
in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects. Eligible Green Projects may include new or existing projects under 
development or projects in operation from eligible green categories, which include: (a) renewable energy (including 
transmission, distribution and electrical storage infrastructure as well as local grid connection); (b) pollution prevention 
and control (including waste collection, waste treatment, waste recycling and composting and anaerobic digestion of 
waste); and (c) green buildings (including new construction, building redevelopment and/or renovation of existing 
buildings), as further described in the "use of proceeds" section of the Issuer's Green Finance Framework. The Issuer will 
seek to allocate all equivalent amounts from a Tranche of Green Notes within two years following the Issue Date and will 
prioritise new Eligible Green Projects. In relation to allocating equivalent amounts to the refinancing of existing projects, 
the Issuer will aim to apply a three year lookback period prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Green Notes. 
The Issuer intends to exclude the equivalent amount from being applied towards any projects associated with: (i) nuclear 
power generation and distribution assets; (ii) coal or gas fired power generation and distribution assets; (iii) fossil fuel 
related activities, including underlying investments in research and development; (iv) heat or power facilities with 
emissions intensity above 100gCO2e/kWh; (v) landfill operations and any incineration of any unsorted waste assets or bio-
waste; (vi) exploration and development of new oil and gas fields, (vii) road transportation with emissions intensity above 
50gCO2/km; and (viii) the aviation, airline and airport industries. 
Potential Green assets are identified through APICORP's regular debt financing and equity investment review process 
under the oversight of the Credit and Investments Committee ("CIC"). These projects are then highlighted to the Green 
Bond Committee ("GBC") to assess their eligibility for green financing in line with the criteria set out within the Green 
Finance Framework and described above. The GBC is a subset of the CIC. It is chaired by the CFO and includes 
representation from the ESG Risk & Compliance Committee (Secretary), Treasury, Strategy, Energy Economics and 
Sustainability and other subject matter experts from the business departments. The GBC is responsible for the ongoing 
evaluation and monitoring of the Eligible Green Projects that are financed by equivalent amounts as well as for 
recommending an appropriate course of action for projects that no longer meet the eligibility criteria. The GBC will 
undertake a formal review of the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects for continuing eligibility against the Green Finance 
Framework on at least a semi-annual basis. Any equivalent amount that is allocated to an outstanding Eligible Green 
Project, which is sold, postponed, divested from, deemed to be no longer eligible under the criteria of the Green Finance 
Framework or subject to a significant ESG controversy will be replaced with alternative Eligible Green Project(s). Notably, 
the GBC has the right to reject any proposed Eligible Green Project that it deems not to fit with the criteria of the Green 
Finance Framework. The GBC is also responsible for reviewing and approving the publication of the Green Finance 
Framework related reports, and the associated data collection, as well as periodically reviewing and updating this 
Framework, as and when deemed necessary. 
The Green Finance Framework is intended to be aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles (the "ICMA Green Bond 
Principles") published by the International Capital Markets Association from time to time, which as at the date of this 
Supplement are the Green Bond Principles 2021 (https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/green-
bond-principles-gbp/).  
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo SAS to assess the Green Finance Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles, and to issue a second party opinion in respect thereof. Such opinion has been published on the Issuer's website 
referred to above. 
If a project to which all or part of the equivalent amount has been applied ceases for any reason to be a Green Project, the 
Issuer shall endeavour to substitute such project for a replacement Eligible Green Project as soon as practicable once an 
appropriate replacement Eligible Green Project has been identified. 
The Issuer intends to publish on its website referred to above, reports relating to the allocation of the equivalent amount to 
such financing and/or refinancing of Eligible Green Projects until such time as the equivalent amount has been so allocated 
in full and on the associated environmental benefits of the Eligible Green Projects, in each case on an annual basis starting 
12 months after the Issue Date of the relevant issue of Green Notes, and as necessary in the event of any material changes 
to such allocation. The Issuer's annual allocation reporting will also be subject to external verification by an independent 
party. 
None of the Green Finance Framework or the ICMA Green Bond Principles or any of the above reports, verification 
assessments or the contents of any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of the Base Prospectus. See also 
"Risk factors – Risks relating to Notes generally – The use of proceeds of the Notes of any Series identified as Green Notes

--- Page 138 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 123 - 
 
 
in the relevant Final Terms may not meet investor expectations or requirements or be suitable for an investor's investment 
criteria".

--- Page 139 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 124 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries, the Relevant Jurisdictions or 
elsewhere.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could 
be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries.  This summary is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The following summary discusses the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of 
the Notes.  Except as specifically noted below, this discussion applies only to: 
• 
Notes purchased on original issuance at their “issue price” (as defined below); 
• 
Notes held as capital assets; and 
• 
U.S. Holders (as defined below). 
This discussion assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective investors should note, however, that the classification of an instrument as debt or equity is highly factual, and 
it is possible that Notes might be issued that might be classified as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  No rulings 
have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) with respect to the classification of the 
Notes in general or with respect to any particular Notes.  Prospective investors should consult their own advisors with 
respect to the proper classification of the Notes and the consequences of investing in any Notes that are not classified as 
debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including whether any such Notes might be considered to be interests in a 
passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could have materially adverse 
consequences for U.S. taxable investors. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant in light of a holder’s particular 
circumstances or to Noteholders subject to special rules, such as: 
• 
financial institutions; 
• 
insurance companies; 
• 
dealers in securities or currencies; 
• 
persons holding Notes as part of a hedging transaction, “straddle”, conversion transaction or other integrated 
transaction; 
• 
former citizens or residents of the United States; 
• 
U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; or 
• 
partnerships or entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended to the date hereof (the “Code”), administrative 
pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, as of the day hereof, 
changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described below.  
Persons considering the purchase of the Notes should consult their tax advisers with regard to the application of the U.S. 
federal income tax laws to their particular situations (including the application of the alternative minimum tax, special tax 
accounting rules that apply to accrual basis taxpayers under Section 451(b) of the Code and the Medicare tax on net 
investment income) as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign taxing jurisdiction. 
This summary does not discuss Bearer Notes.  In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes significant limitations on 
U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income and other 
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Bearer Notes. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
• 
a citizen or individual resident of the United States;

--- Page 140 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 125 - 
 
 
• 
a corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of 
Columbia; 
• 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
• 
a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the 
trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 
A “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of Notes that is not a U.S. Holder and is not an entity or arrangement treated 
as a partnership for U.S federal income tax purposes. 
If an entity or arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Notes, the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and upon the activities of the 
partnership.  Partners of such entities or arrangements holding Notes should consult with their tax advisers regarding the 
tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. 
Payments of Stated Interest 
Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in 
accordance with the U.S. Holder of a Note’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided that the 
interest is “qualified stated interest” (as defined below). 
Interest income (including original issue discount, as discussed below) earned by a U.S. Holder with respect to a Note will 
constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant in calculating the U.S. 
Holder’s foreign tax credit limitation.  The rules regarding foreign tax credits are complex and prospective investors should 
consult their tax advisors about the application of such rules to them in their particular circumstances.  Special rules 
governing the treatment of interest paid with respect to original issue discount notes and foreign currency notes are 
described under “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Original Issue Discount”, “Taxation – United States 
Federal Income Taxation – Contingent Payment Debt Instruments” and “Taxation – United States Federal Income 
Taxation – Foreign Currency Notes”. 
Original Issue Discount 
A Note that has an “issue price” that is less than its “stated redemption price at maturity” will be considered to have been 
issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred to as an “original issue 
discount Note”) unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as described below) or is a short-term Note (as defined 
below).  The “issue price” of a Note generally will be the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to 
the public (which does not include sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity 
of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers). However, in the case of Notes issued in a further issuance that is a 
"qualified reopening" for U.S. federal income tax purposes, their price will be equal to the issue price of the original 
Certificates in the relevant Series. The “stated redemption price at maturity” of a Note generally will equal the sum of all 
payments required to be made under the Note other than payments of “qualified stated interest”. “Qualified stated interest” 
is stated interest unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually during the entire 
term of the Note and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Note multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest.  In 
addition, qualified stated interest includes, among other things, stated interest on a “variable rate debt instrument” that is 
unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the issuer) at least annually at a single qualified floating rate of 
interest or at a rate that is determined at a single fixed formula that is based on objective financial or economic information.  
A rate is a qualified floating rate if variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous 
fluctuations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. 
If the difference between a Note’s stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de minimis amount, 
i.e., 0.25% of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to maturity, the Note will 
not be considered to have original issue discount.  An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than 
qualified stated interest before maturity (an “instalment obligation”) will be treated as issued with not less than a de 
minimis discount if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater 
than 0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note.  A 
Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than 
a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made 
multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the 
Note’s stated redemption price at maturity.  U.S. Holders of Notes with less than a de minimis amount of original issue 
discount will include this original issue discount in income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are 
made on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder of original discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest payments in income in 
accordance with the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  U.S. Holders of original

--- Page 141 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 126 - 
 
 
issue discount Notes that mature more than one year from their date of issuance will be required to include original issue 
discount in income for U.S. federal tax purposes as it accrues in accordance with a constant yield method based on a 
compounding of interest, regardless of whether cash attributable to this income is received. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note (including stated 
interest, original issue discount, de minimis original issue discount, market discount, de minimis market discount and 
unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium or acquisition premium) in accordance with a constant 
yield method based on the compounding of interest, and may revoke such election only with the permission of the IRS (a 
“constant yield election”). 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a “short-term Note”) will be treated as being issued at a 
discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated interest.  In general, a cash method 
U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to accrue the discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects 
to do so. U.S. Holders who so elect and certain other U.S. Holders, including those who report income on the accrual 
method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are required to include the discount in income as it accrues on 
a straight-line basis, unless another election is made to accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on 
daily compounding.  In the case of a U.S. Holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the discount in 
income currently, any gain realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note will be ordinary income to 
the extent of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant yield method based on 
daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or retirement.  In addition, those U.S. Holders will be required to 
defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry short-term Notes in an amount not 
exceeding the accrued discount until the accrued discount is included in income. 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. Holders may have an unconditional option to require the 
Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date.  Under applicable regulations, if the Issuer has an unconditional 
option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will be presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any 
date on which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity date and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the 
terms of the Note as the stated redemption price at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to maturity.  
If the U.S. Holders have an unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this 
option will be presumed to be exercised if making the same assumptions as those set forth in the previous sentence, the 
yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to maturity.  If this option is not in fact exercised, the Note would be treated 
solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and a new Note were issued, on the 
presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note’s adjusted issue price on that date.  The adjusted issue price of an 
original issue discount Note is defined as the sum of the issue price of the Note and the aggregate amount of previously 
accrued original issue discount, less any prior payments other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note (other than a short-term Note) for an amount that is less than its stated redemption price 
at maturity or, in the case of an original issue discount Note, its adjusted issue price, the amount of the difference will be 
treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless this difference is less than a specified de minimis 
amount. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount Note, any 
payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, retirement or other 
disposition of a Note, including disposition in certain non-recognition transactions, as foreign source ordinary income to 
the extent of the market discount accrued on the Note at the time of the payment or disposition unless this market discount 
has been previously included in income by the U.S. Holder pursuant to an election by the U.S. Holder to include market 
discount in income as it accrues, or pursuant to a constant yield election by the U.S. Holder (as described under “Taxation 
– United States Federal Income Taxation – Original Issue Discount”).  In addition, the U.S. Holder may be required to 
defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier disposition (including certain non-taxable transactions), the deduction of 
all or a portion of the interest expense on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such Note. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – 
Original Issue Discount”) for a Note with market discount, such election will result in a deemed election for all market 
discount bonds acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies. 
Acquisition Premium and Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder who purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the Note’s adjusted issue price but less than or equal 
to the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated interest will 
be considered to have purchased the Note at an acquisition premium.  Under the acquisition premium rules, the amount of 
original issue discount that the U.S. Holder must include in its gross income with respect to the Note for any taxable year 
will be reduced by the portion of acquisition premium properly allocable to that year.

--- Page 142 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 127 - 
 
 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the amount payable at maturity, or on the earlier call 
date, in the case of a Note that is redeemable at the relevant Issuer’s option, the U.S. Holder will be considered to have 
purchased the Note with amortisable bond premium equal in amount to the excess of the purchase price over the amount 
payable at maturity.  The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise this premium, using a constant yield method, over the remaining 
term of the Note (where the Note is not optionally redeemable prior to its maturity date).  If the Note may be optionally 
redeemed prior to maturity after the U.S. Holder has acquired it, the amount of amortisable bond premium is determined 
by substituting the call date for the maturity date and the call price for the amount payable at maturity only if the substitution 
results in a smaller amount of premium attributable to the period before the redemption date.  A U.S. Holder who elects to 
amortise bond premium must reduce his tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium amortised in any year.  An 
election to amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations then owned and thereafter acquired by the U.S. 
Holder and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – 
Original Issue Discount”) for a Note with amortisable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to 
amortise bond premium for all of the U.S. Holder’s debt instruments with amortisable bond premium. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note.  A 
U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the acquisition cost of the Note increased by the amount of 
original issue discount and market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s gross income with respect to the Note and the 
amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis original issue discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with 
respect to the Note, and decreased by any bond premium or acquisition premium previously amortised and the amount of 
any payment received from the Issuer other than a payment of qualified stated interest.  Gain or loss, if any, will generally 
be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a U.S. Holder’s foreign tax credit limitation.  For these purposes, the 
amount realised does not include any amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest on the Note.  Amounts attributable 
to accrued but unpaid interest are treated as interest as described under “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation 
– Payments of stated Interest”. 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will generally be capital gain 
or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or retirement the Note has been held for 
more than one year.  Exceptions to this general rule apply to the extent of any accrued market discount or, in the case of a 
short-term Note, to the extent of any accrued discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder’s taxable income.  See 
“Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Original Issue Discount” and “Taxation – United States Federal 
Income Taxation – Market Discount”.  In addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of foreign currency 
Notes, and contingent payment debt instruments.  See “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation –Foreign 
Currency Notes” and “Taxation – United States Federal Income Taxation – Contingent Payment Debt Instruments”.  The 
deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments (including Notes 
with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as “variable rate debt instruments” for purposes of the original issue discount 
rules) they will be “contingent payment debt instruments” for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Under the rules that 
govern the treatment of contingent payment debt instruments, no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated 
interest.  Rather, a U.S. Holder must account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a “comparable 
yield” and the differences between actual payments on the Note and the Note’s “projected payment schedule” as described 
below.  The comparable yield is determined by the relevant Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes.  The comparable 
yield may be greater than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the Notes.  Solely for the purpose of 
determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue on a contingent payment debt 
instrument, we will be required to construct a “projected payment schedule” that represents a series of payments the amount 
and timing of which would produce a yield to maturity on the contingent payment debt instrument equal to the comparable 
yield. The Issuer's determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and it is possible that the IRS could conclude that 
some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule should be used instead. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the Issuer regarding the 
actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule established by us in determining interest accruals and adjustments in respect of an optionally exchangeable Note, 
unless the U.S. Holder timely discloses and justifies the use of a different comparable yield and projected payment schedule 
to the IRS.

--- Page 143 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 128 - 
 
 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will be required 
to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, adjusted upward or downward 
to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount of any contingent payments on the contingent 
payment instrument (as set forth below). 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive adjustment, i.e., the 
excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year.  
A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment 
debt instrument for a taxable year: 
• 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a Noteholder 
would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and 
• 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess as does not exceed 
the excess of: 
• 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt instrument, over 
• 
the total amount of the U.S. Holder’s net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on the contingent 
payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the two per cent. floor limitation imposed on miscellaneous deductions when 
such deductions are once again available for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2026.  Any net negative adjustment 
in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to offset future interest income in respect of the contingent 
payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment debt 
instrument.  Where a U.S. Holder purchases a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue 
price, the difference between the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily 
portions of interest or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining term 
and treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which it is allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise 
taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. 
Holder’s adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument.  A U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in a Note that is a 
contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the acquisition cost of the Note, increased by the interest previously 
accrued by the U.S. Holder on the Note under these rules, disregarding any net positive and net negative adjustments, and 
decreased by the amount of any non-contingent payments and the projected amount of any contingent payments previously 
made on the Note.  A U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to the 
extent of the excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments previously taken into 
account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss.  The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a contingent payment 
debt instrument including in satisfaction of a conversion right or a call right equal to the fair market value of the property, 
determined at the time of retirement.  The U.S. Holder’s holding period for the property will commence on the day 
immediately following its receipt. 
Special rules apply to contingent payment debt instruments that are denominated, or provide for payments, in a currency 
other than the U.S. dollar (“Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments”).  Very generally, these instruments are 
accounted for like a contingent debt instrument, as described above, but in the currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent 
Debt Instruments.  The relevant amounts must then be translated into U.S. dollar equivalents.  The rules applicable to 
Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments are complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors 
regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of such instruments. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The following discussion summarises the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of the ownership 
and disposition of Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than the U.S. dollar or the payments of interest 
or principal on which are payable in a currency other than the U.S. dollar (“foreign currency Notes”). 
The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange or other 
disposition of a foreign currency Note to be re-characterised as ordinary income or loss.  The rules applicable to foreign 
currency Notes are complex and may depend on the U.S. Holder’s particular U.S. federal income tax situation.  For 
example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a U.S. Holder should make any of these elections 
may depend on the U.S. Holder’s particular U.S. federal income tax situation.  U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of foreign currency 
Notes.

--- Page 144 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 129 - 
 
 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated interest in a foreign 
currency with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the foreign 
currency payment (determined on the date the payment is received) regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted 
to U.S. dollars at the time, and this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the foreign currency.  A cash 
method U.S. Holder who receives a payment of qualified stated interest in U.S. dollars pursuant to an option available 
under such Note will be required to include the amount of this payment in income upon receipt. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount of interest income 
(including original issue discount or market discount, but reduced by acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium, 
to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be taken into account with respect to a foreign 
currency Note during an accrual period.  The U.S. dollar value of the accrued income will be determined by translating the 
income at the average rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable 
years, at the average rate for the partial period within the taxable year.  The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary income or 
loss with respect to accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received.  The amount of ordinary income 
or loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment received 
(determined on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period (or, where a U.S. Holder receives U.S. 
dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. dollar value of interest income that has 
accrued during the accrual period (as determined above).  Rules similar to these rules apply in the case of a cash method 
taxpayer required to currently accrue original issue discount or market discount. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including original issue discount) into U.S. dollars 
at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial accrual period, the spot rate on the 
last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, 
the spot rate on the date of receipt.  A U.S. Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments 
from year to year and cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
Original issue discount, market discount, acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium on a foreign currency Note 
are to be determined in the relevant foreign currency.  Where the taxpayer elects to include market discount in income 
currently, the amount of market discount will be determined for any accrual period in the relevant foreign currency and 
then translated into U.S. dollars on the basis of the average rate in effect during the accrual period.  Exchange gain or loss 
realised with respect to such accrued market discount shall be determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued 
interest described above. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a current basis shall 
reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency.  Exchange gain or loss is realised on amortised bond 
premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium amortised in the period in the same manner as on the 
sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note.  Any exchange gain or loss will be ordinary income or loss as 
described below. 
If the election is not made, any loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note with amortisable 
bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not elected to amortise the premium will be a capital loss to the extent of the bond 
premium. 
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a foreign currency Note, and the amount of any subsequent adjustment to the U.S. Holder’s 
tax basis, will be the U.S. dollar value amount of the foreign currency amount paid for such foreign currency Note, or of 
the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the date of the purchase or adjustment.  A U.S. Holder who 
purchases a foreign currency Note with previously owned foreign currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an 
amount equal to the difference, if any, between such U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the foreign currency and the U.S. dollar fair 
market value of the foreign currency Note on the date of purchase. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note that is attributable to fluctuation in 
currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated as interest income or expense.  Gain or 
loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the difference between:  (i) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign 
currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of; and (ii) 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired 
the Note.  Payments received attributable to accrued interest will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to 
payments of interest on foreign currency Notes described above.  The foreign currency gain or loss will be recognised only 
to the extent of the total gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency 
Note.  The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will be determined by reference to the residence of the U.S. Holder 
or the “qualified business unit” of the U.S. Holder on whose books the Note is properly reflected.  Any gain or loss realised 
by these U.S. Holders in excess of the foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss except to the extent of any 
accrued market discount or, in the case of short-term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. 
Holder’s income.  U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of receiving 
payments in a currency different from the currency in which payments with respect to such Note accrue.

--- Page 145 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 130 - 
 
 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign 
currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, determined at the time of sale, exchange or retirement.  
A cash method taxpayer who buys or sells a foreign currency Note is required to translate units of foreign currency paid or 
received into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale.  Accordingly, no exchange gain or 
loss will result from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date of the purchase or sale.  An accrual 
method taxpayer may elect the same treatment for all purchases and sales of foreign currency obligations, provided that 
the Notes are traded on an established securities market.  This election cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS.  
Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency (including its exchange for 
U.S. dollars or its use to purchase foreign currency Notes) will be ordinary income or loss. 
Benchmark Amendments 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may in certain cases change the reference rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (such change, a “Benchmark Amendment”).  It is possible 
that a Benchmark Amendment will be treated as a deemed exchange of old notes for new notes, which may be taxable to 
U.S. Holders, or may affect the calculation of original issue discount.  U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax 
advisors regarding the potential consequences of a Benchmark Amendment. 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
Subject to the backup withholding and FATCA rules described below, a Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject 
to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any payments on the Notes and gain from the sale, redemption or other 
disposition of the Notes unless:  (i) that payment and/or gain is effectively connected with the conduct by that Non-U.S. 
Holder of a trade or business in the U.S.; (ii) in the case of any gain realised on the sale or exchange of a Note by an 
individual Non-U.S. Holder, that holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale, 
exchange or retirement and certain other conditions are met; or (iii) the Non-U.S. Holder is subject to tax pursuant to 
provisions of the Code applicable to certain expatriates. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds from a sale or 
other disposition of the Notes.  A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on these payments if it fails to 
provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and comply with certain certification procedures or otherwise 
establish an exemption from backup withholding.  The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder 
will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle them to a refund, 
provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.  Non-U.S. Holders may be required to comply with 
applicable certification procedures to establish that they are not U.S. Holders in order to avoid the application of such 
information reporting requirements and backup withholding. 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its participation to the IRS.  The 
scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear.  A U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange 
loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if the loss exceeds U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year if the U.S. Holder 
is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other U.S. Holders.  In the event the acquisition, ownership or disposition 
of Notes constitutes participation in a “reportable transaction” for purposes of these rules, a U.S. Holder will be required 
to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS.  Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the application of these rules to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes. 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” that meet certain U.S. dollar value thresholds generally 
are required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns.  The Notes generally will 
constitute specified foreign financial assets subject to these reporting requirements unless the Notes are held in an account 
at certain financial institutions.  U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these 
disclosure requirements to their ownership of the Notes. Failure to comply with certain reporting obligations could result 
in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and may not be 
applicable depending upon a U.S. Holder’s particular situation.  U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership and disposition of the Notes, including the tax 
consequences under state, local, foreign and other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or 
other tax laws.

--- Page 146 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 131 - 
 
 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons 
that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution 
for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
publication of the final regulations defining “foreign passthru payment” and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published generally 
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if 
additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s proposal”) for a Directive for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each 
other than Estonia, a “participating Member State”).  However, Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be 
exempt. 
Under the Commission’s proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A financial institution may be, or be 
deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including:  (i) by transacting 
with a person established in a participating Member State; or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 147 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 132 - 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Section 406 of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and Section 4975 of 
the Code, prohibit certain transactions involving:  (i)(a) “employee benefit plans” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) 
that are subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) “plans” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with (a), 
“Plans”), or (c) any entity whose underlying assets include, or are deemed to include under the U.S. Department of Labor 
regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset Regulation”), “plan assets” 
by reason of such Plan’s investment in the entity (each of (a), (b) or (c), a “Benefit Plan Investor”); and (ii) persons who 
have certain specified relationships to such Plans (“parties in interest” under Section 3(14) of ERISA and “disqualified 
persons” under Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code; collectively, “Parties in Interest”), unless an exemption is available.  A 
violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules may result in the imposition of an excise tax, the rescission of the applicable 
transaction or other liabilities under ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code for such persons, unless relief is available 
under an applicable statutory or administrative exemption.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions 
of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may apply depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making 
the decision to acquire a Note and the circumstances under which such decision is made.  Included among these exemptions 
are Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to purchase and sale of securities and 
related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the securities nor its affiliate has or exercises any 
discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the assets of any Plan involved in the 
transaction (in other words, not a fiduciary) and provided further that the Plan pays no more than, and receives no less than, 
“adequate consideration” in connection with the transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 95-60 
(relating to investments by insurance company general accounts), PTCE 91-38 (relating to investments by bank collective 
investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a “qualified professional asset manager”), PTCE 
90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions 
determined by an in-house asset manager).  There can be no assurance that any of these class exemptions or any other 
exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) 
and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions 
of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless 
be subject to federal, state or local, or non-U.S., laws or regulations which are substantially similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”).  Fiduciaries of such plans 
should consult with their counsel before they purchase any of the Notes or any interest therein. 
Under the Plan Asset Regulation, when a Benefit Plan Investor acquires 25 per cent. or more of the total value of any class 
of equity in an entity interests, the underlying assets owned by that entity will be treated as if they were plan assets of such 
Benefit Plan Investors, unless an exception applies.  For purposes of this calculation, the value of any equity interests in an 
entity held by (i) persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors), that have discretionary authority or control over, or that 
provide investment advice for a fee (directly or indirectly), with respect to the assets of the entity or (ii) “affiliates” within 
the meaning of paragraph (f)(3) of the Plan Asset Regulation (other than Benefit Plan Investors) of the foregoing (i) persons 
are excluded.  If the assets of the Issuer were deemed to be plan assets of a Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer would be 
subject to certain fiduciary obligations under ERISA, and certain transactions that the Issuer might enter into, or may have 
entered into, in the ordinary course of business might constitute or result in non-exempt prohibited transactions under 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. 
Although no assurance can be given, the Notes issued should not be considered “equity interests” for purposes of the Plan 
Asset Regulation and the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as indebtedness.  Nevertheless, prohibited transactions within the 
meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may arise if any of the Notes are acquired by a Benefit Plan 
Investor with respect to which any of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arrangers or any of their respective affiliates 
(“Transaction Parties”) is considered a Party in Interest.  Accordingly, each purchaser and transferee of any Note (or any 
interest therein) will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree that either:  (a) it is not and for so long as it holds such 
Note (or any interest therein) will not be and will not be acting on behalf of, or with the assets of, a Benefit Plan Investor 
or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan that is subject to any Similar Law; or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition 
of such Note or of any interest therein, will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or, in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any 
applicable Similar Law.  Any purported purchase or transfer of such a Note (or any interest therein) that does not comply 
with the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio. 
Each purchaser or transferee of any Note or any interest in any Note that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to have 
represented by its acquisition that:  (1) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or 
investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or any fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan 
Investor or who otherwise has discretion or control over the investment and management of “plan assets” (a “Plan 
Fiduciary”)in connection with the decision to acquire any interest in the Notes; (2) none of the Transaction Parties is 
undertaking to act as a “fiduciary” within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code to the

--- Page 148 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 133 - 
 
 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor’s acquisition of any interest in the 
Notes; and (3) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
This Base Prospectus is not directed to any particular purchaser, nor does it address the needs of any particular purchaser.  
None of the Transaction Parties shall provide any advice or recommendation with respect to the management of any 
purchase of Notes or the advisability of acquiring, holding, disposing or exchanging of any Notes.

--- Page 149 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 134 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Limited,  Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan 
Securities plc, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Standard Chartered Bank and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (the “Dealers”).  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time 
be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 27 September 
2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer 
and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-syndicated” 
and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the 
fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than 
one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of 
those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price 
at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable 
or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes:  (i) as part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except  pursuant to Rule 144A or another exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and such Dealer will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, as further specified in the Dealer Agreement. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as described 
above, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that each Arranger, or any other Dealer, may directly or through its respective agents or 
affiliates arrange for the resale of Restricted Registered Notes in the United States only to qualified institutional buyers 
pursuant to Rule 144A who are also qualified purchasers as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company 
Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 150 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 135 - 
 
 
a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors:  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees:  at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers:  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include the legend 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of current 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 151 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 136 - 
 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(1) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(2) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
General compliance:  it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge 
that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes.  Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree 
that:  (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or from Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FINSA”) and no application has or will be made by it to admit any Notes 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; (ii) neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood 
pursuant to FINSA; and (iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Sultanate of Oman 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market Authority of 
Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Law (Sultani Decree 80/98, as amended) (“Article 3”), will not 
be offered or sold by it as an offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Sultani Decree 18/19, as amended) or Article 3, nor does it constitute a sukuk offering 
pursuant to the Sukuk Regulation issued by the Capital Market Authority of Oman (CMA Decision 3/2016); and 
(ii) 
the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered by it and no invitation to subscribe for or to 
purchase the Notes has been or will be made by it, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material 
in connection therewith be distributed in the Sultanate of Oman to any person in the Sultanate of  Oman other than 
by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman to market non-Omani securities in the

--- Page 152 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 137 - 
 
 
Sultanate of Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including Article 139 of 
the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the Notes.  Any 
investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a “Saudi Investor”) who acquires any Notes pursuant 
to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement under Article 8 of the “Rules on the Offer of 
Securities and Continuing Obligations” as issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority (the “CMA”) resolution 
number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017 (as amended by the CMA resolution number 3-6-2024 dated 05/07/1444H 
(corresponding to 17 January 2024), the “KSA Regulations”), made through a capital market institution licensed to carry 
out arranging activities by the CMA under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than to 
“institutional and qualified clients” under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under Article 
9 of the KSA Regulations.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in 
compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market offer” pursuant 
to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 14 of the KSA 
Regulations. 
Although HSBC Bank plc is appointed as Dealer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement and may be appointed as a manager 
pursuant to the relevant subscription agreement, HSBC Saudi Arabia, which is a Capital Market Institution licensed by the 
CMA, will be the relevant legal entity for all regulated activities in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia relating to the issuance 
of any Notes, including offering and related applications to the CMA. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell any Notes except on a 
private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. 
For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means: 
(i) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more (excluding 
that person’s principal place of residence); 
(ii) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for investment 
of not less than U.S.$1,000,000;  
(iii) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state organisation 
whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund); or 
(iv) 
any other entity which is an “accredited investor” as defined in the Central Bank of Bahrain Rulebook. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International 
Financial Centre) other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre) governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the DIFC unless such offer is: 
(i) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority rulebook (the “DFSA Rulebook”); and 
(ii) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of Business 
Module of the DFSA Rulebook.

--- Page 153 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 138 - 
 
 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly 
or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except:  (i) in compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or 
corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in 
respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre).   
This Base Prospectus:  (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may 
not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the original 
recipient only and must not be provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase 
of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  (i) to an institutional investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; or (ii) to an  accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 
25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”).  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and 
that it will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except 
for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong 
Kong (the “SFO”)) other than:  (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, in each case, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other 
than with respect to any Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or 
only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the People's Republic of China 
(for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan) (“PRC”), except as 
permitted by the securities laws of the PRC. This Base Prospectus and any information contained or incorporated by

--- Page 154 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 139 - 
 
 
reference herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. This 
Base Prospectus, any information contained herein or the Notes have not been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, 
verified by or registered with the China Securities Regulatory Commission ("CSRC") or other relevant governmental 
authorities in the PRC and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the 
subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. 
The Notes may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the Notes of the 
type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory 
approvals/licenses, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, any which may be required 
from the People's Bank of China, the State of Administration of Foreign Exchange, CSRC, the National Administration of 
Financial Regulation and other relevant regulatory bodies or successors of the aforementioned regulatory bodies, and 
complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or 
overseas investment regulations. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus, any Drawdown Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 155 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 140 - 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Bearer Notes or Unrestricted Registered Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and 
each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged 
that: 
(i) 
it is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and: 
(a) 
it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S); 
and 
(b) 
it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(ii) 
it understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, prior to 
the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), it will not offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such Notes except: 
(a) 
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or 
(b) 
to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
in the case of Unrestricted Registered Notes only, in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and 
any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB who is also a QP purchasing for its own 
account or the account of a QIB who is also a QP, 
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; 
(iii) 
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Notes represented by an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate may be transferred to a person who wishes to 
hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate only upon receipt by the Registrar of a 
written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in Schedule 15 (Form of Transfer Certificate) to the Agency 
Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who 
is also a QP, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws 
of any state of the United States. 
Notes represented by an interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate may also be transferred to a person who wishes to 
hold such Notes in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate, but only upon receipt by the Registrar 
of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in Schedule 15 (Form of Transfer Certificate) to the Agency 
Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144A (if available) under 
the Securities Act. 
Any interest in a Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in a Note represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate will, upon transfer, cease 
to be an interest in a Note represented by an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate and become an interest in a Note 
represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions 
and other procedures applicable to Notes represented by a Restricted Global Note Certificate. 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Registered Notes in reliance on Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus, 
will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows (terms used in the following paragraphs that are 
defined in Rule 144A have the respective meanings given to them in Rule 144A): 
(i) 
the purchaser is:  (a) a QIB who is also a QP; (b) acquiring the Notes for its own account or for the account of one 
or more QIBs who are also QPs; (c) not formed for the purpose of investing in the Notes or the Issuer; and (d) is 
aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised that the sale of the Notes to it is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A; 
(ii) 
the purchaser understands that:  (a) the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except:  (1) in accordance with Rule 144A to a 
person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP purchasing for

--- Page 156 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 141 - 
 
 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs; (2) in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; (3) pursuant to an exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (if available); (4) pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act; or (5) to the Issuer or any of its affiliates, in each case in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; and (b) it will, and each 
subsequent holder of the Restricted Registered Notes is required to, notify any purchaser of the Restricted 
Registered Notes from it of the resale restrictions applicable to the Restricted Registered Notes; 
(iii) 
the purchaser understands that the Restricted Global Note Certificate and any restricted Individual Note Certificate 
(a “Restricted Individual Note Certificate”) will bear a legend to the following effect, unless the relevant Issuer 
determines otherwise in accordance with applicable law: 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR ANY 
SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES.  THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY 
PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER 
THAT THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BE REOFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND ONLY:  (1) PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO 
A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A WHO IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED 
PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A PERSON PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHO IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER WHOM THE 
HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE) OR (4) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AFFILIATES. 
(iv) 
if it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs the purchaser represents that it 
has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account; and 
(v) 
the purchaser understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon 
the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Note Certificate or a Restricted Individual Note 
Certificate, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the Issuer will deliver only a Restricted Global Note 
Certificate or one or more Restricted Individual Note Certificates that bear such legend or will refuse to remove such 
legend, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory evidence (which may include a legal 
opinion) as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein 
are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Any interest in a Restricted Global Note Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an 
interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in a Restricted Global Note 
Certificate and become an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to 
all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note Certificate. 
Prospective purchasers that are QIBs who are also QPs are hereby notified that sellers of the Restricted Registered 
Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 157 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 142 - 
 
 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
each such administrator’s name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the “ESMA Benchmarks Register”) are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on ESMA 
Benchmarks Register? 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes, European Money Markets Institute is 
authorised under Article 34 of the Benchmark 
Regulation 
SHIBOR 
The National Interbank Funding Center 
No 
HIBOR 
Treasury Markets Association 
No 
CNH HIBOR 
Treasury Markets Association 
No 
TLREF 
Borsa Istanbul Index Directorate 
No 
SIBOR 
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte Ltd 
Yes, ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte 
Ltd has equivalence under Article 30 of the 
Benchmark Regulation 
EIBOR 
UAE Central Bank 
No 
TIBOR 
JBA TIBOR Administration 
No 
SAIBOR 
Saudi Arabia Monetary Authority 
No 
BBSW 
ASX Benchmarks Limited 
Yes, 
ASX 
Benchmarks 
Limited 
has 
equivalence under Article 30 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation 
PRIBOR 
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. 
Yes, Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. 
is authorised under Article 34 of the Benchmark 
Regulation 
SOFR 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
No 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SHIBOR, HIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TLREF, EIBOR, TIBOR, 
SAIBOR and SOFR are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation.  As far as the Issuer is aware, EIBOR does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation.  As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that The National Interbank Funding Center, Treasury Markets Association, Banks 
Association of Turkey, Association of Banks in Singapore, JBA TIBOR Administration, Saudi Arabia Monetary Authority 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 158 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 143 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 14 April 
2018 and 27 February 2021, respectively.  The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
2. 
Listing 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or 
more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche.  Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the 
Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. 
3. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
4. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been: (i) no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or of the 
Group since 30 June 2024; and (ii) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Group, in 
each case, since 31 December 2023. 
5. 
Independent Auditors 
The 2023 Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Public Accountants, independent auditor, as stated in their report incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
With respect to the Interim Financial Information, PwC have reported that it has applied limited procedures in 
accordance with professional standards for a review of such information. PwC's report dated 22 August 2024 
(which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) states that PwC did not audit and that it does not 
express an opinion on such unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on PwC's report 
on such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
The business address of PricewaterhouseCoopers – Public Accountants is Kingdom Tower, P.O. Box 8282, 
Riyadh 11482, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. PricewaterhouseCoopers – Public Accountants is registered with the 
Saudi Organisation for Chartered and Professional Accountants, the professional body that oversees audit firms 
in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.]10 
The 2022 Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by KPMG 
Fakhro, independent auditors, as stated in their report incorporated by reference.  KPMG Fakhro conducted its 
audits in respect of the 2022 Financial Statements and 2021 Financial Statements in accordance with the 
International Standards on Auditing issued by the International Federation of Accountants through the 
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. 
The business address of KPMG Fakhro is Fakhro Tower, 12th Floor, P.O. Box 710, Manama, Kingdom of 
Bahrain.  KPMG Fakhro is registered with the Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism in Bahrain.  Some 
of the professionals of KPMG Fakhro are members in the Bahrain Accountants Association and/or international 
other professional bodies. 
 
10 W&C Note to PwC: Please review and let us know your comments.

--- Page 159 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 144 - 
 
 
6. 
Documents on Display 
For the period of 12 months following from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
(together with English translations thereof where the documents in question are not in English) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London: 
(a) 
the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
the Establishing Agreement; 
(c) 
the Issuer’s registration certificate number 2050003977 dated 5/11/1396H (corresponding to 29 October 
1976); 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses or information memoranda and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein. 
The document(s) listed above in: 
• 
paragraph (a) 
will 
also 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
APICORP 
at:  
https://www.apicorp.org/investor-relations/; 
• 
paragraph (b) 
will 
also 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
APICORP 
at:  
https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/APICORP-EAS-G-EN.pdf; 
• 
paragraph (c) 
will 
also 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
APICORP 
at:  
https://www.apicorp.org/wp-content/uploads/APICORP-CR-ENG-2020.10.pdf; 
• 
paragraph (d) 
will 
also 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
APICORP 
at:  
https://www.apicorp.org/investor-relations/; and 
• 
paragraph (e) 
will 
also 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
APICORP 
at:  
https://www.apicorp.org/investor-relations/. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the above-mentioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short 
Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) and/or the Committee on 
Uniform Security Identification Procedures (CUSIP) Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
8. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process 
for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, 
the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the 
relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have 
already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue 
date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not an indication of future yield. 
9. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 213800A54KIUYH5YD185.

--- Page 160 ---
EMEA 151488807 
- 145 - 
 
 
10. 
Issuer Website 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.apicorp.org/.  Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
Validity of this Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
12. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer (and its affiliates) in the 
ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions 
for these transactions.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or 
its affiliates (including the Notes).  The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of Notes (subject to 
customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer or its affiliates, as the case may be, consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes.  
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes.  The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.  See also “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 161 ---
EMEA 151488807 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation 
7116 Prince Turki Ibn Abdulaziz Al Awal Road 
4400 Al Malqa District, 
Riyadh 13523 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
 
DEALERS 
Merrill Lynch International  
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch 
1 Lothbury,  
London,  
EC2R 7DB 
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
c/o Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
Level 7-04 ICD Brookfield Place 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) 
P.O. Box:  506710 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates  
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London 
EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
England 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 
Luxembourg

--- Page 162 ---
EMEA 151488807 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to United States law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
ICD Brookfield Place, Level 32 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom  
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to United States law 
White & Case LLP 
ICD Brookfield Place, Al Mustaqbal Street      
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9705 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street      
London 
EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
For the financial periods 
 prior to 1 January 2023 
 
KPMG Fakhro 
Fakhro Tower 
12th Floor 
P.O. Box 710 
Manama 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
For the financial periods 
 commencing 1 January 2023 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers – Public Accountants 
Kingdom Tower, 
P.O. Box 8282 
Riyadh 11482 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland