--- Page 1 ---
1 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Hellenic Republic) 
€15 billion Covered Bond Programme II 
Under this €15 billion covered bond programme II (the “Programme”), National Bank of Greece S.A. (the “Issuer”, “NBG” or the “Bank”) may 
from time to time issue bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined 
below). 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
“CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Base 
Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Law of 16 July 2019, as amended (the “Luxembourg Law on 
Prospectuses for Securities”). Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Covered Bonds 
that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. By 
approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”).  
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and are intended to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (“Directive 2014/65/EU”). 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €15 billion (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds will constitute direct 
and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, having recourse to assets forming part of the cover pool (the “Cover Pool”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each 
a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue and, in relation to an issue of Covered Bonds 
subscribed by one Dealer, be to such Dealer. 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect 
of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Series or 
Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of Covered Bonds will be set out in a separate document specific to that 
Series or Tranche called the final terms (each, a “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Covered Bonds to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates which may constitute benchmarks for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”), including one of LIBOR or EURIBOR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus,  the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR) is not included 
in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR) is not 
currently required to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 
2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will have the rating set out in the applicable Final Terms by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. 
or its successor (“Moody’s”) or by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or its successor (“S&P”) (or such other ratings that may be agreed by the 
Rating Agencies from time to time). A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation.  
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. Investors should review and consider these risk 
factors carefully before purchasing any Covered Bonds. 
Arrangers 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
UBS Investment Bank 
Dealers 
National Bank of Greece S.A.   UBS Investment Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 March 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and declares that, having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
its import.  
Copies of each Final Terms (in the case of Covered Bonds to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange) will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the 
Paying Agents for the time being in London or in Luxembourg at the office of the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds may be issued without the prior consent of the holders of 
any outstanding Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bondholders”) subject to the terms and conditions set out 
herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (the “Conditions”) as completed by the Final 
Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which is the 
subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. All Covered 
Bonds will rank pari passu and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves, irrespective 
of their Series, except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Issuer confirmed to each Dealer named under “General Description of the Programme” below that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Covered Bonds) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is 
not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit 
to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the 
context of the Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
Neither the Arrangers nor any Dealers nor the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the 
whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts 
any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, and 
each Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see “Subscription and Sale”. In 
particular, Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Covered Bonds may be offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered 
Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able 
to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €15 billion (and for this purpose, the principal amount outstanding of any 
Covered Bonds denominated in another currency shall be converted into euro at the date of the agreement to 
issue such Covered Bonds (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement)). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds which may be outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Programme Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area and references to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union (“EMU”) 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to “Greece” or to the “Greek State” are to the Hellenic Republic. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, all references to “laws”, “regulations” and “directives”, 
refer to such “laws”, “regulations” and “directives” as amended from time to time. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), as defined 
in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in 
regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not recognised as 
financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), are used by the management 
of the Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. In particular: 
(i). 
Non-Performing Loans (“NPLs”) ratio or 90 days past due ratio. Loans and advances to customers 
that are in arrears for 90 days or more divided by loans before allowance for impairment at the end of 
the period; 
(ii). 
Loans-to-Deposits Ratio: Net loans and advances to customers over due to customers, at the end of the 
period; and 
(iii). Non-Performing Exposures (“NPE”) ratio. NPEs divided by loans before allowance for impairment 
at the end of the period. The Group defines NPEs, according to EBA ITS Technical Standards on 
Forbearance and Non-Performing Exposures, as exposures that satisfy either or both of the following 
criteria: 
(i) 
material exposures which are more than 90 days past due; and 
(ii) 
the debtor is assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of 
collateral, regardless of the existence of any past due amount or of the number of days past 
due. 
(iv). Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio: CET1 capital as defined by Regulation No. 575/2013, with 
the application of the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
(v). 
Deposits: due to customers. 
(vi). Domestic banking activities: refer to banking business in Greece and include retail, corporate and 
investment banking. Group’s domestic operations include Ethniki Leasing S.A (Ethniki Leasing), 
Probank Leasing S.A. (Probank Leasing) and Ethniki Factors S.A. (Ethniki Factors). 
(vii). Gross loans: loans and advances to customers before Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) allowance for 
impairment on loans and advances to customers and mandatorily at FVTPL. 
(viii). Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”): the LCR refers to the liquidity buffer of High Quality Liquid 
Assets (“HQLAs”) that a Financial Institution holds, in order to withstand net liquidity outflows over a 
30 calendar-day stressed period as per Regulation (EU) 2015/61. 
(ix). Loan Impairments: impairment charge for ECL. 
(x). 
Loans-to-Deposits Ratio: loans and advances to customers over due to customers, at year end.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(xi). Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”): the NSFR refers to the portion of liabilities and capital expected 
to be sustainable over the time horizon considered by the NSFR over the amount of stable funding that 
must be allocated to the various assets, based on their liquidity characteristics and residual maturities. 
(xii). NPE Coverage Ratio: ECL allowance for impairment for loans and advances to customers divided by 
NPE, excluding loans and advances to customers mandatorily classified as FVTPL, at period end. 
(xiii). Risk Weighted Assets (“RWAs”): assets and off-balance-sheet exposures, weighted according to risk 
factors based on Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
(xiv). Risk Adjusted NIM: NIM minus CoR. 
(xv). Total Capital Ratio: total capital as defined by Regulation No. 575/2013, with the application of the 
regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
Investors should be aware that:  
• 
these financial measures are not recognised as a measure of performance under IFRS; and 
• 
they are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and operations but 
are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer, nor are they meant to be predictive of 
future results.  
Furthermore, since companies do not all calculate these measures in an identical manner, the Group’s 
presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance 
should not be placed on any such data. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
the applicable Final Terms may over allot such Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but 
it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation or over allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. Such statements in this Base Prospectus include, 
but are not limited to, statements made under “Risk Factors”, “The Issuer” and “Regulation and Supervision 
of Banks in Greece”. Such statements can be generally identified by the use of terms such as “believes”, 
“expects”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”, “could”, “plans”, “anticipates” and comparable terms, 
including the negatives of such terms. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and 
uncertainty, and the factors described in the context of such forward-looking statements in this Base 
Prospectus could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
implied by such forward-looking statements. The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on their 
management's current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements 
are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Group, including, among other things: 
• 
Recessionary pressure and uncertainty resulting from the Hellenic Republic’s economic crisis and the 
COVID-19 shock have and will continue to have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition; 
• 
The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period and 
legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and the COVID-19 shock may impose further constraints on 
economic activity in Greece; 
• 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-
term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may 
not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic 
Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of further deterioration 
due to the COVID-19 crisis, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects; 
• 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and could lead to a higher cost of funding or the inability of the Issuer to raise 
capital; 
• 
The Issuer’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected 
by, and there may be further material adverse consequences to the Group of, any future downgrades 
of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating; 
• 
High outflows of funds from customer deposits could cause an increase in the Group’s costs of 
funding and if such outflows were to continue it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operating results, financial condition and liquidity prospects; 
• 
If additional European Central Bank (“ECB”) or Emergency Liquidity Assistance (“ELA”) funding 
is needed in the future it will be subject to ECB rules relating to the eligibility and valuation of 
collateral used for funding such as Greek government bonds; 
• 
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes; 
• 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s capital will be sufficient, in particular if economic 
conditions in Greece do not improve or if they deteriorate further; 
• 
There is uncertainty about the Issuer’s ability to continue as a “going concern”; 
• 
As a recipient of state aid, the Issuer’s operational autonomy is constrained; 
• 
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (“HFSF”), as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the 
operation of the Issuer and has and will continue to have the ability to exercise significant influence 
over the Group’s operations; 
• 
The high level of Non-Performing Exposures (“NPEs”) has had and may continue to have in the 
future a negative impact on the Group’s operations;

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 
pandemic that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition; 
• 
The Group’s loan portfolio may continue to contract; 
• 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk; 
• 
Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other 
adverse consequences; 
• 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks; 
• 
The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets; 
• 
The Group’s economic hedging may not prevent losses; 
• 
The Group has incurred and may continue to incur significant losses on its trading and investment 
activities due to market fluctuations and volatility; 
• 
The Group could be exposed to significant future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities; 
• 
The Group, like any other credit institution, is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities of any 
form, which, if not dealt with in a timely manner and successfully, could have negative effects on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects; 
• 
The Group’s operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and 
vulnerable to an increasing risk of continually evolving cyber security or other technological risks 
which could result in the unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client or 
customer information, damage to its reputation, additional costs to the Group, regulatory penalties 
and financial losses; 
• 
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time or may not be 
accurate; 
• 
The loss of senior management may adversely affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategy; 
• 
The Group may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and/or qualified personnel; 
• 
The Group’s business is subject to increasingly complex regulation which may increase its 
compliance costs and capital requirements;  
• 
The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes; 
• 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and may 
result in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the 
resolution of the Group; 
• 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (“MREL”) under 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, the “BRRD”) may 
affect the Group’s profitability;

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets as 
regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and 
financial condition; 
• 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals 
and regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various South Eastern Europe (“SEE”) 
countries may limit the Group’s ability to receive payments on past due loans, and anticipated 
changes to such laws may not have the desired effect; and 
• 
other factors described under “Risk Factors”. 
The Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, 
the forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus might not occur. Any statements regarding past 
trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the 
future. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are 
based on facts known only as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS................................................................................................................................................ 12 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME..................................................................................... 70 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 101 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................ 105 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................................................... 144 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 147 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER................................................................................................................... 164 
OVERVIEW OF THE GREEK COVERED BOND LEGISLATION ............................................................ 165 
THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................................................... 169 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................ 181 
RISK MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................................... 206 
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................ 217 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE ................................................................. 231 
THE MORTGAGE AND HOUSING MARKET IN GREECE ...................................................................... 265 
DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS .......................................................................................... 274 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 293 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 297 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 301

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. It is not possible to identify all 
risks or to determine which risks are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
risks and certain risks which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other unknown reasons. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. If potential investors are in doubt 
about the contents of this Base Prospectus they should consult with an appropriate professional adviser to 
make their own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risk of investment in such 
Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. Investing in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks. Prospective investors 
should consider, among other things, the following: 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks Relating to the Hellenic Republic’s Economic Crisis 
Recessionary pressure and uncertainty resulting from the Hellenic Republic’s economic crisis and the 
COVID-19 shock have and will continue to have an adverse impact on the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Group’s financial condition and its results of operations are heavily dependent on macroeconomic and 
political conditions prevailing in Greece. 
Following almost eight years of recession in the period 2008 to 2016, Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) 
growth in Greece entered positive territory in 2017 and accelerated further in 2018 and 2019 (with annual 
growth rates of 1.3% year-on-year, 1.6% year-on-year and 1.9% year-on-year, respectively), despite the 
tighter-than-initially expected fiscal conditions, due to the over performance, over this three-year period, 
against the fiscal targets of the European Stability Mechanism (“ESM”) stability support programme 
(“Third Programme”). These targets remain in effect under the “Enhanced Surveillance Framework” 
applying to Greece since August 2018 following the completion of the Third Programme as further 
described below. Economic activity remained on an upward trend in 2019 and in the first two months of 
2020, with a broad range of economic indicators pointing to a further strengthening of economic 
performance (Sources: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts, 3rd Quarter of 2020, Press Release, 
December 2020 and European Commission, European Economic Forecast Autumn 2020, November 
2020). The deterioration in labour market conditions following the outbreak of the Coronavirus disease 
(“COVID-19”) pandemic was relatively mild, with the unemployment rate at 16.2% in November 2020, 
from 16.4% in December 2019, due to the supportive impact of government measures, such as temporary 
employment allowances and suspension of employment contracts (Source: EL.STAT., Labour Force

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Survey, November 2020 and Labour Force Survey database). In 2018, Greece successfully completed the 
Third Programme – following a precipitate termination of the first two Programmes in 2012 and 2015 
respectively – and has been subjected to a post-programme monitoring framework since August 2018, 
which is based on an “Enhanced Surveillance Procedure” directed by the European Commission (Sources: 
European Commission, Occasional Papers 94, “The Second Economic Adjustment Programme for 
Greece”, March 2012, ESM Press Release, “EFSF programme for Greece expires today”, 30 June 2015 
and European Commission, “Commission implementing decision of 11.7.2018 on the activation of 
enhanced surveillance for Greece”, 11 July 2018).  
Against this backdrop, Greek financial asset valuations started to recover in 2018, with the improvement 
gaining additional traction in 2019, when the yields of the Greek Government Bonds (“GGBs”) followed 
a steady downward trend, declining to an all-time low in early 2020 (0.94% on 14 February 2020), 
assisted by the accommodative monetary policy stance by the ECB. Following a temporary deterioration 
during the eruption of the COVID-19 shock, GGB yields returned to a downward trend – on the back of 
the inclusion of Greece’s sovereign assets in the ECB’s Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme 
(“PEPP”), which has been in operation since the second quarter of 2020 – falling to new lows in late 2020 
(0.56% on 15 December 2020). Moreover, the relatively benign debt servicing profile of the Greek public 
debt and the sizeable cash buffer of the Hellenic Republic further supported this trend. The Hellenic 
Republic accessed the markets several times in the period 2018-2020, at increasingly competitive terms, 
raising a total gross amount of EUR 24 billion (excluding the new impact of transactions between Greek 
banks and the PDMA in late 2020 and early 2021), through the issuance of GGBs with maturities ranging 
between 5 years and 15 years and an exchange offer between the Hellenic Republic and the Issuer, who 
exchanged its three GGBs for a new GGB with a maturity of 30 years (Sources: Public Debt Management 
Agency, Announcements on the issuance of government bonds, 2018-2020 and National Bank of Greece, 
Announcement on the Exchange of Greek Government Bonds, 22 January 2020). Real estate and equity 
valuations recorded strong gains over the course of 2019 and 2020, starting from a very low basis, albeit 
the latter remained highly sensitive to volatility swings and changes in risk appetite. Especially, bank 
valuations remained under pressure, due to the uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 shock 
on bank portfolio quality.  
Earlier on, the total lift on 1 September 2019 of the remaining restrictions on capital outflows and deposit 
withdrawals (i.e. capital controls) imposed since 18 July 2015 (Source: Hellenic Banks Association), 
further boosted the economic sentiment and contributed to an improvement in liquidity conditions, as 
indicated by a pick-up in corporate lending (1.8% year-on-year in December 2019 from a stabilisation 
point – 0.0% year-on-year – in December 2018) and increasing inflows of foreign direct investment of 
€11.0 billion cumulatively in the period 2017 to 2019 (Source: Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking 
Statistics and Bank of Greece, Balance of Payments Statistics). 
However, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in February 2020 started to inflict high and rising 
human costs worldwide, leading to a sharp deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, the European 
and global economy entered a sharp recession in the first half of 2020. To counter the spread of COVID-
19, major containment measures were introduced around the world, including in Greece, voluntarily 
shutting down large parts of the economy. The enforcement of protective restrictions, along with elevated 
uncertainty, weighed heavily on economic conditions, slowing Greece’s recovery in a period when the 
economy exhibited signs of further improvement.  
However, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in February 2020 started to inflict high and rising 
human costs worldwide, leading to a sharp deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, the European 
and global economy entered a sharp recession in the first half of 2020. To counter the spread of COVID-
19, major containment measures were introduced around the world, including in Greece, voluntarily 
shutting down large parts of the economy. The enforcement of protective restrictions, along with elevated 
uncertainty, weighed heavily on economic conditions, slowing Greece’s recovery in a period when the 
economy exhibited signs of further improvement.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Stringent containment measures implemented following the outbreak of the pandemic led to an 
unprecedented fall in GDP in the second quarter of 2020 (-14.2% year-on-year, -14.1% quarter-on-
quarter). Economic activity responded positively to the easing of the restrictions in the third quarter of 
2020 – increase in GDP by 2.3% quarter-on-quarter, but still -11.7% year-on-year – although the rebound 
had been weakened by the sizeable hit on the tourism sector, which suffered an unprecedented contraction 
(decline in tourism revenue of 75.6% year-on-year to 2.6% of GDP in the first eleven months of 2020 
from 9.5% of GDP in the first eleven months of 2019 (Sources: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts 
Press Release, 3rd quarter 2020, December 2020, Bank of Greece, Monthly Balance Sheet, November 
2020).  
Downward pressures on activity intensified again in the fourth quarter of 2020, along with the 
deterioration in epidemic situation. An ongoing second wave of the pandemic led to the tightening of 
restrictions, especially in specific regions experiencing rising infection rates, taking an additional toll on 
economic activity in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. The official sector (average 
of European Commission and IMF forecasts) estimated Greece’s GDP growth at -9.8% in 2020, followed 
by an increase of 4.6% in 2021, conditioned on the control of the pandemic through the rollout of 
vaccinations (Sources: European Commission, Winter Economic Forecast, February 2021 and IMF, 
World Economic Outlook, October 2020). 
The Greek government, in order to ameliorate the recessionary hit to the economy, implemented in 2020, 
fiscal expansion measures of a combined value of c. €19 billion - comprising c. €10.0 billion in social 
transfers, subsidies, tax relief, and payment deferrals for tax and social security contributions and €2.7 
billion in the form of State subsidies and guarantees for new bank lending, complemented by a “repayable 
advances” scheme to enterprises of €5.5 billion (Sources: Ministry of Finance, Budget 2021, November 
2020, Press Releases on Repayable Advance Schemes, Hellenic Development Bank).  
The measures helped cushion the recession with support to the labour market exceeding €4.0 billion in 
2020. The introduction of employment allowance and labour subsidy schemes, along with the deferral of 
tax and social security obligations for the mostly affected households and firms minimized job losses. The 
unemployment rate increased modestly to 16.8% in the third quarter of 2020 and averaged to 16.5% in the 
first eleven months of 2020 compared with 17.3% in 2019, whereas employment decreased by 0.8% year-
on-year in the first eleven months of 2020 (Source: EL.STAT., Labour Force Survey database). State 
support minimized the decline in labour income to 0.8% in the first nine months of 2020 (Source: 
EL.STAT., Quarterly GDP - Income Approach, Current Prices (1st Quarter 1995 - 3rd Quarter 2020), 
December 2020). The persistence of the pandemic led to the activation of additional fiscal support 
measures of about €6.0 billion for the first quarter of 2021. However, despite the relief measures, 
corporate profitability recorded an unprecedented average drop of 13.7% and 12.5% in the second and the 
third quarter of 2020, respectively – against a backdrop of an average fall in economy-wide business 
turnover of 14.5% year-on-year in the first nine months of 2020 – which is expected to continue in the 
fourth quarter of 2020 (Sources: EL.STAT., Quarterly GDP - Income Approach, Current Prices (1st 
Quarter 1995 - 3rd Quarter 2020), December 2020, EL.STAT., Turnover of Enterprises Under Suspension 
of Operation Due to the Pandemic of the Corona Virus Disease 2019 (Covid-19), December 2020). 
These measures have been endorsed by the European Commission, which suspended the Enhanced 
Surveillance primary surplus target of 3.5% of GDP in 2020 for Greece, as part of the activation of the 
general “escape clause” within the Stability and Growth Pact for all countries, to allow the necessary 
increase in fiscal flexibility (Source: Ministry of Finance, Stability Program 2020, April 2020). 
Inevitably, the primary deficit in the government budget for 2020 surged to €18.2 billion (or -11.0% of 
GDP), which is expected to translate into a General Government primary deficit of about 8-9% of GDP in 
2020, in comparison with a 3.6% surplus in 2019 (as per the Enhanced Surveillance definition) (Source: 
Ministry of Finance, Budget Execution Monthly Bulletin, December 2020). This deterioration is 
comparable to the euro area average, where primary deficit is estimated by the European Commission at 
7.2% of GDP in 2020 vs. a 1.0% primary surplus in 2019 (Source: European Commission, Autumn

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Economic Forecast, November 2020). This easing has been endorsed by the European institutions, which 
suspended the Enhanced Surveillance primary surplus target of 3.5% of GDP in 2020 for Greece. 
The aforementioned developments impose significant challenges for the Group, as the negative legacy 
effects of the Greek fiscal crisis in the period 2009 to 2017 have been compounded by the negative effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, with adverse effects on private sector income, the quality of private sector 
balance sheets and liquidity conditions generally. See also “The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to 
achieve demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period and legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and the 
COVID-19 shock may impose further constraints on economic activity in Greece” and “The Group is 
subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that may 
materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition” 
below.  
The Third Programme was activated on 19 August 2015 against a backdrop of severe economic 
uncertainty, intensifying liquidity tensions and capital flight that appeared to threaten the membership of 
the Hellenic Republic in the European Monetary Union and the European Union (“EU”), and gave rise to 
a new recessionary spiral, following a cumulative contraction in economic activity of 25.7% year-on-year 
between 2008 and 2014 (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts, second Quarter 2020). In this 
environment, the Greek government officially requested financial assistance from the EU on 10 July 2015 
(Source: European Commission’s proposal for a council implementation decision on granting short term 
European Union financial assistance to Greece under a new programme from the ESM). On 19 August 
2015, the Hellenic Republic entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (“MoU”) with the European 
Commission and the ESM for the provision of further stability support accompanied by the Third 
Programme.  
The Third Programme was successfully completed on 20 August 2018. This completion was accompanied 
by a new agreement on the provision of additional debt relief, aimed at lowering Greece’s gross financing 
needs (“GFNs”) in the medium-to-long term and the build-up of a sizeable cash buffer by the Hellenic 
Republic financed by Third Programme funding and new debt issuances. Moreover, for the long term, the 
Eurogroup of 21 June 2018 has recalled the agreement, that had been reached in the Eurogroup of May 
2016, on a contingency mechanism on debt that could be activated in the case of an unexpectedly more 
adverse macroeconomic scenario, adjusting debt servicing costs to more sustainable levels if required and 
decided by the Eurogroup (Sources: Eurogroup Statements, 25 May 2016, 24 May 2018 and 22 June 
2018). An enhanced surveillance framework (the “Enhanced Surveillance Framework”), under the 
existing mechanisms of fiscal coordination in the EU, supervised by the EC has been agreed and the 
Hellenic Republic has also committed to ensure the continuity and completion of reforms adopted under 
the Third Programme. Moreover, the official European lenders have committed to reassess the 
sustainability of Greek debt by 2032, or earlier if deemed necessary, after taking into account Greece’s 
compliance with the targets of the post-Third Programme Enhanced Surveillance Framework and the 
potential role of adverse factors beyond the control of the Hellenic Republic’s economic policy. Potential 
delays in the completion of remaining reforms adopted under the Third Programme or the inability to 
safeguard the objectives of the adopted reforms and/or the sustainability of the fiscal performance in the 
medium and longer term, due to endogenous or exogenous factors, could weigh on the markets’ 
assessment of the risks surrounding the creditworthiness of the Hellenic Republic and, therefore, create 
uncertainty regarding its capacity to maintain a continuous access to market financing. Such a 
development could, in turn, have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s liquidity position, business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects.  
The above risks have been amplified by the COVID-19 crisis which has led to a significant deterioration 
in the financial position of Greek businesses and households and a sharp reversal in Greece’s fiscal 
position, which is expected to push public debt to a new all-time high in 2020. Although the agreement 
with the European institutions and the extremely benign terms of official loans, along with the historically 
low Greek government bond yields, ensure a manageable path for the debt-servicing cost of the Hellenic 
Republic, the reduction in economic activity and the emergency lending backed by Government

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
guarantees provided in 2020, could cause a deterioration in leverage metrics and the debt servicing 
capacity of the private sector. Moreover, significant uncertainty surrounds the prospective pace of fiscal 
policy reversal and the subsequent drag on economic activity in the medium term despite various 
measures announced by Greek and European authorities in response to the economic and market 
conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including the activation of the Next Generation EU 
(“NGEU”) on 21 July 2020 (which was approved by the European Parliament on 10 November 2020, 
Sources: Council of the European Union, European Council conclusions, 17-21 July 2020 and Council of 
the European Union, Next multiannual financial framework and recovery package: Council presidency 
reaches political agreement with the European Parliament, 10 November 2020) which could provide 
support to Greece’s medium-term growth and is expected to speed up the reversal of activity losses in 
2020 and bolster critical elements of activity, such as business and public investment. Greece is among the 
top recipients in the EU, with grants under the Recovery and Resilience Facility (“RRF”), which is the 
main financing programme of the NGEU, for the period 2021 to 2026 amounting to €16.2 billion (8.9% of 
2019 GDP) and increasing to approximately €29 billion if lending is included under the same mechanism 
(Source: European Commission, Recovery and Resilience Facility – Grants allocation per Member State 
(2018 prices)). See further “The Issuer – COVID-19 outbreak – Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek 
and European authorities – Member States – Coronavirus Recovery Fund” below. 
Against this backdrop, there are still considerable risks surrounding the Greek economy’s prospects, 
including significant risks to the near-term outlook for private sector consumption, as well as regarding 
business investment and capital spending decisions. The Group’s business activities are dependent on the 
level of banking, finance and financial products and services it offers, as well as customers’ capacity to 
repay their liabilities. In particular, the levels of savings and credit demand are heavily dependent on 
customer confidence, disposable income trends and the availability and cost of funding, each of which 
factors continues to show a relatively slow improvement in Greece. Moreover, the Group’s customers may 
further decrease their risk tolerance to non-deposit investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds, 
which would continue to adversely affect the Group’s fee and commission income. For related 
information, see “The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and 
enhance its long-term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of 
reforms may not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the 
Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, which could have a material adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.” below. 
The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period and 
legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and the COVID-19 shock may impose further constraints on economic 
activity in Greece. 
The significant increase in Greece’s fiscal credibility, due to the overperformance vis-à-vis the fiscal 
targets under the Third Programme and the Enhanced Surveillance Framework, enabled the government to 
implement some fiscal expansion measures in 2019 and 2020. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the government put in place about €19.0 billion of fiscal and liquidity support measures, engineering a 
sizable fiscal expansion (Source: Ministry of Finance, Budget 2021, November 2020). However, the 
requirement to restore a sustainable fiscal equilibrium in the medium term, as agreed under the Enhanced 
Surveillance Framework, following the temporary increase in fiscal flexibility at an EU level due to the 
exceptional circumstances related to COVID-19, poses a risk of (i) an increase in the effective burden 
from taxes (personal, corporate, indirect and consumption taxes) in the event of a fiscal slippage in the 
future, and/or (ii) a sharper-than-anticipated reduction in government spending. The above factors could 
impose further constraints on economic activity and result in weaker-than-initially-expected GDP growth 
outcomes in the coming years. The above and/or other fiscal measures could also exert additional pressure 
on private sector spending and liquidity. The financial position of a significant share of households and 
enterprises remains weak and has been further stressed by the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors could 
put additional pressure on the still very high share of NPLs, the sizeable stock of private sector tax and 
social security contribution arrears and the low private saving rate compared to other euro area countries. 
All these entities are unlikely to face a material improvement in their creditworthiness and liquidity

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
position in the near term and, by delaying or cancelling potential spending decisions, will continue to slow 
the recovery process of the economy (which has been negatively impacted by the recession related to the 
COVID-19 pandemic) and impede the recovery of asset valuations. 
Moreover, the pace of recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain.  To date, assuming 
no significant recurrence of COVID-19, it is expected that more than two years may be required to reverse 
the activity losses in 2020, while there is still low visibility on the potential impact of the pandemic on 
specific sectors of the economic activity – especially tourism – in the longer-term (Source: European 
Commission, European Economic Forecast Autumn 2020, November 2020). In addition to lower tourism 
revenues, adverse effects on the Greek economy due to COVID-19 are expected to also include reductions 
in demand for the manufacturing sector’s products, disruptions in the manufacturing sector’s supply 
chains and a decrease in shipping activity due to a decline in global trade.  
Potential downside risks from the above factors on the private sector’s financial position and asset 
valuations could have an adverse effect on the Group and the financial sector as a whole. For further 
information, see “The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and 
enhance its long-term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of 
reforms may not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the 
Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of further 
deterioration due to the COVID-19 crisis, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects” below. 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-term 
competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not lead to 
the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt 
sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of further deterioration due to the COVID-19 
crisis, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects. 
Over the past decade, the Hellenic Republic has undertaken significant structural measures intended to 
restore competitiveness and promote economic growth in Greece through the financial support 
programmes agreed with the IMF, the ECB, the ESM and the EC (the “Institutions”). A programme was 
initially agreed in May 2010 (the “First Programme”, Source: IMF Country Report No. 10/110, May 
2010) and was renewed by way of a second economic adjustment programme in March 2012 and further 
amended pursuant to Eurogroup decisions of November 2012 (the “Second Programme”, Sources: IMF, 
Country Report No. 12/57, March 2012, European Commission, Occasional paper on Greece March 2012 
and Eurogroup Statement on Greece, November 2012). The First Programme and the Second Programme 
established, through related financial facility agreements signed between the Hellenic Republic, the 
participating Eurozone countries, the European Financial Stability Facility (“EFSF”) and the IMF, 
financing intended to fully cover the Hellenic Republic’s external financing needs until the end of 2014, 
conditioned on the implementation of a number of fiscal adjustment policies and growth enhancing 
structural reforms. On 8 December 2014, the Eurogroup announced a “technical extension” of the EU side 
of the Second Programme to the end of February 2015 (Source: Eurogroup statement, 8 December 2014). 
On 20 February 2015, the Eurogroup agreed to a four month extension of the Master Financial Assistance 
Facility Agreement (“MFFA”) underpinning the Second Programme (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 20 
February 2015). 
On 19 August 2015, the Hellenic Republic entered into a MoU with the EC and the ESM for the provision 
of further stability support accompanied by the Third Programme. The Third Programme was designed to 
support a sustainable fiscal consolidation and promote key structural reforms (Source: ESM, Press 
Releases, 20 August 2015). On 21 June 2018, the Eurogroup confirmed the successful conclusion of the 
fourth review and, therefore, the effective completion of the Third Programme, and also welcomed the 
commitment of the Greek authorities to continue with and complete all key reforms adopted under the 
Third Programme (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 22 June 2018). On 11 July 2018, following the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
preceding Eurogroup agreement, the EC adopted the decision on the activation of enhanced surveillance 
for Greece, under Article 2(1) of the EU Regulation 472/2013, for a renewable period of six months. The 
Hellenic Republic officially concluded its three-year ESM financial assistance programme on 20 August 
2018 (Source: ESM, Press Release, 20 August 2018). The Enhanced Surveillance Framework has entered 
into force, following the Third Programme completion on 20 August 2018, and has been designed to 
support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms that Greece has committed to implement under 
the Third Programme, ensure a smooth transition of the economy to normalcy and maintain a high degree 
of credibility (Source: European Commission, Commission Implementing Decision of 11 July 2018 on the 
activation of enhanced surveillance for Greece).  
These remaining reforms are mainly related to the areas of fiscal efficiency, structural reforms, social 
welfare, financial stability, labour and product markets efficiency, privatisation and public administration 
and could impose further constraints on economic activity and could result in weaker than initially 
expected GDP growth outcomes in future years. Despite the completion of the Third Programme, the 
stabilisation of economic activity and the recent improvement in economic sentiment, the financial 
position of the private sector has been severely impaired by the multi-year recession and is expected to 
continue to have an adverse impact on economic conditions in the Hellenic Republic. The seven Enhanced 
Surveillance reports (released between 2018 and 2020) have acknowledged Greece’s progress achieved in 
certain areas. However, the sixth and seventh reports (released on 20 May 2020 and 23 September 2020, 
respectively) have also stressed some risks related to the impact of the COVID-19 crisis and the need to 
reconcile social protection needs with the stepping up of remaining reforms, especially in the financial 
system, and specifically with respect to non-performing loans. A new increase in uncertainty in the event 
that the regular progress reporting under the Enhanced Surveillance Framework indicates diversion from 
the agreed reforms, and/or further potential downside risks for economic activity from continuing fiscal 
pressure on the private sector’s financial position and asset valuations imposed by the ongoing recession 
due to the pandemic could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects.  
Moreover, if the benefits from the significant economic adjustment and structural reforms to Greece’s 
economic performance are smaller than initially expected, and/or the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
are more protracted than currently envisaged and extend beyond 2021, they could weaken further 
Greece’s fiscal position, weigh on sovereign risk premia and on banking system performance, including 
the performance of the Group, and create uncertainties, bringing forward the need for additional 
interventions for public debt. 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and could lead to a higher cost of funding or the inability of the Issuer to raise capital. 
The ability of the Hellenic Republic to service its outstanding debt depends on a variety of factors, 
including the overall health of the Greek economy, the GDP growth rate that can be achieved in future 
years, the maintenance of sound fiscal and current account positions and the provision by the official 
lenders of additional concessions for lowering debt-servicing costs. The extraordinary reversal of the 
fiscal position as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting deep recession are expected 
to lead to a significant deterioration in Government deficit and debt figures in 2020. In the event of the re-
emergence of the need for an additional restructuring of the Hellenic Republic’s debt, owing to adverse 
conditions arising from the foregoing or other influences, the Issuer’s regulatory capital would be severely 
affected due to its direct exposure to Hellenic Republic debt as well as due to the indirect effects of the 
credit event on the Issuer’s borrowers (and thus asset quality) and on investor confidence, requiring the 
Issuer to raise additional capital. In addition, if the Hellenic Republic were to default on its debt 
obligations to the Issuer, the latter could suffer losses and require further capital. There can be no 
assurance that, under the above described stress conditions, the Issuer could raise any or all of the required 
additional capital on acceptable terms. 
The Issuer’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected by,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
and there may be further material adverse consequences to the Group of, any future downgrades of the 
Hellenic Republic’s credit rating. 
The capacity of the Hellenic Republic to maintain continuous access to market financing at competitive 
costs is an important element of Greece’s economic and financial recovery and will be closely related to 
the financial conditions of the private sector in the coming years. The terms of this access remain also 
dependent on international economic conditions and sources of financial risk, as well as on the prospective 
path of domestic disposable income and Greek asset valuations. In response to the significant progress in 
fiscal adjustment and macroeconomic recovery, major rating agencies upgraded the Hellenic Republic’s 
rating to two to three notches below investment grade. Greece’s Gross Government debt is expected to 
reach an all-time high of 207.1% of GDP in 2020 and return to a downward trend from 2021 onwards 
(Source: European Commission, Autumn Economic Forecast, November 2020). As acknowledged by all 
major rating agencies in their reports following the Covid-19 outbreak and the activation of extraordinary 
fiscal expansion measures, the significant size of the Greek State’s cash buffer (about €30.0 billion in 
early 2021 or 8.0% of gross public debt) along with the very long maturity of the debt (19.4 years, Source: 
PDMA, Hellenic Republic Public Debt Bulletin, December 2020) and affordable debt servicing terms, 
offset the risks from the temporary increase in the debt ratio to GDP due to the Covid-19 shock. 
Accordingly, Moody’s upgraded Greece’s sovereign rating by one notch to Ba3, with a stable outlook on 
6 November 2020, citing the country’s successful steps towards a sustainable improvement in institutional 
strength (including tax administration and compliance and the fight against corruption) and favourable 
growth prospects coupled with inflows of European “Recovery Fund” as the key factors of this decision, 
whereas all major rating agencies maintained a stable outlook for the country, with the distance from 
investment grade territory ranging between 2 and 3 notches (Sources: Fitch, S&P and Moody’s Press 
Releases, April, October and November 2020, respectively). Nevertheless, there is still considerable 
uncertainty surrounding the prospective pace of improvement in the country’s sovereign rating, which is 
also closely related to the private sector’s creditworthiness. Nevertheless, there is still considerable 
uncertainty surrounding the prospective pace of improvement in the country’s sovereign rating, which is 
also closely related to the private sector’s creditworthiness.   
The rating agencies note that the probability of new downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s rating could 
re-appear in the event of an emergence of doubts about the country’s commitment to maintaining a sound 
fiscal position and a focus on completing all important reforms, initiated under the Third Programme and 
subjected to the post-programme Enhanced Surveillance Framework, or meeting other obligations of the 
post-Third Programme monitoring, hampering the reduction of government debt and the financial sector's 
restructuring. Moreover, the ongoing COVID-19 crisis will lead to a further deterioration of the fiscal 
position and/or undermine Greece’s long-term growth potential. A stabilisation or even a downgrade of 
the Hellenic Republic’s rating may also occur if official sector lenders waiver from their commitment to 
conditionally provide further relief to Greece’s debt servicing costs, if needed, in the future, as the 
activation or not of this package is conditional to the debt sustainability review planned at the end of the 
extended grace period on the specific part of the EFSF loans in 2032 (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 24 
May 2018). Moreover, in their latest assessment of the Greek economy, following the eruption of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the rating agencies refer to the considerable uncertainty surrounding the 
macroeconomic and fiscal impact of the pandemic on Greece’s future credit profile, despite recognising 
the support which is expected to be provided to Greece’s economic performance in the period 2021-2026 
and beyond by the NGEU. 
Should any downgrades occur or rating outlooks turn negative, the financing costs of the Hellenic 
Republic would increase and its access to market financing could be disrupted, with negative effects on 
the cost of capital for Greek banks (including the Issuer) and the Issuer’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating could also result in a 
corresponding downgrade in the Issuer’s credit rating and, as a result, increase wholesale borrowing costs 
and the Issuer’s access to liquidity. 
High outflows of funds from customer deposits could cause an increase in the Group’s costs of funding

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
and if such outflows were to continue it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating 
results, financial condition and liquidity prospects. 
Historically, the Group’s principal source of funds has been customer deposits, the majority of which are 
from the Group’s Greek depositor base. However, during the first half of 2015, the Issuer suffered 
significant deposit outflows, which were stopped by the imposition of the bank holiday and the capital 
controls as from 28 June 2015. Since the Group relies on customer deposits for the majority of its funding, 
if its depositors withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, or 
if the Group is unable to obtain the necessary liquidity by other means, it may be unable to maintain its 
current levels of funding without incurring significantly higher funding costs or having to liquidate certain 
of its assets, or without increasing access to the ECB and the Bank of Greece under their exceptional 
terms. Although the Group’s domestic deposits stabilised in 2016, followed by an increasing trend from 
2017 to 2020 there can be no assurance that outflows will not recur following the lifting of the capital 
controls effective 1 September 2019. Furthermore, deposit levels in Greece may be adversely affected as a 
result of the transposition of the BRRD in Greece, which, inter alia, requires the participation of a 
financial institution’s unsecured depositors (of any amounts exceeding insured limits) in case of resolution 
proceedings of such institution. For information about resolution proceedings and tools available, see 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below. 
The on-going availability of customer deposits to fund the Group’s loan portfolio is subject to changes due 
to factors outside its control, such as depositors’ concerns relating to the economy in general, the financial 
services industry or the Issuer specifically, significant further deterioration in economic conditions in 
Greece reducing the availability of funds for deposits and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees. 
Unusually high levels of withdrawals could have the result that the Issuer or another member of the Group 
may not be in a position to continue to operate without additional funding support, which it may be unable 
to secure. Any of these factors separately or in combination could lead to a sustained reduction in the 
Group’s ability to access customer deposit funding on appropriate terms in the future, which would impact 
the Group’s ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements and have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
If additional ECB or ELA funding is needed in the future it will be subject to ECB rules relating to the 
eligibility and valuation of collateral used for funding such as Greek government bonds. 
The economic crisis in Greece has adversely affected the Group’s credit risk profile, which has from time 
to time prevented the Group from obtaining funding in the capital markets, and increased the cost of such 
funding and the need for additional collateral requirements in repo contracts and other secured funding 
arrangements, including those with the ECB. Although the Group’s access to capital markets has 
gradually been reinstated over recent years, concerns relating to the on-going impact of current economic 
conditions and potential delays in the completion by the Greek government of key structural reforms 
initiated under the Third Programme and subjected to the post-programme Enhanced Surveillance 
Framework may restrict the Group’s ability to obtain funding in the capital markets in the near and 
medium term.  
The Issuer’s principal sources of liquidity are (i) its deposit base, (ii) Eurosystem funding via the Main 
Refinancing Operations (“MROs”) and the Targeted Longer term Refinancing Operations (“TLTROs”) 
with the ECB and (iii) repurchase securities agreements (repos) with major foreign financial institutions. 
ECB funding and repos with financial institutions are collateralised by high quality liquid assets, such as 
EU sovereign bonds, Greek government bonds and Treasury Bills (“T Bills”), as well as by other assets, 
such as highly rated corporate loans, covered bonds and asset backed securities issued by the Issuer.  
Although the Group’s Eurosystem funding has decreased significantly, with zero dependence on ELA as 
of 30 June 2019, there can be no assurance that the Group’s funding needs will continue to be met by, or 
that the Group will continue to have access to, Eurosystem funding in the future. In addition, following the 
Greek government’s decision to lift the capital controls, deposit outflows could have a material adverse

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
impact on the Group’s deposit base and on the amount of the Group’s ECB and ELA eligible collateral, 
which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s liquidity and the Group’s ability to access 
Eurosystem funding in the future, which may in turn threaten the Group’s ability to continue as a going 
concern (see also “There is uncertainty about the Issuer’s ability to continue as a “going concern””). 
Furthermore, the liquidity the Group is able to access from the ECB or ELA may be adversely affected by 
changes in ECB and Bank of Greece rules relating to collateral. If the ECB or the Bank of Greece were to 
revise their respective collateral standards, remove asset classes from being accepted, or increase the 
rating requirements for collateral securities such that certain instruments were not eligible to serve as 
collateral with the ECB or the Bank of Greece, the Group’s access to these facilities could be diminished 
and the cost of obtaining such funds could increase. In addition the amount of funding available from the 
ECB or the Bank of Greece is tied to the value of the collateral the Group has provided, which may 
decline. If the value of the Group’s assets decline, then the amount of funding the Group can obtain from 
the ECB or the Bank of Greece will be proportionally limited. Increases in past due loans will also 
negatively affect the available collateral used for funding purposes (see also “Deteriorating asset 
valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and 
may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes.” below). 
In March 2019, the ECB announced a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(“TLTRO III”) to be launched between September 2019 and March 2021, each with a maturity of two 
years. On 10 December 2020, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to postpone the maturity of the 
TLTRO III up to June 2022. It is not possible to predict the duration and extent of such liquidity support 
in the future, assuming it is not withdrawn completely. If such support were to be withdrawn or reduced, 
the Group would need to seek alternative sources of funding, which it may not succeed in doing, whether 
on equally favourable cost terms, or at all.  
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes. 
The Group is a large provider of loans in Greece and it has significant exposure to the financial 
performance and creditworthiness of companies and individuals mainly in Greece and the mixed global 
economic recovery and economic crisis in Greece has resulted in an increase in the Group’s past due loans 
and significant changes in the fair values of the Group’s financial assets. 
A substantial portion of the Group’s loans and advances to corporate and individual borrowers are secured 
by collateral such as real estate, securities, vessels, term deposits and receivables. In particular, as 
mortgage loans are one of the Group’s principal assets, the Group is currently highly exposed to 
developments in the real estate markets, especially in Greece. Significant adjustment in residential 
valuations started in 2009 and continued at a rapid pace from 2010 to the end of 2017 (with prices having 
fallen by 42.2% by the end of 2017 compared to their peak in 2008, Sources: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of 
Conjunctural Indicators,  November-December 2020 and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). The 
Greek real estate market has shown increasing signs of revival, with residential valuations increasing by 
1.8% year-on-year in 2018 and by 7.2% year-on-year in 2019, whereas prices of prime commercial spaces 
(average of retail and office prices) increased by 5.6% year-on-year in 2018 and by 5.5% year-on-year in 
2019 (Sources: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, November-December 2020). In this 
vein, construction activity has also picked up, with residential construction increasing by 22.8% year-on-
year in 2018, for the first time since 2007, by 0.4% year-on-year in 2019 and by 17.4% year-on-year in the 
first nine months of 2020 (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly gross fixed capital formation, 3rd Quarter 2020). 
Nonetheless, the absolute number of market transactions remains low, whereas the role of foreign demand 
related to short-term online rental activity, as well as to secondary home purchases by non-residents, is 
significant. Accordingly, downside risks remain considerable in view of a still sizeable backlog of unsold 
houses and relatively high effective tax burden, despite a 22% weighted average reduction in the unified 
property tax (ENFIA) applied in 2019 and a suspension of the VAT rate on new buildings and of the 
capital gains tax rate on property for the next three years included in the Draft Budget for 2020 (Sources:

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Hellenic Parliament, L. 4621, (in Greek), 31 July 2019 and Ministry of Finance, Draft Budget for 2020 (in 
Greek)).  
The residential market exhibited a high degree of resilience in the first three quarters of 2020, despite the 
negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. House prices rose by 3.2% year-on-year in the third quarter 
of 2020 – for an 11th consecutive quarter – from 5.3% year-on-year in the first semester, while on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, house prices increased by 0.5% in the third quarter of 2020 from 0.5% in the 
second quarter and 1.8% in the first quarter. The Athens area continued to outperform the market average 
(5.6% year-on-year in the third quarter of 2020 and 8.6% year-on-year in the first semester). House prices 
have appreciated by 14.3% from their lowest point in the third quarter of 2017, while prices in the region 
of Athens have risen by 22.3% from their bottom in the first quarter of 2017 (Source: Bank of Greece, 
Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, November-December 2020 and Bank of Greece, Real Estate 
database). The resilience of the real estate market reflects the support from pent-up demand and limited 
supply of new buildings, which offset the compression of the demand from abroad through short-term 
rental platforms and outright purchases by non-residents, including the golden visa programme (e.g. 
decline in transactions related to the golden visa programme of approximately 90% year-on-year in 2020, 
with 400 licenses issued in this period, compared with 3,500 in 2019 (Source: Greek Ministry of 
Migration and Asylum, General Secretariat for Migration Policy database). Similarly, total construction 
activity increased by 7.8% year-on-year in the three quarters of 2020, supported by higher residential 
construction and an increase in public work activity (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly gross fixed capital 
formation, 3rd Quarter 2020). A lagged impact and/or a prolongation of the COVID-19-related recession 
could weigh on the private sector’s financial position and undermine market sentiment, leading to a 
deterioration of economic conditions in any industry in which the Group’s borrowers operate, or in the 
market of the collateral, which may result in the value of collateral falling below the outstanding principal 
balance for some loans, particularly those disbursed in the years prior to the crisis. A decline in the value 
of collateral or the Group’s ability to obtain additional collateral, may require the Group to establish 
additional allowance for loan losses. The value of assets collateralising the Group’s secured loans, 
including residential and other real estate, remains highly sensitive in the event of re-emergence of 
pressure on real estate valuations. Such a decline could result in further impairment of the value of the 
Group’s loan assets or an increase in the level of the Group’s past due loans, either of which will limit the 
Group’s ability to post collateral to obtain ELA and ECB funding. Furthermore, the very protracted period 
of poor economic conditions and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially and adversely 
affected the liquidity, business activity and financial condition of the Group’s borrowers, which in turn 
has led to sharp increases in the Group’s past due loan ratios, impairment charges on loans and other 
financial assets, and decreased demand for borrowings in general, while the additional pressure on 
financial and real estate asset valuations could translate into a further deterioration of the economy. In the 
adverse scenario of a re-emergence of pressure on real estate market activity and valuations, the financial 
performance and creditworthiness of the Group’s borrowers could worsen further or stagnate, while the 
quality of the Group’s loan portfolio could start to deteriorate again, having a material adverse impact on 
the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
An increase in financial market volatility or adverse changes in the marketability of the Group’s assets 
could impair the Group’s ability to value certain of its assets and exposures. The value the Group 
ultimately realises will depend on the fair value determined at that time and may be materially different 
from current value. Any decrease in the value of such assets and exposures could require the Group to 
realise additional impairment charges, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and 
results of operations, as well as its capital adequacy.  
There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s capital will be sufficient, in particular if economic conditions 
in Greece do not improve or if they deteriorate further. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not require further capital in future periods in order to 
continue to meet its capital adequacy requirements (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – 
EU-wide stress test 2020” below).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The potential deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s assets as result of the economic 
implications from the COVID-19 crisis, may exceed current expectations, lead to additional impairments 
in the future which may result in higher losses than currently anticipated, or the regulators may otherwise 
increase their Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) asset quality requirements for the 
Group. Any of these consequences may in turn generate the need for the Group to raise additional capital. 
Further to the above, the four systemic Banks in Greece (Alpha Bank, the Issuer, Eurobank and Piraeus 
Bank) on 31 July 2018 entered into a servicing agreement with a credit institution specialised on servicing 
of NPLs, doBank S.p.A (“doBank”). This agreement is part of the strategic framework of the Greek 
systemic banks to reduce their NPEs by protecting the viability of small and medium sized enterprises 
(“SMEs”) and supporting the recovery of the Greek economy. 
To the extent that part of the NPE decrease is achieved through sales of loans at prices below their net 
carrying amount, the Group may recognize additional charges in such periods. If the levels of additional 
charges are significant, the Group could be required to raise additional capital to absorb any losses. 
Furthermore, the Group anticipates that stress tests or other supervisory exercises analysing the strength 
and resilience of the European banking sector will continue to be carried out by national and supranational 
supervisory authorities in future periods. (See also “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – EU-
wide stress test 2020” below).  
Loss of confidence in the European banking sector following the announcement of any future stress tests, 
a market perception that any such tests are not sufficiently rigorous or capital shortfalls identified by such 
stress tests or by any other supervisory exercises that assess the classification and provisioning practices 
applied by the Group could also have a negative effect on the Group’s operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, the results of any stress tests or other supervisory exercises may result in a requirement for 
the Group to raise additional capital. 
There is uncertainty about the Issuer’s ability to continue as a “going concern”. 
The going concern basis of the Issuer is dependent on access to the Eurosystem facilities, the Issuer’s and 
the Group’s CET1 ratio exceeding the OCR and recent developments regarding the Greek economy, 
including the latest estimates regarding macroeconomic indicators and measures that have been adopted in 
2020 in order to provide support to the European banking system and to the Greek economy in dealing 
with COVID-19. Management concluded that the Issuer is a going concern and that the application of the 
going concern principle for the preparation of the interim financial statements as at 30 September 2020 is 
appropriate after considering (a) the current level of ECB funding solely from Targeted Long-term 
Refinancing Operations (“TLTROs”) and the current access to the Eurosystem facilities with significant 
collateral buffer and Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) well 
above 100%, (b) the Group’s CET1 ratio at 30 September 2020 which exceeded the OCR, and (c) the 
unprecedented response to the COVID-19 crisis from European and Greek authorities to provide both 
fiscal and monetary support, (see “The Issuer – COVID-19 Outbreak - Response to COVID-19 crisis from 
Greek and European authorities”). 
However, slow progress in improving the internal liquidity generation capacity of the Greek economy, 
along with poor performance in attracting private funds, could maintain Greece’s reliance on Eurosystem 
funding at a relatively elevated level in the medium to longer term and may delay the anticipated recovery 
of the Greek economy. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to inflict high and rising human 
costs worldwide, leading the European and global economy to a sharp recession which started in March 
2020 and continues to date. Each of these considerations may create uncertainty about the Issuer’s ability 
to continue as a going concern.   
For additional information on the going concern analysis carried out by the Issuer, please refer to “Note 
2.2: Going concern” of the 2019 Annual Financial Statements, “Note 2.2: Going concern” of the June

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
2020 Interim Financial Statements and “Note 2.2: Going concern” of the September 2020 Interim 
Financial Statements, each of which is incorporated by reference herein.    
If the Issuer were to assess that the upcoming financial statements could not be prepared on a going-
concern basis, whether as a result of the considerations discussed above, or due to new considerations or 
risks, such event would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Recapitalisation and Receipt of State Aid 
As a recipient of state aid, the Issuer’s operational autonomy is constrained. 
As a result of recapitalisations in 2013 and 2015, each of which included State Aid within the meaning of 
applicable EU legislation, and in order for the HFSF to fulfil its objectives under the HFSF Law (as 
defined below), exercise its rights and obligations and comply with the commitments undertaken through 
the Financial Assistance Facility Agreement (“FFA”) signed on 19 August 2015 by and between the 
ESM, the Hellenic Republic, the Bank of Greece and the HFSF and the MoU signed on 19 August 2015 
between the ESM, on behalf of the European Commission, the Hellenic Republic and the Bank of Greece, 
the HFSF and the Issuer entered to a revised Relationship Framework Agreement dated 3 December 2015 
(the “Amended Relationship Framework Agreement”), which amended the initial Relationship 
Framework Agreement dated 10 July 2013 between the Issuer and the HFSF (the “Relationship 
Framework Agreement”). (See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – The Hellenic 
Financial Stability Fund – The Greek Recapitalisation Framework – Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement” below).  
Under European State Aid rules, the Issuer has undertaken certain commitments (the “Commitments”) 
and in 2015 submitted a Revised Restructuring Plan which was approved by the Directorate General for 
Competition on 4 December 2015 (the “2015 Revised Restructuring Plan”). In line with the 
Commitments undertaken, among others, the Issuer is not permitted to acquire any stake in any 
undertaking unless the purchase price is below certain thresholds or the acquisition takes place in the 
ordinary course of business or following relevant approval by the European Commission, according to the 
particular provisions of the Commitments. The Commitments also provide for certain procedures that the 
Issuer has to follow with respect to lending towards connected borrowers and risk monitoring 
requirements that the Issuer must fulfil. Finally, in the event that the Issuer is placed under liquidation, 
according to the legal framework concerning the HFSF, the HFSF (as shareholder) is satisfied in priority 
before the common shareholders.  
On 10 May 2019, the Directorate General for Competition of the European Commission approved the 
Issuer’s 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan (as defined in “The Issuer – History and Development of the 
Group - Revised Restructuring Plan as approved by the Directorate General for Competition on 10 May 
2019 (the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan)” below and, together with the 2015 Revised Restructuring 
Plan, the “Revised Restruturing Plans” and each a “Revised Restructuring Plan”).  
Some of the disposals contemplated by the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan, have not yet taken place, and 
may be undertaken by the Issuer at unattractive valuations or during unfavourable market conditions. The 
Issuer may not succeed in complying with all the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments given by 
the Hellenic Republic within the deadline (by the end of 2020) set in the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
for the Issuer the progress of which will be reviewed by the Monitoring Trustee in 2021. However, the 
European Commission could open an in-depth investigation (so-called “misuse of aid proceedings”) at the 
end of which it may find that additional or restructuring measures are required in order to find the State 
Aid received compatible with the internal market. In addition, it may result in the HFSF exercising full 
voting rights in respect of its shares in the Issuer, for which the relevant rights are currently restricted (see

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
“The HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Issuer and has and will 
continue to have the ability to exercise significant influence over the Group’s operations” below).  
The implementation of the Revised Restructuring Plans by the Issuer has had and might continue to have a 
significant impact on the Group’s business activity, operating results and financial position. Specifically, 
as part of the Revised Restructuring Plans and under European State Aid rules, the Issuer has undertaken a 
number of Commitments, both structural (such as the disposal of certain assets and subsidiaries, many of 
which have been completed) and behavioural, towards the Directorate General of the European 
Commission.  
Furthermore, the Commitments of the Hellenic Republic towards the European Commission also provide 
for the appointment of a monitoring trustee (the “Monitoring Trustee”) for each bank under 
restructuring, including the Issuer. The Monitoring Trustee acts on behalf of the European Commission 
and aims to ensure the compliance of the Issuer with such Commitments, and oversees the implementation 
of restructuring plans and the Issuer’s compliance with the applicable State Aid rules. See “Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Monitoring Trustee” below. Grant Thornton was appointed as the 
Issuer’s Monitoring Trustee on 16 January 2013. The Monitoring Trustee’s powers affect management’s 
discretion by imposing further supervision on the Issuer, which may affect business decisions and 
development strategies and limit the operational flexibility of the Group. 
The HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Issuer and has and will 
continue to have the ability to exercise significant influence over the Group’s operations. 
Under the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement governing the relationship between the Issuer 
and the HFSF, the HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Issuer. 
Although the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement provides that the Issuer’s decision making 
bodies will continue to determine independently, among other things, the Issuer’s commercial strategy and 
policy, the monitoring and veto powers held by the HFSF representative appointed to the Board of 
Directors (appointed since June 2012 pursuant to Greek Law 3864/2010) restrict the discretion of the 
Issuer’s management. Accordingly, as a result of the Issuer’s participation in recapitalization programmes, 
the HFSF is able to exercise significant influence over the operations of the Issuer.  
Pursuant to the provisions of the HFSF Law, the HFSF’s appointed representative has enumerated powers 
to veto key corporate decisions of the Issuer and exercise other powers relating to corporate governance.  
In addition to the provisions of the HFSF Law, and pursuant to the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement, the HFSF has a series of information rights with respect to matters pertaining to the Issuer. 
Additionally, as prescribed by the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF 
representative shall be appointed as member in all Board Committees, while the HFSF observer 
(participates in the Board without voting rights) will also be appointed in all Committees. Finally, the 
Issuer is obliged to obtain the prior approval of the HFSF on a number of material matters, determined in 
detail within the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement. 
Consequently, there is a risk that the HFSF may exercise the rights it has to exert influence over the Issuer 
and may disagree with certain of the Issuer’s decisions relating to Board of Directors or other management 
appointments, dividend distributions, benefits policies and other commercial and management decisions 
which will ultimately limit the Group’s operational flexibility. 
As at 1 February 2021, the HFSF holds 355,986,916 common shares having full voting rights, 
representing 38.92% of the Issuer’s share capital, while it also holds 13,481,859, representing 1.47% of 
the Issuer’s share capital consisting of common shares with restrictions on the exercise of the voting rights 
as per Article 7a of the HFSF Law as in force, which could be lifted upon certain conditions, for example 
if the HFSF General Council concludes that there is a breach of material obligations which are included in

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
the restructuring plan or which promote its implementation or which are described in the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement. See “The Issuer – Major Shareholders – Common Shares” below. 
Furthermore, the HFSF also has interests in other Greek financial institutions and an interest in the health 
of the Greek banking industry and other industries generally, and those interests may not always be 
aligned with the commercial interests of the Group or those of its shareholders. 
Risks Relating to the Group’s Business 
The high level of NPEs has had and may continue to have in the future a negative impact on the Group’s 
operations. 
NPEs represented 29.9% of the Group’s loans as at 30 June 2020 (compared to 31.3% as at 31 December 
2019 and 40.9% as at 31 December 2018). The effect of the economic crisis in Greece and of the COVID-
19 pandemic (see “The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition.” below), as well as adverse macroeconomic conditions in the countries 
in which the Group operates may result in adverse effects on the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers, 
leading to delinquencies and defaults. In accordance with Greek Law 3869/2010, as amended and in force, 
individuals who are in a state of permanent inability to pay their debts not attributable to wilful 
misconduct, have the ability to adjust their debts and may be released from a portion of such debts through 
filing of an application to the competent court (see “Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals” 
and “Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral” within “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece” below). At 31 December 2019 and 30 June 2020, 52,492 and 49,885 customers that had applied 
to the court under the provisions of Greek Law 3869/2010 had outstanding balances of €3,089 million and 
€2,893 million respectively. In addition, the Group may not be able to enforce certain collateral in 
enforcement proceedings for real estate used as the main residence of the debtors, subject to certain 
conditions as described in “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Restrictions on Enforcement 
of Granted Collateral”. Future provisions for NPEs could have a materially adverse effect on the Group’s 
profitability. 
The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition. 
The recent outbreak of COVID-19, with effects including potentially deadly respiratory tract infections, 
has disrupted and is expected to continue disrupting financial markets and the operations of businesses 
worldwide. In the first quarter of 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of COVID-
19 a pandemic. COVID-19 has caused a significant global economic downturn which has adversely 
affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, the Group’s business and results of operations.  
The future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Greek and the global economies and the Group’s 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition remain uncertain. The COVID-19 
pandemic has resulted in authorities in affected areas implementing numerous restrictive measures 
attempting to contain the spread and impact of COVID-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, 
quarantines, shelter in place orders, and limitations on business activity, including closures. While many 
of these measures have been gradually lifted or partially relaxed, especially in Europe, significant 
restrictions on international travel and certain types of business activity remain and certain restrictions that 
had been relaxed are being re-imposed in some countries in response to increasing infection rates. These 
measures have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, businesses, market 
participants, the Group’s counterparties and customers as well as the Greek and the global economies for a 
prolonged period of time.  If the Group’s customers are unable to repay their loans due to the pandemic, 
this could increase default rates and result in increased credit impairments. The COVID-19 pandemic led 
to the activation of the Group’s Crisis Management Committee in February 2020 with the aim of dealing 
with increased measures regarding the health and safety of the Group’s employees, business continuity

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
through remote working and customer support in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group 
continues to manage the increased operational risk relating to the execution of its business continuity 
plans in accordance with the Group’s Risk Framework Operational Risk Management Programme and its 
Business Continuity Management Systems.    
The deterioration of financial conditions has increased the Group’s impairment charges for expected credit 
losses (“ECL”) and has led to loan modification programmes. The Group has offered, and continues to 
offer, a number of COVID-19 related relief measures to its customers within the context of EBA 
guidelines and government and sector initiatives. Such measures include the option to defer the payment 
of principal instalments on loans for the period 1 March 2020 to 31 December 2020.  See further “The 
Issuer – COVID-19 outbreak – Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities”. The 
Group also evaluated its assets, including intangibles and equity investments, for potential impairment, 
and reviewed fair values of financial instruments that are carried at fair value.  Based upon the Group’s 
review as of 30 September 2020, no significant impairments have been recorded for the Group and the 
Issuer with the exception of the impairment charge for ECL relating to loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost, and there have been no significant changes in fair values and in fair value hierarchy 
classifications.   
The COVID-19 outbreak is a new emerging risk and the Issuer is unable to predict the ultimate impact 
from COVID-19 on the results of operations, prospects, financial condition and business of the Group. 
The financial strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have been and are expected to continue to be 
extensive in the Group’s markets, and deteriorating financial conditions in Greece have led to an increase, 
and will likely lead to further increases, in the Group’s credit impairments. Furthermore, uncertainty 
remains with regards to the extent and timing of the Greek and/or global economic recovery to pre-
COVID-19 levels.   The situation caused by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess, and the situation 
is changing rapidly. Therefore, substantial uncertainty remains as to the full impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the Group’s results of operations, prospects, financial condition and business in future 
periods. The ultimate impact, which may be material and adverse, will depend on ongoing developments 
in the pandemic, including the success of containment measures and other actions taken by the Greek and 
European authorities in response to the crisis, the possibility of further waves leading to the re-imposition 
of severe lockdown measures, the timing for effective containment of the virus, as well as the overall 
condition and outlook of the Greek and the global economies. See also “The Issuer - COVID-19 outbreak 
- Risks and responses related to the COVID-19 crisis.” 
The Group’s loan portfolio may continue to contract. 
As the Greek economy has remained in recession, in the current economic environment, the Group’s 
domestic loan portfolio may continue to decline, and its foreign loan portfolio may also decline. 
Furthermore, there are a limited number of high credit quality customers in Greece to whom banking 
services may be provided in the Group’s target markets. Developments in the Group’s loan portfolio will 
be affected by, among other factors, the health of the Greek economy in light of the economic crisis, the 
lifting of capital controls imposed on Greek banks (effective 1 September 2019) and the post-programme 
surveillance following the completion of the Third Programme. The continuing decline in the Group’s 
loan portfolio, in combination with past due loans, could further reduce the Group’s net interest income, 
and this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk. 
As a result of the Group’s activities, it is exposed to a variety of risks. Among the most significant of these 
risks are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk. Failure to control these 
risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, 
prospects and reputation.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
Credit Risk. Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to honour its 
contractual obligations. It arises in lending activities as well as in various other activities where the 
Group is exposed to the risk of counterparty default, such as its trading, capital markets and 
settlement activities. Credit risk is the largest single risk the Group faces.  
• 
Market Risk. Market risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from 
adverse movements in interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, and their 
levels of volatility. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s 
net interest margin. Changes in currency exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The 
performance of financial markets or financial conditions generally may cause changes in the value 
of the Group’s investment and trading portfolios. The Group has implemented risk management 
methods to mitigate and control these and other market risks to which its portfolios are also 
exposed. However, it is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions 
and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Group’s financial performance and 
business operations. See “Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest 
income and have other adverse consequences” and "The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and 
volatility in the global financial markets” below. 
• 
Liquidity Risk. Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital 
arising from an entity’s inability to meet its liabilities when they come due without incurring 
significant losses. It reflects the potential mismatch of payment obligations to incoming payments, 
taking into account unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly high 
payment outflows (withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity risk involves both the risk of unexpected 
increases in the cost of funding a portfolio of assets at appropriate maturities and rates, and the risk 
of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner on reasonable terms. The severity of 
pressure experienced by the Hellenic Republic in its public finances and credit downgrades has 
restricted the access to markets for the Issuer (see “If additional ECB or ELA funding is needed in 
the future it will be subject to ECB rules relating to the eligibility and valuation of collateral used 
for funding such as Greek government bonds” above). 
• 
Operational Risk. Operational risk corresponds to the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed internal 
processes/systems, or due to external events, whether deliberate, accidental or natural occurrences. 
Internal events include, but are not limited to, fraud by employees, clerical and record keeping 
errors and information systems malfunctions or manipulations. External events include pandemics, 
floods, fires, earthquakes, riots or terrorist attacks, fraud by outsiders and equipment failures. 
Finally, the Group may also fail to comply with regulatory requirements or conduct of business 
rules. 
• 
Insurance Risk. The principal risk that the Group may face is that the actual claims and benefit 
payments, or the timing thereof, differ from expectations. This could occur because the frequency or 
severity of claims is greater than estimated. Depending on the insurance product, this risk is 
influenced by macroeconomic changes, changes in customer behaviour, changes in public health, 
pandemics and catastrophic events such as earthquakes, industrial disasters, fires, riots or terrorism. 
Although management believes that its risk management and risk mitigation policies are adequate, the 
Group’s risk management processes may not prevent all instances of fraud or otherwise allow it to 
mitigate or fully manage the above risks. In addition, the weak Greek economy as well as continuing 
volatility as a result of market forces out of the Group’s control could cause the Issuer’s liquidity position 
to deteriorate. Such deterioration would increase funding costs and limit the Issuer’s capacity to increase 
its credit portfolio and the total amount of its assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other adverse 
consequences. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary 
policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, as well as other factors. There can 
be no assurance that further events will not alter the interest rate environment in Greece and the other 
markets in which the Group operates. Cost of funding is especially at risk for the Issuer. 
In the current interest rate climate, central banks of the major developed economies (including the US 
Federal Reserve, the ECB, the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan, among others) are widely 
perceived to have a significant influence on the volatility and direction of short-term rates. The method 
and rate at which central banks adjust their target rates cannot be predicted, nor can the effects that 
changes in such rates will have, be anticipated. 
There are risks involved in both an increase of rates and a prolonged period of low or negative interest 
rates. Variations in short term interest rates could affect the Group’s net interest income, reducing its 
growth rate and potentially resulting in losses. When interest rates rise, the Group may be required to pay 
higher interest on floating rate borrowings while interest earned on fixed rate assets does not rise as 
quickly, which could cause profits to grow at a reduced rate or decline. 
Conversely, increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans the Group originates. Sustained 
high interest rates have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in increased 
delinquencies in outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in interest rates may 
also reduce the propensity of the Group’s customers to prepay or refinance fixed rate loans, reduce the 
value of its financial assets and reduce gains or require it to record losses on sales of loans or securities. 
If interest rates decrease, although this is likely to reduce the Group’s funding costs, it is likely to 
compress the Group’s interest margin, as well as adversely impact income from investments in securities 
and loans with similar maturities, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s operating results, 
financial condition and prospects. 
Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rates the Group charges on its interest earning 
assets differently from the interest rates it pays on its interest-bearing liabilities. This difference could 
reduce the Group’s net interest income. Since the majority of the Group’s loan portfolio effectively re 
prices within a year, rising interest rates may also result in an increase in the Group’s allowance for loan 
losses if customers cannot refinance in a higher interest rate environment. Further, an increase in interest 
rates may reduce the Group’s clients’ capacity to repay in the current economic circumstances. 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks. 
The general scarcity of wholesale funding since the onset of the economic crisis may lead to a significant 
increase in competition for retail deposits in Greece among the four largest banks (including the Issuer) 
and other smaller banks, which means that the Issuer may have to pay higher rates to attract equivalent 
levels of deposits. The Issuer faces competition from foreign banks in its banking operations outside of 
Greece, some of which may have resources greater than that of the Issuer. The Issuer may not be able to 
continue to compete successfully with domestic and international banks in the future. These competitive 
pressures may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer operates a branch and a subsidiary in the United Kingdom which may be affected by the 
United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. 
The UK left the EU as of 31 January 2020 (“Brexit”) and the transition period ended on 31 December 
2020. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union have ceased to apply to the UK.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the 
European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community dated 24 January 2020 provided the UK 
with a transitional period until 31 December 2020, during which the UK was bound by EU rules despite 
not being its member state and remained in the single market area, while the future terms of the UK's 
relationship with the EU were being negotiated.  
On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK agreed on the Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement”), which sets out the principles of the relationship between the EU and the 
UK following the end of the transitional period. The European Commission initially proposed to apply the 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement on a provisional basis for a limited time until 28 February 2021. On 
request by the EU, this deadline has now been moved to 30 April 2021, by which time the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement must be approved by the European Parliament.  
Given the recent agreement on the wording of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and its provisional 
application, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the exact terms of the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement, its practical application and the overall relationship of the UK and the EU is not fully clear. 
Any further delays with the approval of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement by the European 
Parliament, its potential problematic provisions or its potential uncertain interpretation could adversely 
and significantly affect European or worldwide economic or market conditions and may contribute to 
instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets. In addition, it would likely lead to legal 
uncertainty and divergent national laws and regulations. The precise impact on the business of the Issuer 
is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or the market value and/or 
the liquidity of the Covered Bonds in the secondary market.  
The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. 
The evolving second COVID-19 wave clouds the global economic outlook. In the euro area, real GDP 
recovered sharply in the third quarter of 2020, increasing by +12.5% quarter on quarter (-4.3% year over 
year) following a sharp decline of -11.7% quarter on quarter in the second quarter of 2020 (-14.7% year 
over year). However, a return to negative growth in the fourth quarter of 2020 is expected, as containment 
measures are re-imposed in many euro area economies. Overall, the euro area GDP growth for the year 
2020 is currently anticipated at -7.3% year on year, followed by a partial recovery in 2021 (+4.0% year on 
year). Notably, there is extraordinary uncertainty embedded in these forecasts, as the outlook is highly 
dependent on factors linked to the pandemic, namely the path of epidemiological data, the respective 
medical developments and the behavioural responses by households and corporates.   
Principal risks for the euro area economy mainly relate to more adverse pandemic developments, which 
would also lead to a further tightening and a longer duration of restrictions resulting in declining economic 
activity, rising corporate default rates and higher unemployment, despite supportive monetary and fiscal 
policies. Other risks involve policy uncertainty mainly linked to Brexit developments. These factors, 
among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery, with a corresponding adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Financial market volatility could edge higher, with a corresponding material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, including the Group’s ability to fund its operations. 
Results of operations in Greece in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially 
affected by many factors of a global nature, including: political and regulatory risks and the condition of 
public finances; the availability and cost of capital; the liquidity of global markets; the level and volatility 
of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates; currency values; the availability and cost of funding; 
inflation; the stability and solvency of financial institutions and other companies; investor sentiment and 
confidence in the financial markets; or a combination of the above factors.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Adverse developments could also be triggered by Eurozone sovereign and corporate debt stress as the 
massive fiscal and monetary policy measures employed to stem the negative economic repercussions from 
the pandemic suggest more strains for the balance sheets of sovereigns and corporates when the COVID-
19 crisis ends. A rise in corporate defaults and subsequently of non-performing loans could also induce 
banking stress, combined with the challenging low to negative interest rate operating environment, as well 
as a potentially weaker than expected performance of the Greek economy. 
These developments could: 
• 
further directly impact the carrying amount of the Group’s portfolio of Greek government debt; 
• 
further directly impact the impairment losses for receivables relating to the Hellenic Republic; 
• 
severely affect the Group’s ability to raise capital and meet minimum regulatory capital 
requirements; and  
• 
severely limit the Group’s ability to access liquidity.  
The Group’s economic hedging may not prevent losses. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that the Group uses to economically hedge its exposure 
to market risk is not effective, the Group may incur losses. The Group does not economically hedge all of 
its risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. In the Group’s view, the principal 
market risk to which it is exposed, which is not fully economically hedged, is the sovereign credit risk of 
the Hellenic Republic, in respect of which the Group does not maintain any hedging positions (such as, for 
example, credit default swaps). 
 
The Group has incurred and may continue to incur significant losses on its trading and investment 
activities due to market fluctuations and volatility. 
The Group maintains trading and investment positions in debt, currency, equity and other markets. These 
positions could be adversely affected by continuing volatility in financial and other markets, creating a 
risk of losses. Significant decline in perceived or actual values of the Group’s assets has resulted from 
previous market events. 
Continuing volatility and further dislocation affecting certain financial markets and asset classes could 
further impact the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In the future these 
factors could have an impact on the mark to market valuations of assets in the Group’s Hold to Collect 
and Sell (“HTCS”) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) bond 
portfolios, trading portfolios and financial assets and liabilities for which the fair value option has been 
elected. In addition, any further deterioration in the performance of the assets in the Group’s investment 
securities portfolios could lead to additional impairment losses, including the Group’s holdings of Greek 
government bonds. 
The Group could be exposed to significant future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities. 
The employees of the Issuer and certain of its subsidiaries participate in employee-managed pension 
schemes, retirement and medical benefit plans. The Issuer and certain of the Issuer’s subsidiaries make 
significant defined contributions to these schemes. In addition, the Issuer and several of its subsidiaries 
offer certain defined benefit plans. The Group’s consolidated retirement benefit obligations under these 
plans is determined by reference to a number of critical assumptions. These include assumptions about 
movements in interest rates which may not be realised. Potential variations may cause the Group to incur 
significantly increased liability in respect of these obligations.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Group, like any other credit institution, is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities of any 
form, which, if not dealt with in a timely manner and successfully, could have negative effects on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to rules and regulations related to combating money laundering and terrorism 
financing in the jurisdictions where it operates. Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist 
financing rules entails significant cost and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious 
consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the Group believes that 
its current anti money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to 
ensure compliance with applicable legislation, it cannot guarantee that they will comply at all times with 
all rules applicable to money laundering and terrorism financing as extended to the entire Group and 
applied to its staff in all circumstances. A possible violation, or even any suspicion of a violation of these 
rules, may have serious adverse legal and financial impacts, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and 
vulnerable to an increasing risk of continually evolving cyber security or other technological risks which 
could result in the unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client or customer 
information, damage to its reputation, additional costs to the Group, regulatory penalties and financial 
losses. 
A significant portion of the Group’s operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and 
transmission of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex 
transactions on a minute-by-minute basis. The Group stores an extensive amount of personal and 
client-specific information for its retail, corporate and governmental customers and clients and must 
accurately record and reflect their extensive account transactions. Furthermore, the Group has seen an 
increase recently in remote working for employees as well as in increase in digital transactions and remote 
access to the Group’s products by clients in view of current conditions resulting from the COVID-19 
pandemic. These activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of cyber-
attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. 
Although the Group endeavours to safeguard its systems and processes and strive to continuously monitor 
and develop them to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation, its computer 
systems, software and networks have been and will continue to be exposed and possibly vulnerable to 
unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account 
takeovers, unavailability of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber attacks and other 
external attacks or events, as well as internal breaches. These threats may derive from human error, fraud 
or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. If 
one or more of these events occurs, it could result in the disclosure of confidential client information, 
damage to the Group’s reputation with its clients and the market, additional costs to it (such as repairing 
systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies), regulatory penalties and financial losses to 
both the Group and its clients. Such events could also cause interruptions or malfunctions in the Group’s 
operations (such as the lack of availability of its online banking systems) or otherwise hinder its 
operational effectiveness, as well as the operations of its clients, customers or other third parties. Given 
the volume of the Group transactions, certain errors or actions may be repeated or compounded before 
they are discovered and rectified, which would further increase these costs and consequences. 
In addition, third parties with which the Group does business may also be sources of cyber security or 
other technological risks. The Group outsources a limited number of supporting functions, such as printing 
of customer credit card statements, which results in the storage and processing of customer information. 
Although the Group adopts a range of actions to eliminate the exposure resulting from outsourcing, such 
as not allowing third-party access to the production systems and operating a highly controlled IT 
environment, unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data or other cyber incidents could occur, 
resulting in similar costs and consequences to the Group as those discussed above.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The EU General Data Protection Regulation was directly applicable in Greece as of 25 May 2018 and the 
penalties in case of personal data leakage could impact the Issuer and the Group. 
While the Group maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover 
certain aspects of cyber risks such as fraud and financial crime, such insurance coverage may be 
insufficient to cover all losses. 
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time or may not be accurate.  
In establishing the fair value of certain financial instruments, the Group relies on quoted market prices or, 
where the market for a financial instrument is not sufficiently active, internal valuation models that utilise 
observable financial market data. In certain circumstances, the data for individual financial instruments or 
classes of financial instruments utilised by such valuation models may not be available or may become 
unavailable due to changes in financial market conditions. In such circumstances, the Group’s internal 
valuation models require it to make assumptions, judgments and estimates to establish fair value. In 
common with other financial institutions, these internal valuation models are complex, and the 
assumptions, judgments and estimates the Group is often required to make relate to matters that are 
inherently uncertain, such as expected cash flows. Such assumptions, judgments and estimates may need 
to be updated to reflect changing facts, trends and market conditions. The resulting change in the fair 
values of the financial instruments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s earnings and 
financial condition. Also, market volatility can challenge the factual bases of certain underlying 
assumptions and has made it difficult to value certain of the Group’s instruments. Valuations in future 
periods, reflecting prevailing market conditions, may result in changes in the fair values of these 
instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The loss of senior management may adversely affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategy. 
The Group’s current senior management team includes a number of experienced executives the Group 
believes contribute significant experience and expertise to its management in the banking sectors in which 
the Issuer operates. The continued performance of the Group’s business and its ability to execute its 
business strategy will depend, in large part, on the efforts of the senior management of the Group. 
Furthermore, a potential change in share ownership percentages and shareholders rights or a situation of 
effective control by the HFSF could lead to the departure of certain senior managers. If a substantial 
number of the Group’s senior management team leave the Group, its business may be materially adversely 
affected. 
The Group may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and/or qualified personnel. 
The Group’s competitive position depends, in part, on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. Competition in the Greek and South-
eastern European banking industries for personnel with relevant expertise is intense due to the relatively 
limited availability of qualified individuals. To recruit qualified and experienced employees and to 
minimize the possibility of their departure, the Group provides compensation packages consistent with 
evolving standards in the relevant labour markets.  
The HFSF representative has the right to veto any decision of the Board of Directors regarding the 
distribution of dividends and the benefits and bonus policy concerning the Chairman, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the other members of the Board of Directors, as well as whoever exercises the general 
manager’s powers and their deputies, while consent of the HFSF must be sought regarding the 
abovementioned decisions. Moreover, consent of the HFSF must also be sought regarding the 
remuneration of the Group and benefits policies and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
thereof, or decisions/policies affecting the above policies, including any voluntary retirement/separation 
schemes. 
Additionally, restrictions on variable remuneration under CRD IV (as defined below) have been 
implemented into Greek Law. 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
The Group’s business is subject to increasingly complex regulation which may increase its compliance 
costs and capital requirements. 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates. All of these regulatory requirements have changed, are continuing to 
change, and are subject to further change following the unprecedented levels of government intervention 
and changes to the regulations governing financial institutions, as a result of the financial crisis. In 
response to the global financial crisis, national governments as well as supranational groups, such as the 
EU, have implemented significant changes to the existing regulatory frameworks for financial institutions, 
including those pertaining to supervision, capital adequacy, liquidity, resolution and the scope of banks’ 
operations and those pertaining to investors’ protection and financial products’ governance requirements. 
Since 4 November 2014, the Group has been a significant entity in the Eurozone supervised by the ECB 
(the “Single Supervision Mechanism” or “SSM”) and is subject to continuous evaluation of its capital 
adequacy, and could be requested to operate with higher than minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity 
ratios. The supervisory regime applicable to European banks is undergoing a period of change since the 
SSM took responsibility for the prudential supervision of banks in the Eurozone in November 2014. 
Competent Authorities will continue to be responsible for supervisory matters not conferred on the ECB, 
such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and branches of third country banks, 
besides supporting ECB in day to day supervision. In light of the new supervision legal framework the 
ECB and the competent national authorities shall carry out a SREP at least on an annual basis. In this view 
the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) published on 19 December 2014 the final guidelines for 
common procedures and methodologies in respect of the SREP (“SREP Guidelines”). Such SREP 
Guidelines draw a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional Pillar 2 
own funds requirement implemented since 1 January 2016. On 31 October 2017, the EBA launched a 
public consultation to review, among others, the EBA 2014 Guidelines with the aim to further enhance an 
institution’s risk management and the convergence among national regulators of their supervisory role in 
the SREP. The latest revised SREP guidelines were issued on 19 July 2018. They reflect the on-going 
policy initiatives related to Pillar 2/SREP, which include, among other things, the introduction of Pillar 2 
capital guidance (“P2G”), the integration of supervisory stress testing requirements and supervisory 
assessment of banks’ stress testing from the EBA Consultation Paper on Guidelines on stress testing and 
supervisory stress testing 2, clarification of certain aspects of scoring, further details on the articulation of 
total SREP capital requirements (“TSCR”) and overall capital requirements (“OCR”), and various 
consistency checks with relevant EBA standards and guidelines that came into force after the publication 
of the original SREP Guidelines in 2014. 
Following the completion of the 2019 SREP cycle, in December 2019 the Issuer received the final SREP 
Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2020. In particular based on 
2019 SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2020 remained stable at 3%, but OCR increased to 
14% (from 13.75% in 2019) due to the phase-in of the Other Systemically Important Institutions (“O-
SII”) buffer (0.25%). The OCR increased to 16% due to the application of the P2G (2%) as of 2020. 
However, on 12 Mach 2020, ECB provided temporary capital and operational relief to EU banks in 
reaction to COVID-19. In particular, the ECB is allowing banks to operate temporarily (until at least the 
end of 2022) below the level of capital defined by the P2G, the capital conservation buffer (“CCB”) and 
the countercyclical capital buffer (“CcyB” - not applicable for Greece). In addition, the banks can partially 
cover the P2R with the use of AT1 (18.75% of P2R) and/or Tier 2 (25% of P2R) capital instruments. On

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
that basis, and taking into account that a) the ECB has not issued a SREP decision for the 2020 SREP 
cycle and P2R and P2G requirements remain unchanged and b) BoG suspended the phase-in of the O-SII 
for 2021, the OCR for the rest of 2020 reduced to 11.5% and will remain at the same level for 2021 as 
well. 
The SSM might impose new compliance, governance or system and control mandates that will increase 
compliance costs for the Issuer. As a result of these and other ongoing and possible future changes in the 
financial services regulatory framework (including requirements imposed by virtue of the Group’s 
participation in any Greek government or regulator-led initiatives, such as the Hellenic Republic’s Bank 
Support Plan), the Group will face greater regulation in the Hellenic Republic and SEE. Current and future 
regulatory requirements may be different across each of these locations and even requirements with 
EEA-wide application may be implemented or applied differently in different jurisdictions. 
Compliance with these new requirements will increase the Group’s regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements and may increase its compliance costs and disclosure requirements, restrict certain types of 
transactions, affect its strategy and limit or require the modification of rates or fees that it charges on 
certain loans and other products, any of which could lower the return on the Group’s investments, assets 
and equity. The Group may also face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue 
certain business opportunities. The Group cannot predict the effect of any such changes on its business, 
financial condition, cash flows or future prospects. 
The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes. 
The Issuer and the Group are required by the SSM and the regulators in the Hellenic Republic and other 
countries in which they undertake regulated activities to maintain minimum levels of capital and liquidity. 
The Issuer, its regulated subsidiaries and its branches may be subject to the risk of having insufficient 
capital resources to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity requirements. In addition, those 
minimum regulatory capital requirements may increase in the future, or the methods of calculating capital 
resources may change. Likewise, liquidity requirements are under heightened scrutiny, and may place 
additional stress on the Group’s liquidity demands in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Changes in 
regulatory requirements may require the Group to raise additional capital. Directive 2013/36/EU, as 
amended, (the “CRD IV Directive”) and the EU Regulation 575/2013, as amended, (the “Capital 
Requirements Regulation” or “CRR” and, together with the CRD IV Directive, the “CRD IV”) which 
incorporate the key amendments that were adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(known as “Basel III”) have been directly applicable in all Member States since 1 January 2014, with 
particular elements being phased in over a period of time (the requirements are largely fully effective and 
some minor transitional provisions provide for phase-in until 2024) but it is possible that in practice 
implementation under national laws may be delayed. Additionally, it is possible that Member States may 
introduce certain provisions at an earlier date than that set out in the CRD IV. In addition, on 23 
November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the CRR, 
CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and Regulation 806/2014, as amended, (the “SRM Regulation”) (together, 
the “EC Proposals”) which proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process prior to 
formal approval of the final text by the European Council in May 2019. Amendments to the BRRD to 
introduce a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt entered into force on 28 December 2017 and 
were transposed into Greek Law on 18 December 2018 by Greek Law 4583/2018. The final text of the EC 
Proposals was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into 
force on 27 June 2019. Among other things, these proposals aim to implement a number of new Basel 
standards (such as the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, market risk rules and requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities) into European law. CRR II (as defined below) is directly applicable to 
the Issuer and shall apply from 28 June 2021, subject to certain exceptions. However, the CRD V 
Directive (as defined below) will need to be transposed into Greek Law before taking effect. Member 
States shall, with certain exceptions, adopt and publish by 28 December 2020 the measures necessary to 
comply with the CRD V Directive.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
On 18 December 2018, Greek Law 4583/2018 entered into force, transposing Directive 2017/2399/EU, 
which amended the ranking of claims from unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. 
Pursuant to the aforesaid amendment of article 145A of Greek Law 4261/2014, any claims deriving from 
debt instruments issued by credit institutions which (i) are not contractually subordinated and (ii) do not 
qualify as senior non-preferred debt instruments (as the latter are defined in the same article) are included 
in the last class of preferred liabilities in the insolvency hierarchy, which is pari passu with all claims 
against the credit institution which do not have a higher preferred ranking, including, inter alia, claims 
from agreements for the provision of goods and services and derivatives. Before the entry into force of the 
above-mentioned amendment, claims from unsecured debt instruments were excluded from all classes of 
preferred liabilities, subject to explicitly provided for exemptions. The same article defines senior non-
preferred notes, as debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (a) the original contractual 
maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; (b) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and 
they are not themselves derivatives; and (c) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, 
the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for by article 145A 
of Greek Law 4261/2014. 
The Capital Requirements Regulation defines the minimum capital requirements (Pillar 1 requirements) 
and the CRD IV Directive defines the combined buffer requirements for EU institutions. In addition, the 
CRD IV Directive provides (Articles 97 et seq.) that Competent Authorities regularly carry out the SREP, 
to assess and measure risks not covered, or not fully covered, under Pillar 1 and determine additional 
capital and liquidity requirements (Pillar 2 requirements). SREP is conducted under the lead of the ECB. 
The SREP decision is tailored to each bank’s individual profile. Implementing regulations in Greece under 
the CRD IV or higher SREP requirements may impose higher capital requirements, such as higher 
prudential buffers, which may require the Group to raise further capital. See “Regulation and Supervision 
of Banks in Greece – Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM)” below. 
Furthermore, on 20 March 2017, the ECB published its final “Guidance to banks on non-performing 
loans”, setting out expectations in relation to strategy, governance, and operations. On 15 March 2018, the 
ECB launched the final addendum to the aforementioned ECB guidance on NPLs. The addendum sets out 
supervisory expectations for minimum levels of prudential provisioning for new NPLs and reinforces the 
guidance with regards to fostering timely provisioning and write off practices, and may be amended from 
time to time. 
On 14 March 2018, the European Commission presented a package of measures to tackle high NPL ratios 
in Europe. 
On 31 October 2018 the European Banking Authority published its final guidelines on management of 
non-performing and forborne exposures (the “EBA NPE Guidelines”). The EBA NPE Guidelines applied 
from 30 June 2019. They are developed in accordance with the European Council Action Plan, aim to 
ensure that credit institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks in place to manage 
effectively their NPEs and to achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. To this end, the EBA 
NPE Guidelines require institutions to establish NPE reduction strategies and introduce governance and 
operational requirements to support them. The EBA NPE Guidelines specify sound risk management 
practices for credit institutions in their management of NPEs and forborne exposures (“FBEs”), including 
requirements on NPE reduction strategies, governance and operations of NPE workout framework, 
internal control framework and monitoring. The EBA NPE Guidelines also set out requirements for 
processes to recognise NPEs and FBEs, as well as a forbearance granting process with a focus on the 
viability of forbearance measures. In particular, the EBA NPE Guidelines specify that institutions should 
grant forbearance measures only with the view to return the borrower to a sustainable performing 
repayment status and are thus in the borrower's interest. The EBA NPE Guidelines introduce a threshold 
of 5% of gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing NPE strategies and applying associated governance 
and operational arrangements. Finally, the EBA NPE Guidelines outline requirements for competent 
authorities' assessment of credit institutions' NPE management activity as part of the SREP.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The above measures and guidelines will have an impact on the Group’s risk management, governance or 
control systems as these relate to its management of NPEs and FBEs, as well as on how the SSM assesses 
the Group’s capital requirements for NPEs and FBEs. 
If the Issuer or the Group does not satisfy the minimum capital requirements (taking into account relevant 
combined buffer requirements) in the future, it may be subject to the measures that the SSM can take 
pursuant to Greek Law 4261/2014 which transposed into Greek Law the CRD IV Directive (the “CRD 
Law”) and Regulation 1024/2013, including appointment of a commissioner to the Issuer (see 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below). 
If the Issuer is required to raise further capital but is unable to do so on acceptable terms, the Group may 
be required to further reduce the amount of the Issuer’s risk weighted assets and thus engage in further 
disposal of core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a timely basis or achieve prices 
which would otherwise be attractive to the Issuer. Any failure to maintain minimum regulatory capital 
ratios could result in administrative actions or other sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. If the Issuer is required to 
strengthen its capital position, it may not be possible for the Issuer to raise additional capital from the 
financial markets or to dispose of marketable assets. That could potentially lead to further requests for 
State Aid pursuant to the provisions of Greek Law 3864/2010, as amended and in force (the “HFSF 
Law”) in the circumstances permitted under Greek Law 4335/2015 (the “BRR Law”) and the HFSF Law, 
which could result in the application of Burden Sharing Measures (as described in “The Issuer –History 
and Development of the Group–2015 Recapitalisation– Burden Sharing Measures” below. 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and may result 
in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the resolution of the 
Group. 
The BRRD provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set 
of resolution tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly to avoid a significant adverse 
effect on the financial system, to prevent threats to market infrastructures, to protect depositors and 
investors and to minimize reliance on public financial support. On 23 November 2016, the European 
Commission published the Proposals (see “The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a 
result of regulatory changes” above), including a proposal to amend certain provisions of the BRRD (the 
“BRRD Reforms”).  
On 18 December 2018, Greek Law 4583/2018 was published, transposing Directive 2017/2399 as an 
amendment of article 145A of Greek Law 4261/2014, which amended the ranking of claims from 
unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. Pursuant to the aforesaid amendment of article 
145A of Greek Law 4261/2014, any claims deriving from debt instruments issued by credit institutions 
which (i) are not contractually subordinated and (ii) do not qualify as senior non-preferred debt 
instruments (as the latter are defined in the same article) are included in the last class of preferred 
liabilities in the insolvency hierarchy, which is pari passu with all claims against the credit institution 
which do not have a higher preferred ranking, including, inter alia, claims from agreements for the 
provision of goods and services and derivatives. Before the entry into force of the above-mentioned 
amendment, claims from unsecured debt instruments were not included in any class of preferred liabilities, 
subject to explicitly provided for exemptions. The same article defines senior non-preferred notes, as debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: (a) the original contractual maturity of the debt 
instruments is at least one year; (b) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they are not 
themselves derivatives; and (c) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the 
prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for by article 145A of 
Greek Law 4261/2014.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The BRRD (as applicable before the entry into force of Directive (EU) 2017/2399) was transposed into 
Greek law by the BRR Law. The BRRD’s broad range of resolution tools and powers may be used alone 
or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that certain required conditions are 
met.  
Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms was formally approved by the European Council in May 2019 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Regulation (EU) 2019/877 
amended Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms. This Regulation shall apply from 28 December 2020. Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) amended Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. Member States shall bring into force 
the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by 28 
December 2020. Member States shall apply those measures as from the date of their entry into force in 
national law, which shall be no later than 28 December 2020, subject to certain exceptions. Greece, as 
most Member States, has yet to transpose the provisions of the abovementioned Directive. See “The 
Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” and see also below 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”. 
In addition to the bail in tool which is available for an institution in resolution, the BRRD provides for 
relevant resolution authorities with pre resolution powers to permanently write down or convert into 
equity capital instruments of the financial institution, including “CET1 instruments” (which includes 
ordinary shares), “Additional Tier 1 instruments” and “Tier 2 instruments” (each as defined under the 
CRD IV) at the point of non viability of the institution and before any other resolution action is taken, 
with losses taken in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (“Non 
Viability Loss Absorption”), as further described under “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
— Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below. For the purposes of the application of any Non-
Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the 
relevant resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no 
resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, in certain circumstances, its group, will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down/converted or extraordinary public 
support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution 
and/or, as appropriate, its group, would no longer be viable. 
The capital instruments write down and conversion power may be exercised independently of, or in 
combination with, the exercise of other resolution tools. These measures could be applied to certain of the 
Group’s instruments; the occurrence of circumstances in which write down or conversion powers would 
need to be exercised (or any perceived risk of such powers being exercised) would be likely to have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, in circumstances where capital instruments are converted into equity securities by 
application of the mandatory conversion tool, those equity securities may be subjected to the bail in 
powers in resolution, resulting in their cancellation, significant dilution or transfer away from the investors 
therein. 
EBA guidelines on “the interpretation of the different circumstances when an institution shall be 
considered as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications on the cases where an institution is assessed as 
“failing or likely to fail”. Executive Committee Act 111/31.01.2017 of the Bank of Greece took into 
consideration the abovementioned Guidelines and provided interpretation of the different circumstances 
when an institution shall be considered as failing or likely to fail regarding the implementation of the 
obligation of the Board of Directors of the institution to notify the Bank of Greece. An institution will be 
considered as failing or likely to fail after an assessment of the objective elements relating to the following 
areas:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
the capital position of an institution; 
• 
the liquidity position of an institution; and 
• 
any other requirements for continuing authorisation (including governance arrangements and 
operational capacity). 
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty 
regarding the specific factors which the relevant resolution authority would consider in deciding whether 
to exercise the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by 
that institution.  
Given the final discretion provided to the relevant resolution authority, it may be difficult to predict when, 
if at all, the exercise of any bail in power by the relevant resolution authorities, may occur which would 
result in a principal write off or conversion to equity. Accordingly, the threat of bail in or exercise of the 
write down or conversion power may affect trading behaviour, including prices and volatility, of the 
securities of any institution which the market perceives to be potentially considered as failing or likely to 
fail by the relevant resolution authority. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the 
above resolution tools (including the general bail in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As such, it is too early to anticipate the full 
impact of the BRRD, and there can be no assurance that creditors, shareholders and potential investors 
will not be adversely affected by actions taken under it. In addition, there can be no assurance that its 
application will not have a significant impact on the Group’s results of operations, business, assets, cash 
flows and financial condition, as well as on its funding activities and the products and services offered. 
In addition, the SRM Regulation establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
(“SRM”) and a Single Resolution Fund (the “Fund”). 
The SRM Regulation, which will complement the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need 
additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks supervised 
by the SSM, including the Issuer. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established under the SRM 
Regulation will be applied by a single resolution board (the “Single Resolution Board” or the “SRB”) 
together with the EU Council and the European Commission and the national resolution authorities within 
the framework of the SRM.  
On 11 October 2017, the European Commission urged the European Parliament and Council to progress 
quickly in the adoption of additional measures to tackle the remaining risks in the banking sector and 
suggested new actions to reduce NPLs and to help banks diversify their investment in sovereign bonds. 
The Group could be subject to any such additional measures or actions adopted which may result in 
additional compliance or capital requirements, and such measures or actions could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities under the BRRD may 
affect the Group’s profitability.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Since 2016, European banks have had to comply with the rules under the BRRD, which, inter alia, 
introduced the MREL. MREL aims to facilitate the orderly resolution of financial institutions by requiring 
them to hold at all times sufficient loss absorbing instruments to ensure that shareholders, subordinated 
creditors and senior unsecured creditors primarily bear losses in the event of resolution. MREL includes 
own funds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, ordinary shares) as well as eligible liabilities (as defined 
in the BRRD) and is expressed as a percentage of either risk weighted assets or total liabilities and own 
funds, as contemplated by the BRRD. The BRRD does not mandate a minimum threshold for MREL, but 
instead provides for a case by case assessment of the MREL for each institution or group, against a 
minimum set of criteria prescribed by the rules made under the BRRD and applied by the Single 
Resolution Board in the case of financial institutions which are located in the Banking Union, such as the 
Group. Article 45 of the BRRD, as amended by BRRD II, sets out a procedure for the determination of 
MREL. Commission Delegated Regulation 2016/1450 further defines the way in which resolution 
authorities, including the SRB, are to determine MREL.  
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the 
Banking Package (comprising CRR II, CRD V Directive, BRRD II and SRM II Regulation) in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. The Single Resolution Board has set binding MREL targets (at 
consolidated level) for the Issuer for 1 January 2022 and for the end of the transitional period which is the 
31 December 2025.  
The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended by the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “CRD V Directive”) and the CRR has 
subsequently been amended by the publication of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“CRR II”). The CRD V Directive and CRR II were both published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Member States are required to adopt and 
publish, by 28 December 2020, the measures necessary to comply with CRD V Directive with certain 
exceptions. CRR II shall apply from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions. CRR II is directly 
applicable to the Issuer. However, the CRD V Directive will need to be transposed into Greek Law before 
taking effect, which transposition has not yet taken place. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 amended Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. This Regulation shall apply from 28 
December 2020. Directive (EU) 2019/879 amended Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. Member States shall bring into 
force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by 28 
December 2020. With regards to Greece, as with most Member States, this transposition has not yet taken 
place. Member States shall apply those measures as from the date of their entry into force in national law, 
which shall be no later than 28 December 2020. 
The BRRD Reforms contain a new Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order between the combined 
buffer and the MREL Requirement. Pursuant to this new provision the relevant resolution authority has 
the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount (as 
defined below) for the MREL where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL Requirement are not 
met. 
Should the Single Resolution Board not provide an adequate transition period, issuance of MREL eligible 
liabilities in a short timeframe could be very costly having thus a material adverse effect on Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets as regulatory 
capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and financial condition. 
The Group currently includes DTAs in calculating the Group’s capital and capital adequacy ratios.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Issuer reviews the carrying amount of its DTAs at each reporting date, and such review may lead to a 
reduction in the value of the DTAs on the Issuer’s statement of financial position, and therefore reduce the 
value of the DTAs as included in the Group’s regulatory capital. 
Under applicable capital requirements regulations, DTAs recognized for IFRS purposes that rely on future 
profitability and arise from temporary differences of a credit institution and exceed certain thresholds must 
be deducted from its CET1 capital. This deduction was implemented gradually until 2019. 
If the regulations governing the use of deferred tax credits (“DTCs”) as part of the Group’s regulatory 
capital change, this may affect the Group’s capital base and consequently its capital ratios. As at 30 June 
2020, 82.1% of the Group’s CET1 capital was comprised of DTCs. Additionally, there can be no 
assurance that any final interpretation of the amendments described above will not change or that the 
European Commission will not rule the treatment of the DTCs under Greek Law illegal and as a result 
Greek credit institutions will ultimately not be allowed to maintain certain DTCs as regulatory capital. If 
any of these risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to maintain 
sufficient regulatory capital, which may in turn require the Group to issue additional instruments 
qualifying as regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results and financial condition and 
prospects. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals and 
regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various SEE countries may limit the Group’s ability 
to receive payments on past due loans, and anticipated changes to such laws may not have the desired 
effect. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals 
(including Greek Law 3869/2010,Greek Law 4605/2019 and Greek Law 4738/2020, as of 1 June 2021 
onwards, regarding the debt arrangement of debts for over-indebted individuals) and other laws and 
regulations governing creditors’ rights generally vary significantly within the region in which the Group 
operates. See further “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece - Settlement of Amounts Due by 
Indebted Individuals” for a description of Greek laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or 
otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals. In some countries, the laws offer significantly less 
protection for creditors than the bankruptcy regimes in Western Europe. In Greece, foreclosures and 
auctions of all properties were prohibited until 31 October 2015. Although the Greek suspension of every 
enforcement action due to capital controls was lifted by the 29 October 2015 official announcement of 
Ministry of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights on 2 November 2015, a prolonged abstention by 
lawyers, bailiffs and notaries that commenced in January 2016 and ended in November 2017 for all 
parties, restrained the Issuer from proceeding to enforcement, seizures and auctions of any real estate 
during that period. Further to the above, there are certain interest groups organizing demonstrations 
previously at physical auctions and currently at electronic auctions which hinder their execution and 
sometimes result in violence. Consequently, the pace at which auctions of residential properties occur is 
often delayed. 
Although measures undertaken in the context of the Third Programme are in principle designed to address 
certain of the foregoing concerns in respect of creditors’ rights in Greece, and reduce legal impediments 
to, and the tax consequences of, the enforcement of such rights, these measures may not be enacted as 
proposed or may not provide any of the protections to creditors that are hoped for. As a consequence, the 
Issuer may continue to encounter difficulties recovering or enforcing collateral on past due loans, and such 
difficulties may be exacerbated in light of COVID-19, which could have a material adverse effect on its 
financial condition and results of operations. 
If the current economic conditions persist or worsen, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
bankruptcies could intensify, or applicable bankruptcy protection laws and regulations may change to

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
limit the impact of the recession on corporate and retail borrowers. Such changes may have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds 
Extension of the Covered Bonds’ maturity under the Conditions 
Unless previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the Covered Bonds of each Series will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the relevant amount due on the Final Maturity Date as set out in the Final Terms 
(the “Final Redemption Amount”). If the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
a Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable Final Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
then payment of any unpaid Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be deferred automatically until 
the Extended Final Maturity Date (as specified in the Final Terms, such date the “Extended Final 
Maturity Date”) and the relevant Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, 
provided that, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on such 
Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds after the Final Maturity Date shall be paid by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest 
will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amounts on each Interest Payment Date up to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with the Conditions and the Issuer (or the Servicer on its 
behalf) will make payments on each relevant Interest Payment Date and Extended Final Maturity Date. If, 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds there is a 
failure to pay any amount of principal due on such Pass-Through Covered Bonds on such date and such 
default is not remedied within a period of 7 (seven) Athens Business Days from the date thereof then the 
Trustee shall serve a Notice of Default on the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions. Following the service of a 
Notice of Default the Covered Bonds of all Series shall become immediately due and payable. 
Furthermore, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event and breach of the Amortisation Test all Series of 
Covered Bonds shall automatically become Pass-Through Covered Bonds and the Issuer shall redeem all 
Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds pro rata and pari passu on each Interest Payment Date, in 
accordance with and subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The circumstances described above under “Risks relating to the Covered Bonds – Extension of the 
Covered Bonds’ maturity under the Conditions” may result in Covered Bondholders receiving principal 
repayments sooner, or (as applicable) later, than they might otherwise have expected. If, as a result of the 
relevant circumstances described above Covered Bonds of any outstanding Series become Pass Through 
Covered Bonds (and therefore become required to be redeemed (subject to funds being available for such 
purpose) prior to their Final Maturity Date (or, as applicable, Extended Final Maturity Date)) this may 
cause the relevant Covered Bondholders to receive repayment of their Covered Bonds sooner than they 
might otherwise have expected, and this may result in a lower yield on such Covered Bondholders' 
investment (particularly given that no premium or other compensation will be paid in such circumstances). 
Where such circumstances result in all outstanding Series becoming required to be so redeemed, the 
overall speed of repayment is likely to be reduced because the available funds for repayment will be 
divided pro rata between all outstanding Covered Bonds and not only those that have become Pass 
Through Covered Bonds due to the relevant Final Maturity Date having passed without full repayment of 
the relevant Series having occurred. In such case, it is likely that the repayment of the Covered Bonds will 
take longer than would be the case if only one Series were being redeemed in such way. 
Any such circumstances are also likely to result in Covered Bondholders receiving irregular, infrequent 
and/or uncertain amounts as and when funds become available to make the required repayments, and this

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
will create a materially different repayment profile for the relevant Covered Bonds than the one 
anticipated by the relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will be solely obligations of the Issuer and will not be obligations of or guaranteed 
by the Trustee, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Hedging Counterparties, the 
Arranger, the Dealer or the Listing Agent (as defined below) or any party to the Programme. No 
liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Covered 
Bonds shall be accepted by any of the Arranger, the Dealer, the Hedging Counterparties the Trustee, the 
Agents, the Account Bank, any company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other 
party to the transaction documents relating to the Programme. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Cover Pool is subject to a number of Statutory Tests 
set out in the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. Failure of the Issuer to take prompt remedial action to 
cure any breach of these tests will result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Covered Bonds and any 
failure to satisfy the Statutory Tests may have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed after the occurrence of an Issuer Event the Cover 
Pool is also subject to an Amortisation Test. If following the occurrence of an Issuer Event the 
Amortisation Test is not met, all Cover Pool Available Funds shall be applied to repay all Series of 
Covered Bonds (which shall then become Pass Through Covered Bonds) subject to and in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Please see “Risks related to the Covered Bonds - Extension of the Covered Bonds’ maturity under the 
Conditions”. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
The realisable value of Loans and their Related Security comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced by: 
(a) 
default by borrowers (each borrower being, in respect of a Loan Asset, the individual specified as 
such in the relevant mortgage terms together with each individual (if any) who assumes from 
time to time an obligation to repay such Loan Asset (the “Borrower”) in payment of amounts 
due on their Loans; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
possible regulatory changes by the regulatory authorities; 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Statutory 
Tests, the Amortisation Test and the Eligibility Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an 
adequate amount of Loan Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Issuer to repay the Covered Bonds 
following service of a Notice of Default and accordingly it is expected (but there is no assurance) that the 
Loan Assets could be realised for sufficient value to enable the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations under the Loans in the Cover Pool. Defaults may occur for a 
variety of reasons. The Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate 
payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, 
regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of 
financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments, government policies, natural 
disasters and widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as COVID-19 or other epidemic 
diseases). Other factors in Borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the 
ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans. Loss of earnings, illness (including any illness arising in 
connection with an epidemic or pandemic) or widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as 
COVID-19 or other epidemic), divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies 
by and bankruptcies of Borrowers and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of 
Borrowers to repay the Loans. In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a property given as security 
for a Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Loan will depend upon a 
number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and 
property values in general at the time.   
Changes to the Lending Criteria of the Issuer 
Each of the Loans originated by the Issuer will have been originated in accordance with its Lending 
Criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer’s Lending Criteria will generally consider, 
inter alia, type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, status of applicant and 
credit history. The Issuer retains the right to revise its Lending Criteria from time to time but would do so 
only to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent mortgage lender. If the 
Lending Criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Loans, that may lead to 
increased defaults by Borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool, or part thereof, and 
the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
Sale of Loans and their Related Security following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall be obliged to sell in whole or in part the 
Loan Assets in respect of the relevant Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds, in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the 
Transaction Account and applied in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. There is no 
guarantee that the Servicer will be able to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets as the Servicer may not 
be able to find a buyer at the time it is obliged to sell. 
The Issuer will have the right to prevent the sale of a Loan Asset to third parties by removing the Loan 
Asset made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring within ten Athens Business Days from 
the receipt of the offer letter, to the Transaction Account, an amount equal to the price set forth in such 
offer letter, subject to the provision of a solvency certificate. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Servicer if Loan Assets are to be sold 
Following an Issuer Event, the Servicer will be obliged to sell Loan Assets to third party purchasers 
(subject in certain circumstances to a right of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer) pursuant to the terms of 
the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. In respect of any sale of Loan Assets to third parties, however, 
the Servicer will not be permitted to give representations and warranties or indemnities in respect of those 
Loan Assets. There is no assurance that the Issuer would give any representations and warranties or 
indemnities in respect of the Loan Assets. Any representations and warranties previously given by the 
Issuer in respect of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if the 
Issuer is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Loan Assets could be 
adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties or indemnities. See “Description of 
Principal Documents – Servicing and Cash Management Deed”.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest payable on the Loans in the Cover 
Pool (which may, for instance, include discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of 
interest which track a base rate and other variable rates of interest) and EURIBOR for 1, 3 or 6 month 
euro deposits, the Issuer may enter into an Interest Rate Swap with the Interest Rate Swap Provider in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement.  
In addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts 
received by the Issuer under the Loans in the Cover Pool and the Interest Rate Swaps and amounts 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, and, if applicable, any FX Swap and amounts payable by 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may enter into a Covered Bond Swap with a Covered Bond 
Swap Provider in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Hedging Agreement, then it will have 
defaulted under that Hedging Agreement. A Hedging Counterparty is only obliged to make payments to the 
Issuer as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement. If 
the Hedging Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults on its obligations to make 
payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Issuer on the due 
date for payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to any changes in the 
relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless a 
replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds. 
If a Hedging Agreement terminates, then the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) may be obliged to make 
a termination payment to the relevant Hedging Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Issuer (or 
the Servicer on its behalf) will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the 
relevant Hedging Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap 
counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered 
Bonds by the Rating Agencies. 
If the Issuer is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Hedging Agreement, such termination 
payment will rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps) 
and pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the Covered Bond Swaps), except 
where default by, or downgrade of, the relevant Hedging Counterparty has caused the relevant Swap 
Agreement to terminate.  
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain parties to this Transaction act in more than one capacity. The fact that these entities fulfil more 
than one role could lead to a conflict between the rights and obligations of these entities in one capacity 
and the rights and obligations of these entities in another capacity. In addition, this could also lead to a 
conflict between the interests of these entities and the interests of the Covered Bondholders. Any such 
conflict may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Differences in timings of obligations of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the 
Covered Bond Swaps 
With respect to the Covered Bond Swaps that the Issuer may enter into, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its 
behalf) will, periodically, pay or provide for payment of an amount to each corresponding Covered Bond 
Swap Provider based on EURIBOR for Euro deposits for the agreed period. The Covered Bond Swap

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Provider may not be obliged to make corresponding swap payments to the Issuer under a Covered Bond 
Swap until amounts are due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. If a Covered Bond Swap 
Provider does not meet its payment obligations to the Issuer under the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement or such Covered Bond Swap Provider does not make a termination payment that has become 
due from it to the Issuer under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Issuer may have a larger shortfall 
in funds with which to make payments under the Covered Bonds than if the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider’s payment obligations coincided with the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Covered Bond 
Swap. Hence, the difference in timing between the obligations of the Issuer and the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Swap Providers under the Covered Bond Swaps may affect the Issuer’s ability to make 
payments with respect to the Covered Bonds. A Covered Bond Swap Provider may be required, pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, to post collateral with the Issuer if the 
relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider is downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating 
specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement.  
Change of counterparties 
The parties to the Transaction Documents who receive and hold moneys pursuant to the terms of such 
documents (such as the Account Banks) are required to satisfy certain criteria in order that they can 
continue to receive and hold moneys. 
These criteria include requirements in relation to the long-term issuer default rating by S&P and short-
term, unguaranteed and unsecured credit ratings ascribed to such party by Moody’s. If the party 
concerned ceases to satisfy the applicable criteria, including the ratings criteria detailed above, then the 
rights and obligations of that party (including the right or obligation to receive moneys on behalf of the 
Issuer) may be required to be transferred to another entity which does satisfy the applicable criteria. In 
these circumstances, the terms agreed with the replacement entity may not be as favourable as those 
agreed with the original party pursuant to the relevant Transaction Document. 
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied, the parties to the relevant Transaction 
Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, including the applicable 
criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed. The consent of Covered 
Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments and/or waivers.  
Appointment of a Replacement Servicer 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation (in conjunction with certain 
Greek insolvency law provisions) provides that the Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from 
the insolvency estate of the Issuer until payment of all amounts due to the Covered Bondholders have 
been made in full. To ensure continuation of the servicing of the Cover Pool in the event of insolvency of 
the Issuer (acting as the Servicer) the Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that the Transaction 
Documents may provide for the substitution of the Servicer upon the insolvency of the Issuer.  
In the event that no Replacement Servicer is appointed pursuant to the Transaction Documents and in the 
event of the Issuer’s insolvency under the CRD Law (special liquidation), the Bank of Greece may 
appoint a servicer, if the Trustee fails to do so. Any such person appointed shall be obliged to service the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. Such replacement 
might not be made immediately upon the Issuer’s insolvency.  
There can be no assurance that replacement of the Issuer as Servicer (or any delay in making such 
replacement) would not cause delays in payment on the Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders might 
suffer loss as a result. See also “Insolvency of the Issuer” below. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Loan Assets in 
the Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due 
to, for instance: 
(i) 
the Issuer assigning Additional Cover Pool Assets to the Cover Pool; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer removing Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or substituting existing Cover Pool 
Assets in the Cover Pool with Additional Cover Pool Assets. 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of the Loan Assets assigned to the Cover Pool will be the 
same as those Loan Assets in the Cover Pool as at that date. However, each Loan Asset will be required to 
meet the Individual Eligibility Criteria and be subject to the representations and warranties set out in the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. In addition, the Nominal Value Test is intended to ensure that the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds, together with all accrued interest thereon, 
is not greater than 82% (or such lower percentage which may be determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with any alternative methodologies of the relevant Rating Agencies rating any Covered Bonds at that 
time) of the Nominal Value of the Cover Pool for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding (although 
there is no assurance that it will do so) and the Asset Monitor will provide annual agreed upon procedures 
report on the required tests by the Bank of Greece (including Nominal Value Test) where exceptions, if 
any, will be noted. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
One or more independent Rating Agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The credit 
ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may address the probability of default, loss given default and credit 
risk. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The expected credit ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of 
Covered Bonds. Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of 
the Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any credit 
rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds 
may reduce. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless 
such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of 
the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out 
on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in the 
secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on 
the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Rating Agency Confirmation in respect of Covered Bonds 
The terms of certain of the Transaction Documents provide that, in certain circumstances (including, inter 
alia, amendments to the Transaction Documents), the Issuer must, and the Trustee may, obtain 
confirmation from one or more of the Rating Agencies that any particular action proposed to be taken by 
the Issuer, the Servicer or the Trustee will not adversely affect or cause to be withdrawn the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds (a “Rating Agency Confirmation”). 
By acquiring the Covered Bonds, investors will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a credit rating is an assessment of credit and does not address other 
matters that may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders, including, without limitation, in the case of a 
Rating Agency Confirmation, whether any action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, Servicer, the 
Trustee or any other party to a Transaction Document is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant 
Transaction Document, or (ii) in the best interests of, or not prejudicial to, some or all of the Covered 
Bondholders. In being entitled to have regard to the fact that one or more of the Rating Agencies have 
confirmed that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected or 
withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the other Secured Creditors (including the Covered 
Bondholders) is deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that the above does not impose or extend any 
actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agencies to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Secured Creditors 
(including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person or create any legal relations between the Rating 
Agencies and the Issuer, the Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any 
other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
Any such Rating Agency Confirmation may or may not be given at the sole discretion of each Rating 
Agency. It should be noted that, depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information 
needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide 
a Rating Agency Confirmation in the time available or at all, and the Rating Agency will not be 
responsible for the consequences thereof. Such confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the 
facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, and in the context of cumulative changes to the 
transaction of which the securities form part since the issuance closing date. A Rating Agency 
Confirmation represents only a restatement of the opinions given, and is given on the basis that it will not 
be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a 
new Series). All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and pro rata without any preference or priority

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
among themselves, irrespective of their Series, except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default and service by the Trustee of a Notice of 
Default, the Covered Bonds of all outstanding Series will become immediately due and payable against 
the Issuer. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders, create and issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the 
Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest thereon, issue date 
and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds provided that (i) no Issuer Event 
has occurred or is continuing and that such issuance would not cause an Issuer Event, (ii) such issuance 
would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) the Rating Agencies have been notified of 
such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been notified to the Bank of Greece in accordance with paragraph 
II.3 of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, and (v) if applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, 
a Hedging Agreement is entered into.  
The Trustee may agree to modifications to the Transaction Documents without the Covered Bondholders’ 
or Secured Creditors’ prior consent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee may, without the consent or 
sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders or any of the other Secured Creditors (other than the Swap 
Providers in respect of modification to the Post Issuer Event Priority of Payments, the Post-Cover Pool 
Event of Default Priority of Payments, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Individual Eligibility 
Criteria or the Servicing and Cash Management Deed), concur with the Issuer and any other party in 
making any modification (other than a Series Reserved Matter) to the Transaction Documents and the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
provided that the Trustee is of the sole opinion that such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; or 
(ii) 
which in the sole opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a 
manifest error, 
and Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has confirmed in writing to the 
Issuer that such modification will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds (and 
in the case of any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds), such Rating Agency 
has been notified of such modification). 
Certain decisions of Covered Bondholders taken at Programme level 
Any Extraordinary Resolution to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action must be passed at a 
single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
Absence of secondary market 
There is not, at present, an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds, and no assurance is 
provided that a secondary market for the Covered Bonds will re-emerge. The Arranger is not obliged to 
and do not intend to make a market for the Covered Bonds. None of the Covered Bonds has been, or will 
be, registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws and they are subject to 
certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under Subscription and Sale and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions. If a secondary market does re-emerge, it may not continue for the life of 
the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result 
that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices 
that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired yield. 
In addition, Covered Bondholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit 
market conditions (which continue at the date hereof), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the 
secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. As a result of the current liquidity crisis, 
there exist significant additional risks to the Issuer and the investors which may affect the returns on the 
Covered Bonds to investors. 
In addition, the current liquidity crisis has stalled the primary market for a number of financial products 
including instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. While it is possible that the current liquidity crisis 
may soon alleviate for certain sectors of the global credit markets, there can be no assurance that the 
market for securities similar to the Covered Bonds will recover at the same time or to the same degree as 
such other recovering global credit market sectors. 
General legal investment considerations 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
Changes in reference rates 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered 
Rate (“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), which are used to determine the 
amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”) 
have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and 
operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes 
anticipated under the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended, (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation) 
which applied in general from 1 January 2018, with the exception of certain provisions, mainly on critical 
Benchmarks that applied from 30 June 2016. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, new requirements will apply with respect to the provision of a 
wide range of benchmarks (including LIBOR and EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation will, among other things: (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to 
comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark 
in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
In addition, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned by the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(including possibly as a result of regulatory reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to 
such benchmarks. Additionally, in March 2017, the European Money Markets Institute (formerly Euribor-
EBF) (the “EMMI”) published a position paper referring to certain proposed reforms to EURIBOR, 
which reforms aim to clarify the EURIBOR specification, to develop a transaction-based methodology for 
EURIBOR and to align the relevant methodology with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the IOSCO 
Principles for Financial Benchmarks and other regulatory recommendations. The EMMI has since 
indicated that there has been a “change in market activity as a result of the current regulatory requirements 
and a negative interest rate environment” and “under the current market conditions it will not be feasible 
to evolve the current EURIBOR methodology to a fully transaction-based methodology following a 
seamless transition path”. It is the current intention of the EMMI to develop a hybrid methodology for 
EURIBOR. In July 2017, the chief executive of the FCA announced that the FCA does not intend to 
continue to encourage, or use its power to compel, panel banks to provide rate submissions for the 
calculation of the LIBOR benchmark to be set beyond the end of 2021 and that, as a result, there can be no 
guarantee that LIBOR will be determined after 2021 on the same basis at present, if at all.   
The Programme provides for the issuance of Covered Bonds with a floating rate of interest determined on 
the basis of Benchmarks including LIBOR and EURIBOR. The reforms outlined above and other 
pressures may cause one or more Benchmarks to disappear entirely, to perform differently than in the past 
(as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), create disincentives for market participants to 
continue to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a Benchmark 
(including LIBOR and EURIBOR) could affect the level of the published rate, including 
to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be; 
(b) 
if LIBOR or EURIBOR or any other relevant Benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise 
unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds (in relation to 
which Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate is to be determined) will be determined for a period by the fall-
back provisions provided for under Condition 4.2(h)(i) (Floating Rate Covered Bond and 
Variable Interest Rate Covered Bond Provisions), although such provisions, being 
dependent in part upon the provision by the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of 
the reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant Benchmark to prime banks in 
the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market, may not operate as intended (depending 
on market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the relevant time) and 
may in certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the 
rate which applied in the previous Interest Period when LIBOR or EURIBOR was 
available;  
(c) 
if LIBOR or EURIBOR or any other relevant Benchmark is discontinued, there can be no 
assurance that the applicable fall-back provisions under the Hedging Agreements would 
operate to allow the transactions under the Hedging Agreements to effectively mitigate 
interest rate risk in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds; and 
(d) 
if LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other relevant Benchmark is discontinued, there can be no 
assurance that the operation of the applicable fall-back provisions would not have an 
indirect impact on the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have 
a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other relevant Benchmark, 
including any of the following circumstances: (i) an index which is a benchmark may not be used as such 
if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such 
event, depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; (ii) the 
methodology or other terms of the Benchmarks related to a series of Covered Bonds could be changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level of the Benchmarks or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop 
and apply as between the Floating Rate Covered Bonds and/or the Hedging Agreements due to applicable 
fall-back provisions or other matters and the effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction in 
the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or any other relevant Benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. No assurance may be provided that 
relevant changes will not occur with respect to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other relevant Benchmark 
and/or that such Benchmarks will continue to exist.  
If the Issuer determines that that the relevant Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms has 
ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated 
or administered when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as further described in Condition 4(h) (Benchmark Replacement) and, if applicable, an Adjustment 
Spread (as defined in the Conditions). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
prior to the Relevant Interest Determination Date (as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer may determine 
a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have 
been made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. 
Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment 
Spread, if applicable, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to 
determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is 
presented with a conflict of interest. 
Investors should consider these matters and consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations 
and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of 
the most common such features: 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Covered Bonds for tax reasons in the circumstances described 
in, and in accordance with, Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer). 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) is exercisable in whole or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in part. If the Issuer 
decides to redeem certain Covered Bonds in part only, such partial redemption may affect the liquidity of 
the Covered Bonds of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the 
number of the Covered Bonds of the same Series in respect of which the Issuer’s optional redemption is 
exercised, any trading market in respect of those Covered Bonds in respect of which such option is not 
exercised may become illiquid. 
Partly-paid Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure 
to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment. 
Instalment Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Instalment Covered Bond with a predefined, prescheduled amortisation schedule 
where, alongside interest, the Issuer will pay, at each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a portion of principal until maturity. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this 
will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term 
of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Covered Bond”, “Social Covered 
Bond” and “Sustainable Covered Bond” 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be 
the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds specifically for projects 
and activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (“Green Projects”) and / or 
that promote access to labour market and accomplishment of general interest initiatives (“Social 
Projects”). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for 
the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for any Green Projects and for any Social Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of, or related to, the relevant Green Projects or the relevant Social 
Projects). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be 
given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Such a definition may be 
established with the entry into force of the EU proposal for a regulation on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), however no assurance can be given 
that the Issuer's Green and/or Social Projects will be aligned with the final EU Taxonomy. Accordingly, 
no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Green Projects or any Social Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, 
“social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects and any Social Projects. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has not published a framework relating to an investment in Green Projects and in 
Social Projects although the Issuer intends to publish such framework prior to the issuance of any Covered 
Bonds which specify that the relevant proceeds will be used for Green Projects and for Social Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may 
not be made available in connection with the issue of any Covered Bonds and in particular with any Green 
Projects or any Social Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Covered Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
In the event that any such Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, any Green Projects and to any Social Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Covered 
Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Covered Bonds so specified for Green 
Projects and/or Social Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects and any Social Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally 
disbursed for the specified Green Projects and/or the specified Social Projects, as applicable. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Green Projects or such Social Projects, will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event of default under the Covered Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Covered Bonds for any Green Projects or 
for any Social Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or there being 
any such opinion or certification issued attesting that the Issuer is not complying, in whole or in part, with 
any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Covered 
Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Covered Bonds and also potentially the 
value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance Green Projects and to finance Social 
Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
General risk factors 
Set out below is a description of risks relating to the Covered Bonds that have not been indicated in the 
previous paragraphs: 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Insurance 
Under the terms and conditions of the Loan Documentation, each Borrower is required to obtain and 
maintain fire and earthquake insurance only, unless the property was built before 1 January 1960, in 
which case only fire insurance is available in the market. Accordingly, a claim under such policy for

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
damage to the relevant property can be made only if the damage results from the occurrence of a fire or 
earthquake. However, this is not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of loans similar to the Loans 
made by other mortgage lenders in Greece who also only require borrowers to obtain and maintain fire 
and earthquake insurance. In addition, certain Borrowers, at their option, take out life insurance policies, 
with the Issuer as the primary loss payee, to secure their obligations under the relevant Loans. 
Suspension of Enforcement Proceedings 
There are various provisions of Greek Law which could result in enforcement proceedings against a 
Borrower being delayed or suspended. Without prejudice to the procedures required under the Banks’ 
Code of Conduct introduced by virtue of decision number 116/25.8.2014 of the Credit and Insurance 
Committee of the Bank of Greece, as revised by decision number 195/29.7.2016 (published in 
Government Gazette 2376/B/2.8.2016) (the “Code of Conduct”), enforcement proceedings are usually 
commenced against a Borrower in respect of a non- restructured Loan once it becomes 270 days in arrears 
and in respect of a restructured Loan once it becomes 180 days in arrears, at which point the Loan is 
terminated. An order of payment is obtained from the Judge of the competent court of first instance (i.e. 
the Single-Member Court of First Instance or the Magistrate’s Court, as the case may be, the “Competent 
Court of First Instance”) following service of the notice of termination of the Loan on the Borrower and 
non-payment by the Borrower. Enforcement is commenced by service of the order for payment and a 
demand to pay on the Borrower, with the ultimate target being the collection of the proceeds of the 
auction of the relevant property securing the Loan. See for further details “The Mortgage and Housing 
Market in Greece - Enforcing Security” below. 
However, a Borrower may delay enforcement against the relevant property by contesting the order for 
payment and/or the procedure for enforcement which in turn will delay the receipt of proceeds from an 
enforcement against the property by the Issuer after the relevant Loan has been terminated. Following the 
amendment of Greek Civil Procedure Code by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 (published in Government 
Gazette 87/A/23.7.2015), the following apply in relation to enforcement proceedings commencing from 1 
January 2016 onwards and in respect of demands for immediate payment served to the Borrower after 1 
January 2016 (see relevant interpretative provision of article 43 of Greek Law 4715/2020 published in the 
Government Gazette Issue 149/A/1.8.2020): 
A Borrower can file a petition of annulment against the order for payment pursuant to Articles 632-633 of 
the Greek Civil Procedure Code (an “Article 632-633 Annulment Petition”) with the Competent Court 
of First Instance or Magistrate’s Court within 15 business days (or within 30 business days if the 
Borrower is of an unknown address or resides abroad) after service of the order for payment contesting the 
substantive or procedural validity of the order of payment. If the Borrower fails to contest the order for 
payment, the order may be served again on the Borrower and a further 15 business days are available to 
the Borrower to file an Article 632-633 Annulment Petition. The order for payment will be final either if 
both terms of 15 business days elapse or if the Court of Appeal rejects the Article 632-633 Annulment 
Petition. 
The filing of an Article 632-633 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a petition for suspension 
of the enforcement against the relevant property pursuant to Article 632 of the Greek Civil Procedure 
Code (an “Article 632 Suspension Petition”). Upon filing an Article 632 Suspension Petition, 
enforcement procedures may be suspended until the hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition. 
Following the issue of a decision in relation to the hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition 
enforcement may be suspended until the Competent Court of First Instance has issued a final decision in 
respect of the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition. In some cases suspension of enforcement may be 
granted until the Court of Appeal (or the Single-Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of 
Appeal, as the case may be) reaches a final decision which means an additional delay in enforcement.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Borrower may also file with the Competent Court of First Instance a petition for the annulment of 
certain actions of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order of 
payment, to the relevant claim and/or to procedural irregularities (an “Article 933 Annulment Petition”) 
pursuant to Article 933 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as recently amended by Greek Law 
4512/2018. Both Annulment Petitions may be filed either concurrently or consecutively, but it should be 
noted that the Article 933 Annulment Petitions may not be based on reasons pertaining to the validity of 
the order for payment or the relevant claim, once the order for payment has become final as mentioned 
above. The time for the filing of an Article 933 Annulment Petition varies depending on the foreclosure 
action that is contested. In particular, the Article 933 Annulment Petition should be filed within 45 days as 
from the date of attachment of the Borrower’s property, except for an Article 933 Annulment Petition 
contesting the auction which should be filed within 60 days as from registration with the competent land 
registry or cadastre of the relevant auction deed. The hearing of the Article 933 Annulment Petition is 
scheduled within 60 days from the date of the filing of such petition and the relevant decision must be 
issued within 60 days from the hearing before the court. 
The filing of an Article 933 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a petition for the suspension 
of the enforcement until the decision of the Competent Court of First Instance on the annulment motion is 
issued pursuant to Article 937 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (an “Article 937 Suspension Petition”). 
Again, foreclosure proceedings may be suspended until the hearing of the Article 937 Suspension, which, 
in a normal case where the Borrower seeks the suspension of the auction, takes place five days prior to the 
auction and the relevant decision is issued by 12.00 pm on the Monday prior to the auction. It should 
nevertheless be noted that such suspension is more difficult to obtain if the Competent Court of First 
Instance has already rejected a suspension requested for similar reasons under Article 632.  
The Borrower may seek the postponement of the auction by alleging that the value of the property has 
been underestimated by the enforcing party or that the fixed first offer is too low. Pursuant to Article 954 
of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, the minimum auction price is determined within the statement of the 
court bailiff and can be contested by the Borrower or any other lender or anyone having a legal interest by 
filing an annulment petition against such court bailiff statement at the latest fifteen days before the auction 
date. The relevant court's decision should be published by 12.00 p.m. eight days before the auction date. 
However, as regards the movable property, it is to be noted that the initial auction price cannot be less 
than 2/3 of the estimated value of the property (in accordance with Article 993 par. 2 of the Greek Civil 
Procedure Code, in conjunction with Article 954 par. 2 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as amended 
and in force) and as regards the immovable property, the initial auction price cannot be less than the 
seized immovable property’s “commercial value”. The evaluation of the immovable property is calculated 
in accordance with presidential decree 59/2016 (published in Government Gazette 95/A/27.5.2016). In 
particular, pursuant to such presidential decree the property’s “commercial value” is determined by the 
relevant bailiff who is obliged to appoint a certified appraiser for this purpose, namely an individual or 
legal person that shall be included in the Certified Appraisers Registry held at the General Directorate for 
Financial Policy of the Ministry of Finance and published on the Ministry of Finance’s website. The latter 
submits to the bailiff, in hardcopy and in digital form, an appraisal report in accordance with European or 
international recognised appraising standards and in accordance with the Code of Conduct issued by the 
Bank of Greece on the management of non-performing loans. Appraisal fees are borne by the creditor who 
ordered the enforcement against the relevant property, but ultimately burden the Borrower. Furthermore, 
pursuant to Article 1000 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, the suspension of auction for up to six (6) 
months may be sought by the Borrower, on the grounds that there is a good chance of the Borrower being 
able to satisfy the enforcing party or that, following the suspension period, a better offer would be 
received at auction, provided that there is no risk of damage of the creditor who ordered the enforcement 
and that the borrower pays at least one quarter of the claimed capital and the enforcement expenses. 
Auctions may not take place between 1-31 August and the weeks before and after the date of any national, 
municipal or European elections (pursuant to Article 998 para. 2 of the GCCP, as replaced by Article 207 
para. 15 of Law 4512/2018).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Following the amendment of the GCCP by Greek Law 4512/2018 (published in Government Gazette 
5/A/17.1.2018), as from 21 February 2018 onwards, the auction takes place exclusively through the use of 
electronic means, in particular through the use of the electronic auction platform (e-auctions.gr), under the 
responsibility of a certified notary public (acting as auction clerk) of the place of seized property (or if not 
available for any reason, of the region of the seized property’s place or, if again not available for any 
reason, before an Athens notary public) under the responsibility of a competent notary public acting as 
auction clerk. The relevant process is detailed in Article 959 of the GCCP (as replaced by para. 6 of 
Article 207 of Greek Law 4512/2018), as further specified by Decision no. 41756/26.5.2017 of the 
Minister of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights (published in Government Gazette 
1884/B/30.5.2017). It is noted that the very first e-auction in Greece, was conducted on 27 April 2018. 
Each bidder must submit a bank guarantee or banker’s draft for an amount equal to 30% of the starting 
price of the auctioned property and declare his/her attendance in the auction by 15.00 2 business days 
prior to the auction date. By 17.00 on the date preceding the auction date, the auction clerk registers with 
the electronic auction platform a list of the bidders entitled to participate in the auction. 
In the auction, the property is sold to the highest bidder who then has 3 business days (in case of movable 
property) or 10 business days (in case of real estate) to pay the auction price along with the fees for the 
use of the electronic auctioning platform which burden the highest bidder. Once the price of the property 
is paid, the notary public prepares a special deed listing all the creditors and allocating the proceeds of the 
auction. Each creditor must announce its claim to the notary public by no later than 15 days after the 
auction and submit all documents proving such claims, otherwise the notary public will not take his claim 
into account. Once the allocation of proceeds amongst the creditors of the Borrower has been determined 
pursuant to a deed issued by a notary public, the creditors of the Borrower are invited by the notary public 
to be informed respectively and may dispute the allocation by filing a petition contesting the deed within 
12 business days as from the service of such invitation. The competent Court of First Instance adjudicates 
the matter but the relevant creditor is entitled to appeal against the decision to the Court of Appeal (or the 
Single Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may be). The hearing date 
of the petition contesting such deed must be obligatory set within 60 days from its filing (or within 120 
days in case of the creditor residing abroad). This procedure may delay the collection of proceeds. This 
can further delay the time at which the Issuer finally receives the proceeds of the enforcement of the 
relevant property. However, the law provides that a creditor is entitled to the payment of its claim even if 
its allocation priority is subject to a challenge, provided that such creditor provides a letter of guarantee 
securing repayment of the money in the event that such challenge is upheld. 
Once the list of creditors is confirmed and adjudicated, the proceeds are distributed according to the deed 
setting out the allocation of proceeds (see for further details “Auction Proceeds” below) in accordance 
with Article 975 (as recently replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015 with 
respect to enforcement proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards), Article 976, Article 977 (as 
recently replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015 with respect to enforcement 
proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards) and Article 977A (added through Article 176 para. 1 
of Greek Law 4512/2018) of the GCCP. 
Pursuant to Article 966 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, if no bidders appear at the auction, the 
immovable property is awarded at the minimum auction price to the person in favour of whom the 
enforcement proceedings were initiated, upon the latter’s request. The hearing of such request shall 
mandatorily be scheduled as a matter of priority within eight (8) working days from the date of filing and 
it shall be served at least three (3) working days before the hearing date. A recent evaluation report of the 
auction property, dated after the date of the last auction shall be submitted on the hearing date before the 
competent Court. The relevant decision must be issued within eight (8) working days from the hearing. If 
no such request is submitted, a repetitive auction takes place within forty (40) days. If such repetitive 
auction is unsuccessful, the competent court, upon request of persons having legal interest, may order the 
conduct of another auction within thirty (30) days, at the same or a reduced auction price or allow the sale

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
of the property to the person in favour of whom the enforcement proceedings were initiated or to third 
persons at a price determined by the court, which may also provide that part of the consideration may be 
paid in instalments. Following two unsuccessful auctions, a petition may be filed by any interested part for 
a new auction date to be set, with the same or a lower fixed first price, or for a permission for a direct sale 
of the property at a price to be determined by the court (in accordance with para. 2 of Article 966 as 
amended by Article 23 of Greek Law 4549/2018).  
The reforms of the Greek Civil Procedure Code by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015, as in force, aim at 
speeding up the pace of enforcement proceedings. Therefore, the length, complexity and uncertainty of 
success of enforcement procedures in Greece may lead to a substantial delay in recovering any amounts 
due under any defaulted or delinquent Loan which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Finally, it should be noted that, in light of the Covid-19 pandemic, enforcement proceedings, as well as 
auctions, have been suspended for the most part of 2020 and still remain so to this day. More specifically, 
pursuant to consecutive Joint Ministerial Decisions, all enforcement proceedings, as well as auctions, were 
initially suspended from 13 March 2020 until 31 May 2020. Then by virtue of Article 74 of Greek Law 
4690/2020 (published in the Government Gazette Issue 104/A/30.5.2020), all auctions regarding the 
debtor's movable property (excluding items subject to damage), real estate, ships and aircraft, the auction 
day of which was set for the period from 1 June 2020 to 31 July 2020, were cancelled. The creditor who 
had ordered the enforcement proceedings against the relevant property was able until 30 June 2020 to 
initiate the appointment of a new auction day after 31 July 2020, based on the initially estimated value and 
price of the first offer. As a result of the above, and given that pursuant to Article 998 par. 2 of the GCCP 
auctions may not take place between 1st and 31st of August, auctions started again on 3 September 2020. 
However, from 7 November 2020 to the date of this Base Prospectus, all enforcement proceedings, as well 
as auctions, remain suspended by virtue of consecutive Joint Ministerial Decisions which are issued on a 
regular basis.    
Rescheduling of debts of distressed debtors 
On 3 August 2010, Greek Law 3869/2010 (see also "Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral") 
was put in force with respect to the "settlement of amounts due by indebted individuals" and amended 
thereafter by various laws. The Greek Law 3869/2010 allows the settlement of amounts due by 
individuals, not due to wilful misconduct, evidencing permanent and general inability to repay their debts 
by submitting an application for a three-year settlement of their debts and writing off the remainder of 
their debts in accordance with the terms of the settlement agreed. All individuals, consumers and 
professionals are subject to the provisions of Greek Law 3869/2010, with the exception of individuals 
already subject to mercantile law.  
All debts of the abovementioned individuals fall within the law, including all debts to banks (consumer, 
mortgage, business loans), except for debts due to an offense committed by the borrower with intention or 
gross negligence, administrative fines, monetary sanctions and debts related to the obligation for child or 
spousal support. By virtue of Greek Law 4336/2015, as in force, Greek Law 3869/2010 was amended and 
its scope was also expanded to the settlement of debts owed to the Hellenic Republic, tax authorities, local 
authorities of grade A' and B' and to social security funds. In addition, the debtor may opt to include debts 
which at the date of filing of the petition are subject to an administrative, judicial or legal suspension or 
have been included in a restructuring or facilitation of partial payment which is still valid at the time of 
filing of the petition. Debts must have been contracted more than one year before the application date and 
relief may be used only once. 
The amendments effected by Greek Law 4346/2015, among others, lay out the conditions for: (a) the 
protection of the primary residence of a debtor from forced sale, and (b) the partial funding by the 
Hellenic Republic of the amount of monthly payments set by court decision. In addition, it is provided that

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
the debtor's obligation to act as a cooperating borrower also applies throughout the settlement plan period. 
These amendments became effective from 1 January 2016. 
Greek Law 3869/2010 was also amended by Greek Law 4549/2018, which introduced some changes that 
provide, among others, (a) that the acceptance of the inherited indebted property does not constitute, 
without the existence of other factors, ground for the rejection of the application, (b) a waiver of the 
banking secrecy against the debtor has to be given by the latter, (c) a recourse right for co-borrowers and 
guarantors. 
Before the submission of the application, the parties may have recourse to the preliminary settlement 
procedure. After the submission of the application, the hearing date of the application (compulsory within 
six-months from the completion of submission of the application) and the day of validation (within two 
months from the completion of the submission of the application) are set. On the day of validation, the 
court either validates any preliminary settlement or issues a preliminary injunction by virtue of which the 
court may order, inter alia, the suspension of prosecuting measures against the borrower and determines 
the amount of the monthly instalments which the borrower has to pay to its creditors until the issuance of 
the decision. Following the day of validation and until the hearing date of the application, the parties may 
reach to a settlement at any stage of the procedure. 
During the hearing date of the application, if the creditors do not accept the debtors' settlement plan, or if 
objections are submitted by some creditors and not substituted according to the above, the court confirms 
the existence of the disputed claims, the fulfilment of the conditions for settlement of debts and the 
borrower's relief. If the borrower's real estate property is not sufficient, after deducting the required 
amount for the coverage of the reasonable living expenses of the borrower and the members protected by 
the latter, including social security expenses borne by the borrower, the court orders the monthly payment 
of the remaining amount for the satisfaction of creditors' claims, pro rata distributed and for a period of 
three (3) years, pursuant to the borrowers' income and its real estate property. 
Greek Law 4336/2015, as in force, introduced an accelerated settlement process regarding minor debts of 
particular indebted individuals. Indebted individuals, if certain conditions apply, are given a temporary 
relief for their debts and an eighteen-month period of supervision is granted, after the expiration of which, 
and only if the real estate property or income situation of the borrower remain unchanged, the borrower is 
discharged from the remainder of its debts. 
If there are assets that can be liquidated and their liquidation is deemed necessary, a liquidator is 
appointed by the court. Special provisions are set for the protection of the main residence of the debtor, for 
applications that have been submitted until 31 December 2018. The Act of Legislative Content dated 31 
December 2018, as ratified by Greek Law 4592/2019 (published in the Government Gazette Issue 
20/A/13.02.2019), extended to 28 February 2019 the protection of primary residence from being auctioned 
off.  
Due performance by the debtor of the obligations under the settlement plan releases the debtor from any 
remaining unpaid balance of the claims, including claims of creditors who had not announced their claims. 
In case of delayed repayment of the aggregate amount equal to three monthly instalments (consecutive or 
not) set out by the temporary order of the competent court or a debt settlement, debtor’s protection is 
rejected following a creditor’s out-of-court notice to the obligor and the other creditors, and the relevant 
information of the competent court. 
The rights of creditors against co-borrowers or guarantors are not affected, unless such co-borrowers or 
guarantors are also subject to the same insolvency proceedings. Co-borrowers and guarantors have rights 
of recourse against the debtor for any amount paid by them. The rights of secured creditors are not 
affected.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
This law may have an adverse effect on the timing or the amount of collections under certain Loans 
concluded with Borrowers that fall under its scope and make use of its provisions, which may in turn 
affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
As of 1 March 2019 the right of a borrower to request the exemption of his main residence in the context 
of Law 3869/2010 has ceased to apply. Greek Law 4605/2019, which passed on 1 March 2019 and 
entered into force on 30 April 2019, provides for an amended framework for the settlement of amounts 
due by individuals for the purpose of protecting their main residence against liquidation proceedings. 
Pursuant to the amended legal framework, eligible over-indebted debtors could apply through electronic 
means until 31 July 2020 for the settlement of their debts by arranging a partial repayment of their due 
debts as prescribed by Greek Law 4605/2019. 
Amounts eligible to be settled are only amounts owed to credit institutions and, in case of a house loan, to 
the Hellenic Consignment Deposit and Loans Fund and credit companies and for which a mortgage or a 
mortgage pre-notation has been registered in favour of the aforementioned entities over the debtor’s main 
residence and provided that the amounts owed are claims outstanding for at least 90 days as on 31 
December 2018. Ownership of the main residence does not have to be exclusive and complete in order to 
be protected. However, debts of natural persons cannot be settled if there is a guarantee by the Greek State 
for them. 
Within the abovementioned framework, the debtor shall pay in equal monthly instalments and within 25 
years, 120% of the value of its main residence plus interest 3-month EURIBOR + 2%. The Greek State 
may also contribute to the payment of these monthly instalments under certain conditions. 
It is also explicitly provided in the amended legal framework that (a) a single application per debtor may 
be filed for the settlement of amounts owed; (b) from the notification of the application to the creditor(s) 
until the lapse of the deadline provided by law for the debtor to request the judicial settlement, in case a 
consensus arrangement is not reached, auction proceedings against the debtor’s main residence are 
suspended; (c) a settlement proposal accepted by both the creditor and the debtor constitutes an 
enforceable title by virtue of which enforcement proceedings may be either initiated in relation to the 
remaining debtor’s assets (except for their main residence) or initiated also for their main residence in case 
the debtor fails to meet the payment settlement conditions (i.e. if the debtor owes in total more than three 
(3) monthly instalments); and (d) transfer of claims of credit institutions, the assignment of the debtor’s 
claims to entities of Greek Law 4354/2015 or their securitisation according to the provisions of Greek 
Law 3156/2003 (the “Greek Securitisation Law”) or the replacement of the guarantor or co-debtor do 
not prevent the settlement of amounts owed by the over-indebted individuals.  
In case a consensus arrangement is not reached between the parties (i.e. the credit institution or the 
Hellenic Consignment Deposit and Loans Fund and the debtor), the latter may request the protection of 
the main residence by the competent court, on the terms mentioned herein above. 
If the borrower successfully completes the settlement plan and fully complies with it, then the remaining 
portion of the loan exceeding 120% of the value of the applicant's main residence plus interest 3-month 
EURIBOR + 2% will be written off. In addition, any mortgage or mortgage pre-notation that has been 
registered over the main residence securing a claim under the settlement plan, is lifted. However, if the 
debtor fails to meet the payment settlement conditions (i.e. if the debtor owes in total more than three (3) 
monthly instalments), enforcement proceedings may be initiated against the debtor. 
However, it shall be noted that, by virtue of article 265 par. 1 case b’ of Greek Law 4738/2020, as 
published in the Government Gazette Issue 207/A/27.10.2020 (the “Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a 
Second Chance Law”) in conjunction with article 308 of such law (as amended by article 83 par. 3 of 
Greek Law 4764/2020, published in the Government Gazette Issue 256/A/23.12.2020) the possibility of

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
submitting new applications in accordance with the provisions of Law 3869/2010 ceases from 1 June 
2021. Proceedings under Law 3869/2010 that will be pending on 1 June 2021 shall evolve in accordance 
with the provisions of Law 3869/2010 (See “Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals” here 
below). 
Special Procedures for Over-Indebted Business Undertakings and Professionals 
Greek Law 4307/2014, as amended by Greek Laws 4374/2016, 4380/2016 (article 2), as well as 
4403/2016 (article 56) and in force, among others, provides for urgent interim measures for the relief of 
private debt (including, inter alia, relief and settlement of debts or provision of extraordinary debt business 
regulation process or extraordinary special management process), especially debt of viable small 
businesses and professionals towards financial institutions (namely credit institutions, leasing and 
factoring companies, provided they are under the supervision of the Bank of Greece), the Hellenic 
Republic and Social Security Institutions, as well as for emergency procedures for the reorganization or 
liquidation of operating indebted but viable businesses, provided that the aforementioned persons are 
considered as “eligible debtors” under the relevant provisions, namely, they have submitted the relevant 
application at the latest by 30 September 2016 and cumulatively meet the following criteria: 
(a) 
they have not submitted an application to be subject to the provisions of Greek Law 3869/2010 or 
have validly resigned from such application; 
(b) 
they have not stopped their operations or dissolved and (if applicable) they have not submitted an 
application to be declared bankrupt or have validly resigned from such application 
(c) 
they have not been convicted in any capacity for fraud against the Hellenic Republic of State 
Pension Funds or for smuggling; and 
(d) 
their turnover of the fiscal year 2013 must not exceed the limit of €2,500,000 
Greek Law 4738/2020, as published in the Government Gazette Issue 207/A/27.10.2020, has replaced as 
of 1 March 2021 Greek Law 4307/2014 by integrating the latter’s provisions on the power of the 
liquidator to conduct a public tender for the sale of the (total of) the debtor’s assets/sectors of business to 
its framework. The expedited liquidation process is followed pursuant to a relevant decision of the 
bankruptcy court on the liquidation of the business or individual operational units. Pursuant to the new 
framework (Article 265 par. 1 case c’ of Greek Law 4738/2020), there will be no capacity to submit new 
applications in accordance with Articles 68-77 of Greek Law 4307/2014, which will, however, remain 
into force for proceedings already initiated before 1 March 2021. Extraordinarily, if the creditors’ meeting 
so decides (in the context of a special administration) the process will be able to continue under the 
provisions of Greek Law 4738/2020 being applied by means of analogy (See “Settlement of business 
debts” here below). 
Out-of-court Mechanism for Settlement of Business Debts 
Greek Law 4469/2017, as amended by Greek Laws 4472/2017, 4549/2018 and 4587/2018, provides for an 
extrajudicial procedure for settling debts towards any creditor, which derive from the debtor’s business 
activity or other cause, provided that the settlement of those debts is considered vital by the participants in 
order to secure the debtor’s business viability. 
Any individual who can declare bankruptcy and any legal entity with income from business activity may 
apply for inclusion in the extrajudicial debt settlement mechanism, provided their tax residence is in 
Greece and specific criteria provided for by law are met. The extrajudicial debt settlement mechanism 
does not apply to debts generated after 31 December 2018 (as amended by article 5 of Greek Law 
4613/2019).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Each debtor’s application was submitted electronically to the Special Private Debt Management 
Secretariat (“EGDICH”) by 30 April 2020 (as provided under article 2 of the Act of Legislative Content 
dated 24.12.2019, which replaced the first section of paragraph 1 of article 4 of Greek Law 4469/2017, as 
amended by article 45 paragraph 3 of Greek Law 4587/2018) on the dedicated electronic platform in 
EGDICH’s website. Financial institutions had the possibility, as creditors, to initiate the procedure by 
communicating a written invitation to the debtor to enter the procedure. If the debtor failed to submit an 
application for his/her inclusion in the extrajudicial debt settlement mechanism within two (2) months as 
of the date the above invitation was served to him/her, he/she lost the right to initiate the procedure at a 
later stage. 
Submitting an application for inclusion in the extrajudicial debt settlement procedure does not constitute a 
significant reason for terminating long-term contracts. 
The approval of the debt restructuring proposal requires the debtor's consent and the formation of a 
majority of 3/5 of participating creditors, which includes 2/5 of participating creditors with special 
privilege. 
The extrajudicial procedure is concluded by the execution of a debt restructuring agreement between the 
debtor and consenting creditors, otherwise the procedure is deemed unsuccessful. The debtor or a 
participating creditor may submit an application for ratification of the debt restructuring agreement to the 
Multi-Member Court of First Instance of the debtor's registered seat. 
The ratification decision covers the total of the debtor's claims governed by the restructuring agreement 
and binds the debtor and all the creditors, irrespective of their participation in the negotiation procedure or 
in the debt restructuring agreement. 
In case the debtor fails to pay any amount due to any of the creditors in accordance with the terms of the 
debt restructuring agreement for more than ninety (90) days, the creditor has the right to request 
cancellation of the agreement towards all parties. 
It is noted that, when more financial institutions or firms under Greek Law 4354/2015 have acquired or 
manage overdue receivables of the same debtor, provided there is sufficient evidence of the debtor's 
inability to fulfil his financial obligations, they may cooperate to submit a common proposal to the debtor, 
in order to reach a sustainable solution. 
Finally, the said law explicitly sets out the cases of suspension of injunction and enforcement procedures 
against the debtor. 
Lastly, Joint Ministerial Decision 130060 (Government Gazette Issue B’ 4258/29.11.2017), as amended 
by Ministerial Decision 61654 (Government Gazette Issue B` 2324/14.06.2019), which was issued by 
virtue of article 45 of Greek Law 4587/2018, provides for a simplified extrajudicial procedure for settling 
business not exceeding in total €300,000.  
As of 1 June 2021 articles 5-30 of Greek Law 4738/2020, as published in the Government Gazette Issue 
207/A/27.10.2020, (“The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law”), shall establish a 
new out-of-Court debt settlement mechanism replacing the procedure of Greek Law 4469/2017 (see “The 
out-of-court debt settlement process pursuant to Greek Law 4738/2020” here below). 
Insolvency Proceedings  
The bankruptcy code was enacted by Greek Law 3588/2007 (the “Bankruptcy Code”), amending and 
replacing older provisions on insolvency (both in connection with winding up and rehabilitation). The 
Bankruptcy Code has been amended several times and most recently by virtue of Greek Laws 4446/2016 
(effective as of 22 December 2016) 4472/2017 (effective as of 19 May 2017), 4512/2018 (effective as of 
17 January 2018) and 4549/2018 (effective as of 14 June 2018). The latest amendments modified and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
replaced several provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to restructuring and insolvency 
proceedings. The Bankruptcy Code only applies to business undertakings, which include sole traders, 
partnerships, companies and unincorporated legal entities that pursue a financial purpose and have the 
place of their main interests in Greece, but excluding certain regulated entities (such as credit institutions 
and insurance companies). 
 
Under the Bankruptcy Code, as amended and in force, the following insolvency proceedings are currently 
available: 
 
(a) 
bankruptcy, which is regulated by Articles 1-98 of the Bankruptcy Code (except for the 
simplified bankruptcy proceedings in respect of small debtors (where the value of the 
bankruptcy estate does not exceed €100,000), which are regulated by Articles 162-163 of the 
Bankruptcy Code as replaced by article 62 of Greek Law 4472/2017, and Articles 163a – 163c 
of the Bankruptcy Code, added through article 62 of Greek Law 4472/2017);  
(b) 
a rehabilitation agreement under the Bankruptcy Code (Articles 99-106) between a debtor and 
a qualifying majority of its creditors;  
(c) 
a restructuring plan under the Bankruptcy Code (Articles 107-131, as amended by article 7 of 
Greek Law 4446/2016) following its approval by the court and the creditors. 
The Bankruptcy Code includes detailed provisions on each of the above insolvency proceedings and the 
requirements that need to be met in respect of each proceeding, including the rights of creditors 
thereunder. The latest amendments of the Bankruptcy Code include provisions intended to make these 
proceedings more expedient and efficient, including by setting stricter timeframes for completion of 
various stages of these proceedings and by strengthening documentary and expert evidence requirements 
in connection with the rehabilitation prospects. 
In addition, Greek Law 4512/2018 introduced significant amendments in respect of creditors’ ranking in 
case of insolvency. According to Greek Law 4512/2018, in the event of insolvency, the claims shall be 
satisfied in the following order: 
(a) 
claims of general privilege under article 154, case a; 
(b) 
claims of special privilege under article 155, par. 1, cases a and b; 
(c) 
rest of the claims of general privilege under article 154 and claims of special privilege under 
article 155, par. 1 case c; 
(d) 
unsecured claims. 
As regards the other provisions of claims’ ranking order, article 977A of Greek Civil Procedure Code 
applies mutatis-mutandis (see “Auction Proceeds”). 
 
By virtue of article 265 par. 1 case a’ of Greek Law 4738/2020, as published in the Government Gazette 
Issue 207/A/27.10.2020 (the “Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law”) in conjunction 
with article 308 of such law (as amended by article 83 par. 3 of Greek Law 4764/2020, published in the 
Government Gazette Issue 256/A/23.12.2020) Greek Law 3588/2007 has, as of 1 March 2021, been 
repealed. Where reference is made to Greek Law 3588/2007 and/or Bankruptcy Code, Greek Law 
4738/2020 shall be read instead. At the time of entry into force of Greek Law 4738/2020, any pending 
proceedings pursuant to Greek Law 3588/2007 shall evolve in accordance with the latter’s provisions, 
unless otherwise expressly specified under the provisions of Greek Law 4738/2020. Exceptionally, by 
decision of the majority of the assembly of creditors, any proceedings pending under Greek Law 
3588/2007 shall hereinafter evolve pursuant to the provisions of Greek Law 4738/2020. In this case,

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
regardless of the provisions pertaining to the continuation of the proceedings, the classification of the 
creditors shall be governed by the provisions of the laws that have been in force up until the inclusion in 
the new regime.  
Greek Law 4738/2020 consolidates the provisions of several statutes dealing with excessive indebtedness 
and debt settlement into one comprehensive legal framework of expanded scope, including, but not 
limited to, the proceedings provided for under Law 3588/2007, as underlined above. However, pursuant to 
Greek Law 4738/2020 (article 76) the ability to be declared bankrupt is extended to every individual, as 
well as legal entities that pursue a financial purpose, whereas pursuant to Greek Law 3588/2007 only 
traders had the ability to be declared bankrupt. Moreover, regarding the classification of creditors in case 
of insolvency, Greek Law 4738/2020 (article 167) provides that such classification shall be done by way 
of proportional application of Articles 975 to 978 of GCCP, while variations are foreseen with regards to 
the general privilege of financing and other benefits in the context of a rehabilitation agreement or 
negotiations for the conduct of one. Law 4738/2020 is expected to accelerate the liquidation of the 
bankruptcy estate and significantly simplify insolvency proceedings. 
Auction Proceeds 
The proceeds of an auction following enforcement against a property securing a Loan must be allocated in 
accordance with Articles 975, 976 and 977 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code as amended by Greek Law 
4335/2015 and most recently by Greek Law 4512/2018. The new Greek Law 4512/2018 introduced 
significant amendments to the Greek Civil Procedure Code in respect of the allocation of proceeds to the 
creditors of the Borrower.  
After the entry into force of article 977A of the Greek Civil Procedures Code and in respect of the new 
claims arising as of 17 January 2018 and onwards, if such claims are secured through a first ranking 
pledge, the auction proceeds are allocated, after deduction of the enforcement expenses, to the extent 
applicable, in the following order: 
a) creditors granted special privileges under cases 1 and 2 of article 976 of the Greek Civil Procedure 
Code, as in force, (which include secured creditors through a mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation 
over the property or a pledge); 
b) creditors granted privileges under articles 975 and case 3 of article 976 of the Greek Civil 
Procedure Code, as in force;  
c) unsecured creditors. 
In addition, proceeds raised prior to the date of the first auction which relate to unpaid wages of up to six 
(6) months on the basis of dependent employment up to a monthly amount equal to the statutory minimum 
wage for an employee aged over twenty five (25) years of age, multiplied by 275% are allocated before 
any other claim (super privilege) and after deduction of the costs of execution. 
In case that a pre-notation or mortgage is registered over more than one asset of the Borrower, the 
abovementioned claims related to unpaid wages, if announced, are satisfied by auction proceeds allocated 
to the creditors as following: (i) pari passu, if the auctions took place simultaneously; or (ii) according to 
the chronological order of the auctions until to payment in full, if the auctions took place successively. In 
the case of (ii) above, the creditors who enjoy special privileges, which are not satisfied are granted a right 
to the auction proceeds from the remaining auctioned assets of the Borrower. After the satisfaction of 
privileged creditors, the non-privileged creditors are satisfied pari passu by the remaining amount of the 
auction proceeds.  
In respect of the claims arising as of 1 January 2016 until 16 January 2018 and in respect of orders of 
execution served to the debtor after 1 January 2016, auction proceeds continue to be allocated, after

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
deduction of the enforcement expenses reasonably determined by the auction clerk, to the following 
creditors of the Borrower, to the extent applicable, in the following order, pursuant to the Greek Law 
4335/2015, as it previously stood: 
(a) creditors enjoying general privileges under Article 975 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, namely (in 
the following ranking order): 
(i) 
claims for hospitalisation and funeral costs of the Borrower and his family arising in the 
12 months prior to the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy and 
compensation claims (except claims for moral damages) due to disability exceeding eighty per 
cent. (80%) or more that arose until the day of the public auction or the declaration of 
bankruptcy; 
(ii) 
costs for the nourishment of the Borrower and his family arising in the previous six 
months before the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(iii) 
claims based on employees’ salaries and claims for fees, expenses and compensation of 
lawyers paid under fixed regular remuneration that arose during the last 2 years prior to the day 
of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy. However, such time limit does not apply 
on any compensation claims raised by employees or in-house lawyers arising by reason of 
termination of their agreements. The same rank also includes claims of the State arising out of the 
Value Added Tax (“VAT”) and any attributable or withholding taxes together with any 
increments and interests imposed on such claims, as well as claims of social security 
organisations, alimony claims in case of death of the person owing such alimony and 
compensation claims due to disability exceeding sixty seven per cent. (67%) which arose up to 
the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(iv) 
claims by farmers or farming partnerships arising from the sale of agricultural goods 
arising within the last year prior to the day that the public auction was first set to occur or the 
declaration of bankruptcy; 
(v) 
claims of the Greek state and municipal authorities arising out of any cause, together with 
any increments and interest imposed on such claims; and 
(vi) 
claims by the Athens Stock Exchange Members’ Guarantee Fund (if the borrower is or 
was an investment services company) arising in the previous 24 months prior to the day of the 
public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy (this should not be relevant for any Borrower). 
(b) creditors enjoying special privileges under Article 976 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (which 
include secured creditors through a mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation over the property or a pledge); 
and 
(c) unsecured creditors. 
In case of concurrence of general privileges (as mentioned above) and special privileges (as mentioned 
above), the percentage of satisfaction of the creditors with general privileges is limited to up to one-third 
of the auction proceeds whereas the percentage of satisfaction of creditors with special privileges is up to 
two-thirds. In case of concurrence of general privileges (as mentioned above) and special privileges 
(which include claims secured by pledge or mortgage) and non-privileged claims, the percentage of 
satisfaction of the creditors with general privileges is limited to up to 25%, whereas the percentage of 
satisfaction of creditors with special privileges is up to 65%. The remaining amount of 10% of the auction 
proceeds is allocated to the non-privileged creditors. In case of concurrence of creditors with special 
privileges and non-privileged creditors, an amount of 90% is allocated to creditors with special privileges,

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
while an amount of 10% of the auction proceeds is allocated to the non-privileged creditors. In case of 
concurrence of claims with general privileges and non-privileged claims, the percentage of satisfaction of 
the former is 70%.  
Accordingly, the Issuer, as owner of a first ranking pre-notation could be limited to receiving 
approximately two-thirds or 65% (as applicable) of the proceeds raised by an auction of a property 
securing a Loan if a claim under Article 975 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code exists. In such case, the 
proceeds may not be sufficient to discharge the amount that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer under 
the Loan, which may in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
However, given that the loans are given a maximum 80% LTV indexed value for the purpose of 
calculating the Statutory Tests the value of the property securing a Loan should exceed the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of that portion of the Loan accredited value for the purposes of the Statutory Tests. 
Accordingly, the possibility that the Issuer will not receive sufficient proceeds following the enforcement 
against a property securing a Loan to discharge the amounts that are owed to it by the relevant Borrower is 
reduced. 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation 
The Greek Covered Bond Legislation came into force in 2007 by virtue of article 91 of Greek Law 
3601/2007, which has been abolished by Greek Law 4261/2014. Article 152 of the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation, which constitutes a repetition of article 91 of Greek Law 3601/2007, came into force on 5 
May 2014, while the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation came into force on 21 November 2007 and 
was amended and restated on 29 September 2009. Finally, the legislative framework is supplemented by 
Greek Law 3156/2013 to the extend Greek Covered Bond Legislation cross refers to it. The transactions 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus are based, in part, on the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation. So far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date of this Base Prospectus there have been several 
similar issues of securities based upon the Greek Covered Bond Legislation and there has been no 
judicial authority as to the interpretation of any of the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation. 
For further information on the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, see “Overview of the Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation”. There are a number of aspects of Greek Law which are referred to in this Base 
Prospectus with which potential Covered Bondholders are likely to be unfamiliar. Particular attention 
should be paid to the sections of this Base Prospectus containing such references. 
It should also be noted that at the end of 2019, the European Parliament and the Council finalised the 
legislative package on covered bond reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 
2019/2162) and a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2160), which entered into force on 7 January 
2020 with the deadline for application of 8 July 2022 (both texts have relevance for the EEA and are to 
be implemented in due course in other countries in the EEA). The new covered bond directive replaces 
current article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC (the “UCITS Directive”), establishes a revised common 
base-line for issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that members 
states may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through national laws). The new 
regulation will be directly applicable in Member States from 8 July 2022 and it amends article 129 of the 
CRR (and certain related provisions) and further strengthens the criteria for covered bonds that benefit 
from preferential capital treatment under the CRR regime. Given that the aspects of the new regime will 
require transposition through national laws, the final position is not yet known. Therefore, there can be 
no assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the new regime on the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, it should be noted that the new covered bond directive provides for permanent 
grandfathering with respect to certain requirements of the new regime for article 52(4) UCITS Directive-
compliant covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 and includes an option for the Member States to 
allow tap issues with respect to grandfathered covered bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022),

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
provided such tap issues comply with certain prescribed requirements. Prospective investors should 
therefore make themselves aware of the changes (and any corresponding national implementing 
measures) in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in 
the Covered Bonds. 
Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based 
on English and Greek Law, respectively, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible change to English or Greek Law or administrative practice in the 
U.K. or Greece after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Covered Bonds where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Covered Bonds 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds that have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case, a Covered Bondholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which (after deducting integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination) is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should definitive Covered Bonds 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that definitive Covered 
Bonds that have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit other than the Specified Currency 
(the “Investor’s Currency”). These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
 
Greek Withholding Tax 
Potential investors of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts or delivery of securities under the Covered Bonds and the consequences of 
such actions under the tax laws of those countries. Please refer to the “Taxation” section.  
In particular, investors should note that the Greek income taxation framework is regulated by virtue of 
Greek Law 4172/2013, as it currently stands. Accordingly, though a number of interpretative circulars

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
were issued, very little (if any) precedent exists as to the application of this income tax code. See 
“Taxation” below for further details.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this summary. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
Issuer 
National Bank of Greece S.A. whose registered address is at 86 Eolou 
Street, 10559 Athens, Greece (“NBG” or the “Issuer”). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
5UMCZOEYKCVFAW8ZLO05 
Arrangers 
NBG and UBS Europe SE, a company limited by shares incorporated 
in Germany, whose registered office is at Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-
4, 60306 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (“UBS”, and together with 
NBG, the “Arrangers”). 
Dealers 
NBG, UBS Europe SE, and/or any other dealers appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Servicer 
NBG (in its capacity as the servicer and, together with any 
Replacement Servicer appointed pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed from time to time, the “Servicer”) will service, 
the Loans and Related Security in the Cover Pool pursuant to the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The Servicer shall also undertake certain notification and reporting 
services together with account handling services in relation to moneys 
from time to time standing to the credit of the Transaction Account 
and cash management activities (the “Servicing and Cash 
Management Activities”) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, 
including the calculation of the Statutory Tests. See “Servicing and 
Collection Procedures” below. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable independent institution of auditors and accountants, not 
being the auditors of the Issuer for the time being, appointed pursuant 
to the Asset Monitor Agreement as an independent monitor to 
perform tests in respect of the Statutory Tests when required in 
accordance with the requirements of the Bank of Greece. Pursuant to 
the Asset Monitor Agreement, Ernst & Young (Hellas) Certified 
Auditors – Accountants S.A., acting through their office at 8B 
Chimarras Str., Maroussi, 15125, Athens, Greece (the “Asset 
Monitor”) has been appointed as Asset Monitor.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acting through its 
office at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL has agreed to act as 
account bank (the “Account Bank”) pursuant to the Bank Account 
Agreement. 
In the event that the Account Bank ceases to be an Eligible Institution, 
the Servicer will be obliged to transfer the Transaction Account to a 
credit institution with the appropriate minimum ratings. 
Eligible Institution  
Eligible Institution means any bank whose short-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least 
P-1 by Moody’s and whose long-term issuer default rating is rated 
at least A- by S&P (or such other ratings that may be agreed by the 
parties to the Bank Account Agreement and the Rating Agencies 
from time to time). 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acting through its 
office at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL (the “Principal 
Paying Agent” and, together with any agent appointed from time to 
time under the Agency Agreement, the “Paying Agents”). The 
Principal Paying Agent will act as such pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. 
Trustee 
The Bank of New York Mellon (International) Limited acting through 
its office at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL (the “Trustee”) 
has been appointed to act as bond trustee for the Covered 
Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds and will also act as 
security trustee to hold the benefit of all security granted by the Issuer 
(on trust for itself, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors) under the Deed of Charge and the Statutory Pledge granted 
pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation. See “Security for 
the Covered Bonds” below. 
Hedging Counterparties 
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into Hedging Agreements 
with various swap providers to hedge certain currency and/or other 
risks (each a “Covered Bond Swap Provider”), pure currency 
risks (each a “FX Swap Provider”) and interest risks (each an 
“Interest Rate Swap Provider” and, together with the Covered 
Bond Swap Providers and the FX Swap Providers, the “Hedging 
Counterparties” and each a “Hedging Counterparty”) associated 
with the Covered Bonds. Each Hedging Counterparty will act as 
such pursuant to the relevant Hedging Agreement (as defined 
herein). Each Hedging Counterparty will be required to satisfy the 
conditions under paragraph I. 2(b)(bb) of the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation. 
Custodian 
A custodian (the “Custodian”) to be appointed at such time as a 
custody agreement is entered into. 
Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (the 
“Luxembourg Listing Agent”).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Rating Agencies 
Moody’s and S&P, in each case for so long as and to the extent such 
Rating Agency provides a rating in respect of any Covered Bonds, 
and any additional rating agency which may be appointed under the 
Programme from time to time to provide ratings for a specific issue of 
Covered Bonds or on an ongoing basis (together, the “Rating 
Agencies” and each a “Rating Agency”). 
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION 
Description: 
NBG €15 billion Covered Bond Programme. 
Programme Amount 
Up to €15 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies determined as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time as 
described herein. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from 
each other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of such Series. Save in respect of the first issue of Covered 
Bonds, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be 
fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds or have different 
terms from an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they 
will constitute a new Series). The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds 
without the prior consent of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to 
Condition 15 (Further Issues). See “Conditions Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds” below. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together 
with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Final Terms 
Final terms (the “Final Terms”) will be issued and published in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set out herein under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (the “Conditions”) prior to the 
issue of each Series or Tranche detailing certain relevant terms 
thereof which, for the purposes of that Series only, complete the 
Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction 
with the Conditions and the Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Series are the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Conditions Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds 
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds that (i) there is no Issuer Event outstanding and that 
such issuance would not cause an Issuer Event, (ii) such issuance 
would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) the 
Rating Agencies have been notified of such issuance, (iv) such

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
issuance has been notified to the Bank of Greece in accordance with 
paragraph II.3 of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation and (v) if 
applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement 
is entered into. 
Form of Covered Bonds  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form, see “Form of the 
Covered Bonds”.  
Issue Dates 
 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (each, the “Issue Date” in relation to such Series or 
Tranche). 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Proceeds of the Issue of 
Covered Bonds  
The gross proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used by 
the Issuer to fund its general corporate purposes. 
Denominations 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out 
in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination 
of each Covered Bond will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Covered 
Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, at least the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount 
as is required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Redenomination 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered 
Bonds may be redenominated in Euro. If so, the redenomination 
provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered 
Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds”) which will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered 
Bonds bear interest at a floating rate (“Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds”). Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed 
by 
an 
agreement 
incorporating 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions; or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service;  
(c) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s); or 
(d) by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(h), 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dual 
Currency 
Interest 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that payments of interest 
in respect of certain Covered Bonds may be made in more than one 
currency (“Dual Currency Interest Covered Bonds”) and that 
such payments, whether at maturity or otherwise, will be made in 
such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree (as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Variable 
Interest 
Covered 
Bonds 
Dual Currency Interest Covered Bonds and other Covered Bonds 
(excluding Floating Rate Covered Bonds) where the rate of interest 
is variable are referred to as “Variable Interest Covered Bonds”. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
and Variable Interest Covered 
Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Variable Interest Covered Bonds 
may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of 
Interest or both (each as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Variable Interest 
Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Covered Bonds, 
bearing no interest (“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds”), may be 
offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount. 
Partly-Paid Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds where the issue price is payable 
in more than one instalment (i.e. partly-paid basis) (“Partly-Paid 
Covered Bonds”) in which case interest will accrue on the paid-up 
amount of such Covered Bonds or on such other basis as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Ranking of the Covered 
Bonds 
All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and pro rata without any 
preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series, 
for all purposes except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Taxation 
All payments (if any) of principal, interest and other proceeds (if any) 
on the Covered Bonds will be made free and clear of any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, unless the Issuer or any 
intermediary that intervenes in the collection of interest and other

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
proceeds on the Covered Bonds is required by applicable law to make 
such a withholding or deduction. In the event that such withholding, 
or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will not be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds are issued on an unconditional basis and in 
accordance with Article 152 of Greek Law 4261/2014 (published in 
the Government Gazette No 107/A/5-5-2014 which constitutes a 
repetition of article 91 of Greek Law 3601/2007 that has been 
abolished by Greek Law 4261/2014) (“Article 152”) and the Act of 
the Governor of the Bank of Greece No. 2598/2007, as amended and 
restated by the codifying Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece 
No. 2620/2009 (the “Secondary Covered Bond Legislation” and, 
together with Article 152 the “Greek Covered Bond Legislation”). 
The Covered Bonds are backed by assets forming the Cover Pool of 
the Issuer and to the extent such assets are governed by Greek Law, 
have the benefit of a statutory pledge established pursuant to 
paragraph 4 of Article 152 (the “Statutory Pledge”) by virtue of 
registration statement(s) filed with the Athens Pledge Registry (each a 
“Registration Statement”) pursuant to paragraph 5 of Article 152. 
The form of the Registration Statement is defined in Ministerial 
Decree No 95630/8-9-2008 (published in the Government Gazette No 
1858/B/12-9-2008) of the Minister of Justice. See also “Overview of 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation” below. 
Payments on the Covered 
Bonds 
Payments on the Covered Bonds will be direct and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer. Prior to an Issuer Event on each Cover 
Pool Payment Date the Issuer will apply any funds available to it 
(including, but not limited to, funds arising in relation to the assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool) to pay all items which are listed in 
the Post Issuer Event Priority of Payments. After the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event on each Cover Pool Payment Date, the Servicer 
will apply the Covered Bonds Available Funds in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default and the 
delivery of a Notice of Default, on any Athens Business Day, all 
funds deriving from the Cover Pool Assets and the Transaction 
Documents will be applied in accordance with the Post-Cover Pool 
Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Security for the Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, by virtue 
of the Transaction Documents and pursuant to any Registration 
Statement, the Cover Pool and all cashflows derived therefrom 
(including any amounts standing to the credit of the Collection 
Account) will be available both prior to and following a winding 
up of the Issuer, to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors in priority to 
the Issuer’s obligations to any other creditors, until the repayment 
in full of the Covered Bonds. 
In accordance with the Deed of Charge, security will be created for 
the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Creditors in 
respect of the Hedging Agreements and any other Transaction

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Documents governed by English law. 
“Secured Creditors” means the Covered Bondholders, the 
Receiptholders, the Couponholders, the Trustee, any Receiver, the 
Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Servicer, the 
Hedging Counterparties and any other creditor of the Issuer having 
the benefit of the Charged Property pursuant to any Transaction 
Document entered into in the course of the Programme having 
recourse to the Cover Pool (provided that where NBG performs 
any of the above roles, NBG will not be a Secured Creditor). 
“Receiver” means any person or persons appointed (and any 
additional person or persons appointed or substituted) as an 
administrative receiver, receiver, manager, or receiver and 
manager of the Charged Property by the Trustee pursuant to the 
Deed of Charge. 
“Charged Property” means the property, assets and undertakings 
charged by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 3 of the Deed of Charge 
together with, where applicable, the property pledged pursuant to 
the Statutory Pledge. 
Cross-collateralisation and 
Recourse 
By operation of Article 152 and in accordance with the Transaction 
Documents, the Cover Pool Assets shall form a single portfolio, 
irrespective of the date of assignment to the Cover Pool and shall 
be held for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors irrespective of the Issue Date of the relevant 
Series. The Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors 
shall have recourse to the Cover Pool. 
The Cover Pool Assets may not be seized or attached in any form 
by creditors of the Issuer other than by the Trustee on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
In order to ensure that the Cover Pool is, at any time, sufficient to 
meet the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer shall be entitled, within certain limits and upon 
certain conditions, to effect certain changes to the Cover Pool 
Assets comprising the Cover Pool. See “Optional Changes to the 
Cover Pool” below. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series may be issued at par or at a premium or 
discount to par on a fully-paid basis or partly-paid basis (in each case, 
the “Issue Price” for such Series or Tranche) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. 
Interest Payment Dates 
In relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the Interest Payment 
Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may 
be). 
Cover Pool Payment Date 
The 20th day of each month and if such day is not an Athens 
Business Day the first Athens Business Day thereafter (the “Cover 
Pool Payment Date”).

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
“Athens Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Athens. 
Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that either the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds can be redeemed prior to their stated maturity for 
taxation reasons in the manner set out in Condition 6.2 (Redemption 
for taxation reasons), or that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bondholders upon 
giving notice to the Covered Bondholders or the Issuer (as the case 
may be), on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and 
at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). The applicable Final Terms may provide that Covered Bonds 
may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and 
on such dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final maturity and extendable 
obligations under the Covered 
Bonds 
The final maturity date for each Series (the “Final Maturity 
Date”) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).  
Unless previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the 
Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed by the Issuer at the 
relevant amount due on the Final Maturity Date as set out in the 
Final Terms (the “Final Redemption Amount”). If the Issuer fails 
to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of 
Covered Bonds on the applicable Final Maturity Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) then payment of any unpaid Final 
Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be automatically deferred 
until the Extended Final Maturity Date (as specified in the Final 
Terms, such date the “Extended Final Maturity Date”) and the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds, provided that, any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on such Series of 
Pass-Through Covered Bonds after the Final Maturity Date shall 
be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to 
(and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest 
will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amounts on 
each Interest Payment Date up to the Extended Final Maturity Date 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Issuer (or the Servicer 
on its behalf) will make payments on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date and Extended Final Maturity Date. If, on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any Series of Pass-
Through Covered Bonds there is a failure to pay any amount of 
principal due on such Pass-Through Covered Bonds on such date 
and such default is not remedied within a period of 7 (seven) 
Athens Business Days from the date thereof then the Trustee shall 
serve a Notice of Default on the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default the Covered Bonds of 
all Series shall become immediately due and payable.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme will be assigned a rating by 
at least two of the Rating Agencies. 
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made and will be made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme after the date hereof to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds may be unlisted or may be, on a regulated market for 
the purposes of the MiFID II, as may be agreed between the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. The 
Final Terms relating to each Tranche of the Covered Bonds will state 
whether or not the Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which regulated markets. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”), and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) in relation to any Series of 
Covered Bonds or any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered 
Bonds in the United States, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, the Hellenic Republic, Luxembourg and Japan and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. See “Subscription 
and Sale” below. 
Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation 
The Covered Bonds will be issued pursuant to the Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation. 
For further information on the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, see 
“Overview of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation” below. 
Governing law 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Trust Deed, the Deed 
of Charge, the Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the 
Bank Account Agreement, the Programme Agreement, each Custody 
Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and each Hedging 
Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
The Covered Bonds will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with English law, save that the Statutory Pledge referred to in 
Condition 2 (Status of the Covered Bonds), will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with Greek Law. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Issuer will be 
entitled to create the Statutory Pledge over: 
a) certain eligible assets set out in paragraph 8(b) of Section B of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
the Bank of Greece Act No 2588/20-8-2007 “Calculation of 
Capital Requirements for Credit Risk according to the 
Standardised Approach”, including, but not limited to claims 
deriving from loans and credit facilities of any nature comprising 
the aggregate of all principal sums, interest, costs, charges, 
expenses, and other moneys, all additional loan advances under 
such loans and credit facilities due or owing with respect to such 
loan and/or credit facilities provided that such loans and credit 
facilities are secured by residential real estate (the “Loans”) 
together with any mortgages, mortgage pre-notations, guarantees 
or indemnity payments which may be granted or due, as the case 
may be, in connection therewith (the “Related Security”, and 
together with the Loans the “Loan Assets”); following the entry 
into force of Regulation 575/2013 on 1 January 2014, the 
reference to paragraph 8(b) should be read as a reference to 
article 129 of Regulation 575/2013; 
b) derivative financial instruments including but not limited to the 
Hedging Agreements satisfying the requirements of paragraph I. 
2(b) of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation; 
c) deposits with credit institutions (including any cash flows 
deriving therefrom) provided that such deposits comply with 
paragraph 8(b) of Section B of the Bank of Greece Act No. 
2588/20-8-2007, as amended and in force, (including the 
Transaction Account, to the extent that it complies with the 
relevant regulations but excluding the Collection Account); and 
d) Marketable Assets (as defined below) (each a “Cover Pool 
Asset” and collectively the “Cover Pool”). 
By virtue of the Registration Statement(s) filed with the Athens 
Pledge Registry on or prior to the Issue Date for the first Series of 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall segregate the Cover Pool in 
connection with the issuance of Covered Bonds for the satisfaction of 
the rights of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors. 
CHANGES TO THE COVER POOL 
Optional changes to the Cover 
Pool 
The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration Statement 
so providing, to: 
a) Allocation of Further Assets: allocate to the Cover Pool 
Additional Cover Pool Assets for the purposes of issuing further 
Series of Covered Bonds and/or complying with the Statutory 
Tests and/or maintaining the rating(s) assigned to the Covered 
Bonds provided that, with respect to any New Asset Types, (i) 
Moody's (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) 
has provided confirmation in writing that the ratings on the 
Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn 
as a result of addition of the New Assets Type to the Cover Pool 
(and in the case of any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is 
rating any Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency has

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
been notified of such addition) and (ii) the risk weighting of the 
Covered Bonds will not be negatively affected; and 
b) Removal or substitution of Cover Pool Assets: prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event and provided that no breach of any 
Statutory Test has occurred and continuing or would occur as a 
result of such removal or substitution (i) remove Cover Pool 
Assets from the Cover Pool or (ii) substitute existing Cover Pool 
Assets with Additional Cover Pool Assets, provided that for any 
substitution of Additional Cover Pool Assets which are New 
Asset Types, Moody's (to the extent it is rating any Covered 
Bonds at that time) has provided confirmation in writing that the 
ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, 
or withdrawn as a result of such substitution (and in the case of 
any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered 
Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency has been notified of such 
substitution). 
“Additional Cover Pool Assets” means further assets assigned to the 
Cover Pool by the Issuer for the purposes of issuing further Series of 
Covered Bonds and/or complying with the Statutory Tests. 
“Initial Assets” means the assets comprising the Cover Pool on the 
date of the issuance by the Issuer of a Series of Covered Bonds for the 
first time pursuant to the Programme. 
“New Asset Types” means a new type of asset, which the Issuer 
intends to assign to the Cover Pool as an Additional Cover Pool 
Asset, the terms and conditions of which are materially different (in 
the opinion of the Issuer acting reasonably) from any of the Cover 
Pool Assets in the Cover Pool, including for the avoidance of doubt 
non-Euro denominated assets and/or assets which have characteristics 
other than those of the Initial Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
mortgage loan will not constitute a New Asset Type if it differs from 
any of the Cover Pool Assets in the Cover Pool solely due to it having 
different interest rates and/or interest periods and/or time periods for 
which it is subject to a fixed rate, capped rate or any other interest rate 
or the benefit of any discounts, cash-backs and/or rate guarantees. 
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer 
in accordance with the above shall form part of the Cover Pool. Upon 
any addition to the Cover Pool of any Additional Cover Pool Assets 
where the relevant transfer date is also an Issue Date, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a solvency certificate stating that the Issuer is, at 
such time, solvent. 
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer 
in accordance with the above shall form part of the Cover Pool. 
Disposal of the Loan Assets 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event the Servicer shall be 
obliged to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets in accordance with 
the provisions of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The 
proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied in accordance with the Post Issuer Event Priority 
of Payments.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
In certain circumstances the Issuer shall have the right to prevent the 
sale of Loan Assets to third parties by removing the Loan Assets 
made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring within 10 
Athens Business Days from the receipt of an offer letter, to the 
Transaction Account, an amount equal to the price set forth in such 
offer letter, subject to the provision of a solvency certificate. See 
“Description of Principal Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed”. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Trustee shall be 
entitled to direct the Servicer to dispose of the Cover Pool. 
Undertaking of the Issuer in 
respect of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Servicer undertakes to 
manage the Cover Pool in the interest of the Covered Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors and undertakes to take in a timely 
manner, any actions required in order to ensure that the servicing of 
the Loan Assets is conducted in accordance with the collection policy 
and recovery procedure applicable to the Issuer. 
Representations and 
Warranties of the Issuer 
 
Under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer has made 
and will make certain representations and warranties regarding itself 
and the Cover Pool Assets including, inter alia: 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the Transaction 
Documents and assume the obligations expressed to be 
assumed by it therein; 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of the 
obligations assumed by it; 
(iii) the existence of the Cover Pool Assets, the absence of any lien 
attaching to the Cover Pool Assets; 
(iv) its full, unconditional, legal title to the Cover Pool Assets; and 
(v) 
the validity and enforceability against the relevant debtors of 
the obligations from which the Cover Pool Assets arise. 
Individual Eligibility Criteria 
Each Loan Asset to be included in the Cover Pool shall comply with 
the following criteria (the “Individual Eligibility Criteria”): 
(i) 
it is an existing Loan, owed by Borrowers who are individuals 
and denominated in Euro; 
(ii) 
it is governed by Greek Law and the terms and conditions of 
such Loan do not provide for the jurisdiction of any court 
outside Greece; 
(iii) 
its nominal value remains a debt, which has not been paid or 
discharged; 
(iv) 
it is secured by a valid and enforceable first ranking Mortgage 
and/or Pre-Notation over property located in Greece that may 
be used for residential purposes;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(v) 
notwithstanding (iv) above, if the Mortgage and/or Mortgage 
Pre-Notation is of lower ranking, the Loans that rank higher 
have also been originated by the Issuer and are included in the 
Cover Pool; 
(vi) 
only completed properties secure the Loan; 
(vii) 
all lending criteria and preconditions applied by the relevant 
Originator’s credit policy and customary lending procedures 
and the “European Code of Conduct on Mortgage Loans” have 
been satisfied with regards to the granting of such Loan; 
(viii) the purpose of such Loan is either to buy, construct or renovate 
a property or refinance a loan granted by another bank for one 
of these purposes; 
(ix) 
it is either a fixed or floating rate Loan or a combination of 
both; 
(x) 
it is not an interest only Loan for these purposes, any Loan that 
is originated as a principal and interest payment loan and 
which contains terms and conditions allowing Borrowers to 
opt for an interest-only grace period during the term of the 
loan, shall be deemed not to be an interest-only loan; 
(xi) 
the Euro Equivalent value of the Property which secures the 
Loan has been re-assessed, either through a physical valuation 
or a Prop Index Valuation, at least once in the 12 months prior 
to the date on which the Individual Eligibility Criteria are 
tested in respect of such Loan; 
(xii) 
on the date on which such Loan is added to the Cover Pool, the 
total Euro Equivalent Outstanding Principal Balance of all 
Loans in the Cover Pool made to the primary Borrower under 
the Loan does not exceed 1% of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of all Loans; 
(xiii) on the date on which such Loan is added in the Cover Pool it 
has a maturity of no longer than the day falling 8 years before 
the Extended Final Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds then outstanding; 
(xiv) it is not a Subsidised Loan; 
(xv) 
it is not a Loan made to employees of the Issuer; 
(xvi) on the date on which such Loan is added to the Cover Pool, it 
has not been subject to a restructuring in accordance with the 
policy of the Servicer; and 
(xvii) it is a Loan that is fully disbursed and in relation to which 
there is no obligation or possibility to make additional 
disbursements.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
“Latest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the Series of 
the Covered Bonds that has or have the latest Final Maturity Date or 
the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date, as applicable, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Mortgage” means the legal charge, standard security, mortgage or 
charge securing a Loan. 
“OEK” means the Greek Worker Housing Association as succeeded 
in full by the Manpower Employment Organisations (“OAED”) by 
virtue of Greek Law 4144/2013 and other relevant legislation and 
reference to OEK shall include reference to OAED as appropriate. 
“OEK Subsidised Loans” means those Loans, which for the 
avoidance of doubt are only denominated in euro, in respect of which 
the OEK makes payment of Subsidised Interest Amounts pursuant to 
the applicable laws and the bilateral agreements pursuant to which the 
OEK pays subsidies to the Issuer in respect of such Loans. 
“Pre Notation” means a judicial mortgage pre notation under Articles 
1274 et seq. of the Greek Civil Code, as in force, granted in respect of 
a Property. 
“Subsidised Interest Amounts” means the interest subsidy amounts, 
which for the avoidance of doubt shall only be denominated in euro, 
due and payable from the Greek State in respect of the State 
Subsidised Loans and/or from the OEK in respect of the OEK 
Subsidised Loans and/or from any other Greek State subsidised entity 
in respect of any other Subsidised Loan (as the case may be). 
“Subsidised Loan” means either the OEK Subsidised Loans, the 
State Subsidised Loans or the State/OEK Subsidised Loan or loans 
subsidised by any additional Greek State subsidised or owned entity, 
which for the avoidance of doubt are only denominated in Euro. 
“State/OEK Subsidised Loans” means those Loans, which for the 
avoidance of doubt are only denominated in euro, which are both 
State Subsidised Loans and OEK Subsidised Loans. 
“State Subsidised Loans” means those Loans, which for the 
avoidance of doubt are only denominated in euro, in respect of which 
the Hellenic Republic makes payment of Subsidised Interest Amounts 
pursuant to all applicable laws. 
Monitoring of the Cover Pool 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall verify 
that the Cover Pool satisfies the following aggregate criteria: 
(i) 
the Cover Pool satisfies the Nominal Value Test; 
(ii) the Cover Pool satisfies the Net Present Value Test; and 
(iii)  the Cover Pool satisfies the Interest Cover Test, (collectively, the 
“Statutory Tests” and each a “Statutory Test”).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Servicer shall provide such verifications on each Applicable 
Calculation Date. 
“Applicable Calculation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Nominal Value Test, each Calculation Date; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of the Net Present Value Test and the Interest 
Cover test, each Calculation Date which falls in March, June, 
September and December of each year. 
Statutory Tests 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Cover Pool is 
subject to the Statutory Tests as set out in the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation. Failure of the Issuer to cure a breach of any one of 
the Statutory Tests within two Athens Business Days will result in the 
Issuer not being able to issue further Covered Bonds. The Statutory 
Tests will include the following: 
(a) The Nominal Value Test: Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event the Issuer must ensure that on each Calculation Date, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds, 
together with all accrued interest thereon, is not greater than 82% 
(or such lower percentage which the Issuer may determine in 
accordance with any alternative methodologies of the relevant 
Rating Agency rating any Covered Bonds at that time) of the 
Nominal Value of the Cover Pool (as determined in accordance 
with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed). In order to 
assess compliance with this test, all of the assets comprising the 
Cover Pool shall be evaluated at their Nominal Value but not 
including any Interest Rate Swap, any FX Swap and the Covered 
Bond Swaps.   
“Nominal Value” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed. 
For the purposes of calculating the Nominal Value of the Cover 
Pool, the value of any non-Euro denominated assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool shall be converted into euro on the basis of the 
exchange rate published by the ECB as at such Calculation Date. 
“Marketable Assets” has the meaning given to that term in the 
Act of the Monetary Policy Council of the Bank of Greece No. 
96/22.4.2015 (which replaced the Act of the Monetary Policy 
Council of the Bank of Greece No. 54/27-2-2004), as in force 
and amended from time to time, and which comply with the 
requirements for Eligible Investments, are allowed to be included 
in the Cover Pool and will be included in assessing compliance 
with the Nominal Value Test, provided that such assets in the 
Cover Pool do not exceed the difference in value between the 
Principal Amounts Outstanding of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding plus accrued interest and the nominal value of the 
Cover Pool plus accrued interest.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(b) The Net Present Value Test: Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event the Issuer must ensure that on each Calculation Date 
falling in March, June, September and December of each year 
the Net Present Value of liabilities under the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding is less than or equal to the Net Present Value of the 
Cover Pool, including the Interest Rate Swap and the Covered 
Bond Swaps. 
The Net Present Value Test must also be satisfied under the 
assumption of parallel shifts of the yield curve by 200 basis 
points. 
In addition, the Issuer must ensure that on each Calculation Date 
falling in March, June, September and December, the Net 
Present Value of any Interest Rate Swap, any FX Swap, any 
Covered Bond Swap and the Transaction Account (if not held by 
the Issuer) are in aggregate less than or equal to 15.0% of the 
nominal value (being principal) of the Covered Bonds plus 
accrued interest thereon. 
For the purposes of calculating the net present value of the Cover 
Pool, all amounts denominated in a currency other than euro 
shall be converted into euro on the basis of the exchange rate 
published by the ECB as at such Calculation Date. 
(c) The Interest Cover Test: Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event which is continuing, the Issuer must ensure that on each 
Calculation Date falling in March, June, September and 
December of each year the amount of interest due on all Series of 
Covered Bonds does not exceed the amount of interest expected 
to be received in respect of the assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool and the Marketable Assets which are to be included for the 
purpose of valuation in accordance with paragraph I.6 of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, in each case, during the 
period of 12 months from such Calculation Date and the Hedging 
Agreements (if included, at the discretion of the Issuer) must be 
included for assessing compliance with this test. 
“Calculation Date” means five Athens Business Days prior to each 
Cover Pool Payment Date. 
“Eligible Investments” means any Marketable Assets denominated in 
Euro, provided that, in all cases: 
(a) such investments are immediately repayable on demand, 
disposable without penalty or have a maturity date falling on or 
before the next Cover Pool Payment Date;  
(b) such investments provide a fixed principal amount at maturity 
(such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount); 
and 
(c) (i) each of the debt securities or other debt instruments and the 
issuing entity or (in the case of debt securities or other debt

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
instruments which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an 
unsubordinated basis) the guaranteeing entity are rated at least: 
A. 
Aa3 and P-1 by Moody’s and AA- and A-1 by S&P, with 
regards to investments having a maturity of up to 365 
days where such investments are given both a short-term 
and a long-term rating by the relevant rating agency; or 
B. 
P-1 by Moody’s and A-1 by S&P with regards to 
investments having a maturity of up to 365 days where 
such investments are given a short-term rating but not a 
long-term rating by the relevant rating agency,  
provided that if the then outstanding Covered Bonds are 
rated Ba1 or lower by Moody’s and BB or lower by 
S&P: 
(1) 
A3 or P-2 by Moody’s and BBB or A2 by S&P 
with regards to investments having a maturity 
of up to 365 days where such investments carry 
both short term and long term ratings provided 
that where the maturity of the relevant 
investment is less than 30 days, the relevant 
rating must not be less than the current rating of 
the Covered Bonds; and 
(2) 
P-2 by Moody’s and A2 by S&P with regards 
to investments having a maturity of up to 365 
days where such investment, are given a short-
term rating but not a long-term rating by the 
relevant rating agency; or 
(ii) each of the debt securities or other debt instruments is issued 
by a money market fund or variable net asset value fund, in each 
case having a money market fund rating from Moody’s and S&P 
in each case that would comply with the requirement in (c)(i) 
above. 
For the purposes of calculating the Interest Cover Test set out above, 
each Loan will be deemed to have an outstanding principal balance of 
and bear interest on an amount equal to the lower of: 
(a) 
the Euro Equivalent of the actual Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Loan in the Cover Pool as 
calculated on the relevant Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
the Euro Equivalent of the latest of either the physical 
valuation or the Prop Index Valuation relating to that Loan 
multiplied by 0.80 less the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
any first ranking Loan if such Loan is a second ranking Loan, 
provided that such Loan can never be given a value of less than 
zero; and 
(c) 
if the relevant Loan is in arrear of more than 90 days,

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
zero, 
and each Loan shall be deemed to bear interest on the lower of the 
amounts calculated in (a), (b) and (c) above. 
In addition, in calculating such tests, all Loans that do not comply with 
the representations and warranties during the immediately preceding 
calculation period, shall be given a zero value. 
“Prop Index Valuation” means the index of movements in house 
prices issued by Prop Index SA in relation to residential properties in 
Greece. 
Breach of Statutory Tests 
If on an Applicable Calculation Date any one or more of the Statutory 
Tests being tested on such Applicable Calculation Date are not 
satisfied, the Issuer must take prompt action to cure any breach(es) of 
the relevant Statutory Tests. 
The Servicer or (where NBG is not the Servicer) the Issuer, as the 
case may be will immediately notify in writing the Trustee of any 
breach of any of the Statutory Tests. 
In the event that the Issuer breaches any Statutory Test, the Issuer will 
not be permitted to issue any further Covered Bonds until such time 
as such Statutory Test breach has been cured. 
Amortisation Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests and pursuant to the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed, following an Issuer Event, which is 
continuing, the Cover Pool will be subject to an amortisation test (the 
“Amortisation Test”). The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure 
that the Cover Pool Assets are sufficient to meet the obligations under 
all Covered Bonds outstanding together with senior expenses that 
rank senior or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds. 
The Amortisation Test will be tested by the Servicer on each 
Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event. 
Following a breach of the Amortisation Test all Series of Covered 
Bonds become Pass Through Covered Bonds and the Issuer shall 
redeem all Series of Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date, in 
accordance with and subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Servicer will immediately notify in writing the Trustee of any 
breach of any of the Amortisation Test. 
Amendment to definitions 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed will provide that the 
definitions of Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, Statutory Test and 
Amortisation Test may be amended by the Issuer from time to time as 
a consequence of, inter alia, the inclusion in the Cover Pool, of a New 
Asset Type and/or changes to the hedging policies or servicing and 
collection procedures of NBG without the consent of the Trustee 
provided that Moody's (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at 
that time) has provided confirmation in writing that the ratings on the 
Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn as a 
result of such amendment (and in the case of any other Rating Agency

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating 
Agency has been notified of such amendment). The Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed shall set forth the conditions for any such 
amendments to be effected. 
See “Description of Principal Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed – Amendment to definitions”. 
Issuer Events 
Prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of 
Default, if any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event”) 
occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event; 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to pay any principal or interest in respect of 
any Series of Covered Bonds within a period of seven Athens 
Business Days from the due date thereof; 
(c) 
the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of any Series of Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity 
Date (notwithstanding that the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds has an Extended Final Maturity Date); 
(d) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or 
observance of any obligation, condition or provision binding 
on it (other than any obligation for the payment of amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons of any 
Series) under the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge or any other 
Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party which, in 
the opinion of the Trustee would have a materially prejudicial 
effect on the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series, and (except where such default is or the effects of such 
default are, in the opinion of the Trustee, not capable of 
remedy when no such continuation and notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) such default continues for 30 
days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after 
written notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer 
requiring the default to be remedied; 
(e) 
any present or future Indebtedness in respect of moneys 
borrowed or raised in an amount of €10,000,000 or more 
(other than Indebtedness under this Programme) of the Issuer 
becomes due and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof 
as extended by any grace period originally applicable thereto; 
or if any present or future guarantee of, or indemnity given by 
the Issuer in respect of such Indebtedness is not honoured 
when called upon or within any grace period originally 
applicable thereto; or 
(f) 
if there is a breach of a Statutory Test on an Applicable 
Calculation Date and such breach is not remedied within two 
Athens Business Days, 
then (i) no further Covered Bonds will be issued, (ii) the Servicer will

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
procure that any and all payments due under the Cover Pool Assets 
are effected henceforth directly to the Transaction Account, (iii) all 
collections of principal and interest on the Cover Pool Assets will be 
dedicated exclusively to the payment of interest and repayment of 
principal on the Covered Bonds and to the fulfilment of the 
obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis the Secured Creditors in accordance 
with the Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments, and (iv) if NBG is 
the Servicer, its appointment as Servicer will be terminated and a new 
servicer will be appointed pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed and the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation. 
“Indebtedness” means all indebtedness in respect of moneys 
borrowed on the capital markets. 
Authorised Investments 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer is 
entitled to draw sums from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account. 
In accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed, prior to an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall invest sums in 
Authorised Investments. 
“Authorised Investments” means each of: 
(a) 
Euro denominated demand or time deposits, certificates of 
deposit, long term debt obligations and short-term debt 
obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all 
cases such investments are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and at 
least BBB or A2 by S&P (or such other ratings that may be 
agreed by the Rating Agencies from time to time), have a 
remaining period to maturity of 30 days or less and mature on 
or before the next following Cover Pool Payment Date and (i) 
the long-term or short-term issuer default rating of the issuing 
or guaranteeing entity or the entity with which the demand or 
the deposits are made are rated at least BBB or A2 respectively 
by S&P and (ii) the short-term, unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing 
entity or the entity with which the demand or time deposits are 
made are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s (or such other ratings 
that may be agreed by the Rating Agencies from time to time); 
(b) 
Euro denominated government and public securities, provided 
that such investments have a remaining period to maturity of 30 
days or less and mature on or before the next following Cover 
Pool Payment Date and which are rated Aaa by Moody’s and 
BBB or A2 by S&P (or such other ratings that may be agreed 
by the Rating Agencies from time to time); and 
(c) 
Euro denominated residential mortgage backed securities 
provided that such investments have a remaining period to 
maturity of 30 days or less and mature on or before the next 
following Cover Pool Payment Date, are actively traded in a 
continuous, liquid market on a recognised stock exchange, are

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
held widely across the financial system, are available in an 
adequate supply and which are rated at least Aaa by Moody’s 
and AA by S&P (or such other ratings that may be agreed by 
the Rating Agencies from time to time), 
provided that such Authorised Investments (i) shall provide a fixed 
principal amount due at its maturity (such amount not being lower than 
the initially invested amount) and shall not include any embedded 
options (i.e. it shall not be callable, putable, or convertible), unless full 
payment of principal is paid in cash upon the exercise of the embedded 
option and (ii) satisfy the requirements for eligible assets that can 
collateralise covered bonds under paragraph I.2(a) of the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation. 
Servicing and collection 
procedures 
The Servicer will be responsible for the servicing of the Cover Pool, 
including, inter alia, for the following activities: 
(a) 
collection and recovery in respect of each Cover Pool Asset; 
(b) 
administration and management of the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
management of any judicial or extra judicial proceeding 
connected to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
keeping accounting records of the amounts due and collected 
under the Loan Assets and the Hedging Agreements; 
(e) 
preparation, upon request of the Issuer, the Trustee or the 
Rating Agencies, of monthly reports (to be submitted to the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies (in each case if 
requested) on the amounts due by debtors, and on the 
collections and recoveries made in respect of the Loan Assets 
and Hedging Agreements; and 
(f) 
carrying out the reconciliation of the amounts due and the 
amounts effectively paid by the debtors under the Loans on the 
relevant Cover Pool Payment Date. 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOW STRUCTURE 
Collection Account 
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer will deposit on 
a daily basis within one Athens Business Day of receipt, all 
collections of interest and principal it receives on the Cover Pool 
Assets and all moneys received from Marketable Assets and 
Authorised Investments, if any, included in the Cover Pool into a 
segregated euro account maintained at NBG (the “Collection 
Account”). NBG will not commingle any of its own funds and 
general assets with amounts standing to the credit of the Collection 
Account. For the avoidance of doubt, any cash amounts standing to 
the credit of the Collection Account shall not comprise part of the 
Cover Pool for purposes of the Statutory Tests.  
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, and 
provided that no breach of the Statutory Tests has occurred and has

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
not been remedied in accordance with the Transaction Documents, the 
Issuer will be entitled to withdraw any sums standing to the credit of 
the Collection Account at any time. 
All amounts deposited in, and standing to the credit of, the Collection 
Account shall constitute segregated property distinct from all other 
property of NBG pursuant to paragraph 9 of Article 152 and by virtue 
of an analogous application of paragraphs 14 through 16 of Article 10 
of Greek Law 3156/2003 or other than as created under or permitted 
pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
“Credit Institution” means a credit institution for the purposes of 
Greek 
Law 4261/2014 of the Hellenic Republic. 
“Replacement Servicer” means any entity appointed as a substitute 
servicer in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed. 
Transaction Account 
On or about the Programme Closing Date, a segregated Euro 
denominated account will be established with the Account Bank (the 
“Transaction Account”). Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, 
NBG will be entitled to withdraw amounts from time to time 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, if any, that are in 
excess of any cash amounts required to satisfy the Statutory Tests. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, NBG shall no longer be 
entitled to withdraw moneys from the Transaction Account other 
than for purposes of making payments in accordance with the Post 
Issuer Event Priority of Payments. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event (as defined above), the 
Servicer shall (i) procure that within two days after the occurrence of 
such Issuer Event, all collections of principal and interest on deposit 
in the Collection Account be transferred to the corresponding 
Transaction Account and (ii) any and all future payments due under 
the Cover Pool Assets upon receipt or collection by the Servicer are 
henceforth to be effected directly to the Transaction Account. 
Following an Issuer Event, the Transaction Account will be used for 
the crediting of, inter alia, moneys received in respect of the Cover 
Pool Assets included in the Cover Pool or to effect a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds including the following amounts: 
(a) 
any amounts received by the Issuer in respect of the Loan 
Assets and the Marketable Assets; 
(b) 
any amounts credited by the Issuer for effecting payments on 
the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
any amounts deposited by the Issuer when effecting optional 
substitution of Cover Pool Assets (including any amount 
deposited by the Issuer to prevent a sale of the Loan Assets to a 
third party);

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(d) 
any amounts transferred by the Servicer in connection with the 
sale of Cover Pool Assets; 
(e) 
any amounts paid to the Issuer by the Hedging Counterparties 
under the Hedging Agreements (other than Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts (if any)); and 
(f) 
any amounts deriving from maturity or liquidation of 
Authorised Investments carried out by the Servicer in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed. 
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will maintain records in 
relation to the Transaction Account in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents. 
Issuer Collection Account 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, pursuant to the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed, the Issuer has undertaken to (i) open the 
Issuer Collection Account with the Replacement Servicer or, if the 
Replacement Servicer is not a credit institution for the purposes of 
Greek Banking Legislation, with the credit institution appointed by 
such Replacement Servicer and (ii) not to knowingly create or permit 
to subsist any Security Interest in relation to the Issuer Collection 
Account other than as permitted pursuant to paragraph 9 of article 91 
of Greek Law 3601/2007 and by virtue of an analogous application of 
paragraphs 14 through 16 of article 10 of Greek Law 3156/2003 or 
other than as created under or permitted pursuant to the Deed of 
Charge. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer Collection Account 
shall be deemed a “Collection Account” for the purposes of the 
Transaction Documents. 
Covered Bonds Available 
Funds 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Issuer shall transfer 
any amounts it receives in respect of any Cover Pool Assets to the 
Transaction Account within three Athens Business Days of receipt. 
The Transaction Account will be maintained with the Account Bank 
for as long as the Account Bank is an Eligible Institution. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, payments on the 
Covered Bonds will be made from the Covered Bonds Available 
Funds in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
“Covered Bonds Available Funds” means, at any time upon or after 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event (in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds) and, in respect of any Cover Pool Payment Date, as the case 
may be, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account at 
the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all amounts (if any) paid or to be paid on or prior to such Cover 
Pool Payment Date by the Hedging Counterparties into the 
Transaction Account pursuant to the Hedging Agreement(s);

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(c) 
all amounts of interest paid on the Transaction Account during 
the Interest Period immediately preceding such Cover Pool 
Payment Date; 
(d) 
the General Reserve Withdrawal Amount; and 
(e) 
all amounts deriving from repayment at maturity of any 
Authorised Investment on or prior to such Cover Pool Payment 
Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(i) 
should there be any duplication in the amounts included in the 
different items of the Covered Bonds Available Funds above, 
the Servicer shall avoid such duplication when calculating the 
Covered Bonds Available Funds; and 
(ii) 
the Covered Bonds Available Funds will not include (A) any 
early termination amount received by the Issuer under a 
Hedging Agreement, which is applied in acquiring a 
replacement Interest Rate Swap, FX Swap or Covered Bond 
Swap (as applicable); (B) any Excess Swap Collateral or Swap 
Collateral, except to the extent that the value of such Swap 
Collateral has been applied, pursuant to the provisions of the 
relevant Hedging Agreement, to reduce the amount that would 
otherwise be payable by the Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer 
on early termination of the Interest Rate Swap, FX Swap or 
Covered Bond Swap (as applicable) and, to the extent so 
applied in reduction of the amount otherwise payable by the 
Hedging Counterparty, such Swap Collateral is not to be 
applied in acquiring a replacement swap (the “Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts”); (C) any premium received by the Issuer 
from a replacement Hedging Counterparty in respect of a 
replacement Interest Rate Swap, FX Swap or Covered Bond 
Swap, to the extent used to make any termination payment due 
and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous Interest 
Rate Swap or Covered Bond Swap; and (D) any tax credits 
received by the Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap, FX 
Swap or Covered Bond Swap (as applicable) used to reimburse 
the relevant Hedging Counterparty for any gross-up in respect 
of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature (and wherever imposed) made under 
the relevant Interest Rate Swap, FX Swap or Covered Bond 
Swap (as applicable). 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means in respect of a Hedging Agreement, 
an amount (which will be transferred directly to the Hedging 
Counterparty in accordance with the Hedging Agreement) equal to the 
amount by which the value of the collateral (or the applicable part of 
any collateral) provided by the Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Hedging Agreement exceeds the Hedging 
Counterparty's liability under the Hedging Agreement (such liability 
determined as if no collateral had been provided) which it is otherwise

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the Hedging 
Agreement; 
“Swap Collateral” means, at any time, any asset (including, without 
limitation, cash and/or securities) other than Excess Swap Collateral, 
which is paid or transferred by a Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer 
as collateral in respect of the performance by such Hedging 
Counterparty of its obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement 
together with any income or distributions received in respect of such 
asset and any equivalent of such asset into which such asset is 
transformed. 
Any securities held as Swap Collateral shall be deposited with the 
Custodian appointed pursuant to the terms of any Custody 
Agreement. 
Cover Pool Event of Default 
If following an Issuer Event one of the following events occurs, and is 
continuing (a “Cover Pool Event of Default”): 
(a) 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any Series 
of Pass-Through Covered Bonds there is a failure to pay any 
amount of principal due on such Pass-Through Covered 
Bonds on such date and such default is not remedied within a 
period of seven Athens Business Days from the due date 
thereof; or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the 
amount of interest due on any Series of Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds and any other Series of Covered Bonds 
occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of 14 
Athens Business Days from the due date thereof, 
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice from the Principal 
Paying Agent, or the Servicer in the case of (c), of the occurrence of 
such Cover Pool Event of Default, serve a notice (a “Notice of 
Default”) on the Issuer. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds of all 
Series shall become immediately due and payable. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Trustee shall be 
entitled to direct the Servicer to dispose of the Cover Pool. See 
“Description of Principal Documents - Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed”. 
Priority of Payments prior to 
the delivery of a Notice of 
Default 
At any time upon or after the occurrence of any Issuer Event but prior 
to the delivery of a Notice of Default, the Servicer shall apply all 
Covered Bonds Available Funds (which funds shall include all 
amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account) on each 
Cover Pool Payment Date in making the following payments and 
provisions in the following order of priority (the “Post Issuer Event 
Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full):

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(i) first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due and 
payable or to become due and payable prior to the next Cover 
Pool Payment Date to the Trustee (including remuneration 
payable to it) under the provisions of the Trust Deed together 
with interest and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon 
to the extent provided therein; 
(ii) second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof to pay any additional fees, costs, expenses and 
taxes due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment Date or to 
provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable 
prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date to fund any notice to 
be given to any parties in accordance with any of the Transaction 
Documents or to the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) third, to pay all amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment 
Date to any Custodian appointed under any Custody Agreement; 
(iv) fourth, to pay all amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment 
Date (and for which payment has not been provided for 
elsewhere in the relevant Priorities of Payments), to any Secured 
Creditors other than the Covered Bondholders and any Custodian 
with the exception of any amount due to be paid, or that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment 
Date, to the Hedging Counterparties under the Hedging 
Agreements; 
(v) fifth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof (a) to pay all amounts of interest due and 
payable on the Pass-Through Covered Bonds and on the Covered 
Bonds the relevant Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for 
all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the 
next Cover Pool Payment Date on any Covered Bonds and (b) to 
pay any amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment 
Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due 
and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date under 
any Hedging Agreement other than Subordinated Termination 
Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such 
Hedging Agreements; 
(vi) sixth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due as principal in respect of any 
Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds and any other Series of 
Covered Bonds then outstanding on the Cover Pool Payment 
Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due 
and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date (if any), 
on any other Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds and any 
other Series of Covered Bonds; 
(vii) seventh, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding,

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
any remaining Covered Bonds Available Funds will remain 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, or, as 
applicable, be deposited in the Transaction Account; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable on the 
Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts 
that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool 
Payment Date to any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any 
Subordinated Termination Payment; and 
(ix) ninth, to pay any excess to the Issuer. 
“Subordinated Termination Payment” means any termination 
payments due and payable to any Hedging Counterparty under a 
Hedging Agreement where such termination results from (a) an 
Additional Termination Event “Ratings Event” as specified in the 
schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement, (b) bankruptcy of the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty, or (c) any default and/or failure to 
perform by such Hedging Counterparty under the relevant Hedging 
Agreement, other than, in the event of (a) or (c) above, other than the 
amount of any termination payment due and payable to such Hedging 
Counterparty in relation to the termination of such transaction to the 
extent of any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement 
hedging counterparty. 
Priority of Payments following 
the delivery of a Notice of 
Default 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default and the 
delivery of a Notice of Default all funds deriving from the Cover Pool 
Assets and the Transaction Documents, standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account shall be applied on any Athens Business Day in 
accordance with the following order of priority of payments (the 
“Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of Payments” and, 
together with the Post Issuer Event Priority of Payments, the 
“Priorities of Payments” and, each of them a “Priority of 
Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full) provided that any such amount 
has not been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the 
Cover Pool: 
(i) first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee is entitled 
pursuant to the Trust Deed and any costs and expenses incurred 
by or on behalf of the Trustee (a) following the occurrence of a 
Potential Cover Pool Event of Default in connection with or as a 
result of serving on the Issuer a Notice of Default (to the extent 
that any such amounts have not yet been paid out of the Covered 
Bonds Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of 
Default) and (b) following the delivery of a Notice of Default in 
connection with or as a result of the enforcement of (A) the 
security granted under the Statutory Pledge and the Deed of 
Charge and/or (B) any other right or remedy that the Trustee is 
entitled to, or is required to pursue, under or in connection with 
the Transaction Documents and the Covered Bonds for the 
purpose of protecting the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(ii) second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, (a) to pay all amounts of interest and principal 
then due and payable on any Covered Bonds, (b) to pay any 
additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable in 
connection with any listing or deposit of the Covered Bonds or to 
fund any notice to be given to any parties in accordance with any 
of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders, (c) 
to pay all amounts due and payable to any Secured Creditors, other 
than the Covered Bondholders and (d) any amounts due and 
payable under any Hedging Agreement other than the 
Subordinated 
Termination 
Payments 
to 
any 
Hedging 
Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements; and 
(iii) third, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination 
Payment; and 
(iv) fourth, following the payment in full of all items under (i) to (iii) 
above, to pay all excess amounts to the Issuer. 
“Indemnity” means any indemnity amounts due to the Trustee under 
Clause 14 of the Trust Deed. 
Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed 
Under the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed entered 
into on the Programme Closing Date (as amended and restated from 
time to time) between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Servicer (as 
amended and restated, the “Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed”), the Servicer has been authorised, subject to the conditions 
specified therein, to administer the cash flows arising from the Cover 
Pool. 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed sets forth the terms and 
conditions upon which the Servicer shall be required to administer the 
Cover Pool Assets. 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed the Servicer 
has undertaken to prepare and deliver certain reports in connection 
with the Loan Assets. Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, the Servicer will agree to perform certain 
obligations in connection with the management of the Cover Pool. 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed contains provisions 
under which the Issuer shall be obliged upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions specified therein, to appoint an appropriate entity to 
perform the Servicing and Cash Management Activities to be 
performed by the Servicer. 
Programme Closing Date 
means 21 June 2010 (the “Programme Closing Date”). 
See “Description of the Principal Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed”.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of the asset monitor agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date between the Asset Monitor, the Servicer, 
the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended and restated, the “Asset 
Monitor Agreement”), the Asset Monitor has agreed to carry out 
various testing and notification duties in relation to the calculations 
performed by the Servicer in relation to the Statutory Tests. 
Trust Deed 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed entered into on the Programme 
Closing Date (as amended and restated from time to time) between 
the Issuer and the Trustee, the Trustee will be appointed to act as the 
Covered Bondholders’ representative in accordance with paragraph 2 
of Article 152 of Greek Law 4261/2014. 
Deed of Charge 
The Issuer shall, where necessary, assign its rights arising under the 
Hedging Agreements and any Transaction Document governed by 
English law to the Trustee (on trust for itself and on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors) in accordance 
with a deed of charge (the “Deed of Charge”). 
In addition, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors 
have agreed that, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, all the 
Covered Bonds Available Funds will be applied in or towards 
satisfaction of all the Issuer’s payment obligations towards the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, in accordance 
with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the 
relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Trustee has been authorised, in accordance with the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed, subject to a Notice of Default being 
delivered to the Issuer following the occurrence of a Cover Pool 
Event of Default or upon failure by the Issuer to exercise its rights 
under the Transaction Documents, to exercise, in the name and on 
behalf of the Issuer, all the Issuer’s rights arising out of the 
Transaction Documents to which the Issuer is a party. 
The Deed of Charge shall be governed by English Law. 
Agency Agreement 
Under the terms of an agency agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date between the Issuer, the Agents and the 
Trustee (as amended and restated from time to time) (the “Agency 
Agreement”), the Agents have agreed to provide the Issuer with 
certain agency services and the Paying Agents have agreed, inter 
alia, to make available for inspection such documents as may be 
required from time to time by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to arrange for the publication of any notice to be given 
to the Covered Bondholders. 
Bank Account Agreement 
Under the terms of the bank account agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date between the Account Bank, the Servicer, 
the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended and restated from time to 
time) (the “Bank Account Agreement”), The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch has agreed to operate the Transaction 
Account and any cash or securities collateral accounts to hold cash or 
securities respectively as collateral posted by a relevant Hedging

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Counterparty pursuant to the terms of a relevant Hedging Agreement 
(the “Swap Collateral Accounts” and together with the Transaction 
Account, the “Bank Accounts”) in accordance with the instructions 
given by the Servicer. 
Custody Agreement 
The Issuer may enter into any custody agreement, after the 
Programme Closing Date, between, inter alios, the Custodian and the 
Issuer (the “Custody Agreement”), (as any of the same may be 
amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time to 
time). 
Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements, FX Swap Agreements and Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements, (together the “Hedging Agreements”) with 
one or more Hedging Counterparties for the purpose of, inter alia, 
protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, 
interest rate, liquidity, currency and credit) related to the Loan Assets 
and/or the Covered Bonds. In accordance with the terms set forth in 
the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer may include the 
claims of the Issuer arising from the Hedging Agreements, together 
with the cash flows deriving therefrom in the Cover Pool provided 
that, inter alia the terms and conditions of such Hedging Agreements 
shall not adversely affect the ratings of the then outstanding Covered 
Bonds. 
The Hedging Agreements shall be governed by English Law. 
The Issuer’s rights arising from the Hedging Agreements will be 
included as part of the Cover Pool at the Issuer's discretion. 
Transaction Documents 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Programme 
Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Agency Agreement, 
the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge, the Bank Account Agreement, 
the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Master Definitions and 
Construction Schedule, each of the Final Terms, each Registration 
Statement, the Conditions, the Hedging Agreements, any agreement 
entered into with a new Servicer, any custody agreement entered into 
from time to time in connection with the holding of any Authorised 
Investment or the Swap Collateral together with any additional 
document entered into in respect of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
Cover Pool and designated as a Transaction Document by the Issuer 
and the Trustee, are together referred to as the “Transaction 
Documents”. 
“Subscription Agreement” means an agreement supplemental to the 
Programme Agreement (by whatever name called) in or substantially 
in the form set out in the Programme Agreement or in such other form 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Lead Manager or one or 
more Dealers (as the case may be). 
Investor Report 
On the day which falls two Athens Business Days prior to the Cover 
Pool Payment Date falling in March, June, September and December 
of each year (each an “Investor Report Date”), the Servicer will 
produce an investor report (the “Investor Report”), which will

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
contain information regarding the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool 
Assets, including statistics relating to the financial performance of the 
Cover Pool Assets. Such report will be available to the prospective 
investors in the Covered Bonds and to Covered Bondholders at the 
offices of The Bank of New York Mellon on Bloomberg and on the 
website www.nbg.gr.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall 
be incorporated by reference, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
Unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of National Bank of Greece S.A. 
as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2020 (the “Nine Months 2020 
Financial Statements”) which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the 
EU 
(available 
at 
https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-group/investor-relations/financial-
information/annual-interim-financial-
statements/Documents/Annual%20and%20interim%20financial%20statements/Financial%20Rep
ort%2030%2009%202020%20_%20EN.pdf); 
(b) 
Unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of National Bank of Greece S.A. 
as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2020 (the “Six Months 2020 Financial 
Statements”) which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the EU 
(available 
at 
https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-group/investor-relations/financial-
information/annual-interim-financial-
statements/Documents/Annual%20and%20interim%20financial%20statements/Financial%20Stat
ements%2030%2006%202020_EN.pdf); 
(c) 
Group and Bank 2019 Annual Financial Report, which includes the Certification of the Board of 
Directors, the Board of Directors’ Report, the Independent Auditor’s Report and the Audited 
Separate and Consolidated Financial Statements for the Bank and the Group as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2019, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the 
EU (the “2019 Annual Financial Statements”) (available at https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-
group/investor-relations/annual-report-offerring-circular/Documents/annual-report-2019.pdf);  
(d) 
Group and Bank 2018 Annual Financial Report, which includes the Certification of the Board of 
Directors, the Board of Directors’ Report, the Independent Auditor’s Report and the Audited 
Separate and Consolidated Financial Statements for the Bank and the Group as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2018, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the 
EU (the “2018 Annual Financial Statements”) (available at https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-
group/investor-relations/financial-information/annual-interim-financial-
statements/Documents/Annual%20and%20interim%20financial%20statements/Financial%20Rep
ort%2031-12-2018_EN.pdf); 
the 2019 Annual Financial Statements and the 2018 Annual Financial Statements are collectively 
referred to as the “Annual Financial Statements”. 
(e) 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” set out on pages 99 to 131 
(inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 16 March 2018 (for the avoidance of doubt, the 
applicable Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will indicate the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to such Series or Tranche and unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of all Covered Bonds issued after the date hereof shall be 
those set out in full in this Base Prospectus) (available at: https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-
group/investor-relations/dept-investors/Documents/CB%202%20-%20%282018%29%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf).  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement to this Base Prospectus may be prepared 
by the Issuer and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained free of charge 
from the registered office of the Issuer at 86 Eolou Street, 10559 Athens, the Issuer's website 
www.nbg.gr , the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’ website www.bourse.lu and from the specified offices 
of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg. Any non-incorporated parts of a 
document referred to herein, which for the avoidance of doubt are not mentioned in the cross-reference 
list below, are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
In accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation, any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT AND 
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
AS AT AND FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 AND 31 DECEMBER 
2018 
 
Information Incorporated 
 
31 December 2018 
31 December 2019 
Appendix for alternative performance measures 
 
p.64-65 
pp. 117-119 
Independent Auditor’s Report ................................
 
p.73-78 
pp. 127-132  
Statement of Financial Position .............................
 
p. 79 
p. 134 
Income Statement ...................................................
 
p. 80 
p. 135 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................
 
p. 81 
p. 136 
Statement of Changes in Equity – Group ...............
 
p. 82 
p. 137 
Statement of Changes in Equity – Bank.................
 
p. 83 
p. 138 
Cash Flow Statement..............................................
 
p. 84 
p. 139 
Notes to the Financial Statements ..........................
 
p. 85-210 
p. 140-258

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REVIEW REPORT 
AND UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NATIONAL 
BANK OF GREECE S.A. AS AT AND FOR THE SIX MONTH PERIOD ENDED 30 JUNE 2020  
 
Information Incorporated 
30 June 2020 
Highlights - Response to COVID-19 crisis 
p. 7 
Response to COVID-19 crisis 
pp. 15-20 
Appendix for alternative performance measures  
pp. 41-43 
Independent Auditor’s Review Report 
 
p. 44 
Statement of Financial Position  
p. 46 
Income Statement – 6-month period 
 
p. 47 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 6-month period  
p. 48 
Income Statement – 3-month period 
p. 49 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 3 month period 
p. 50 
Statement of Changes in Equity - Group  
p. 51 
Statement of Changes in Equity – Bank 
p. 52 
Cash Flow Statement 
 
p. 53 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
pp. 54-82

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. AS AT AND FOR THE 
NINE-MONTH PERIODS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2020  
 
Information Incorporated 
30 September 2020  
Statement of Financial Position .....................................................................................
p. 3 
Income Statement – 9 month period ..............................................................................
p. 4 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 9 month period ................................................
p. 5 
Income Statement – 3 month period ..............................................................................
p. 6 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 3 month period ................................................
p. 7 
Statement of Changes in Equity - Group .......................................................................
p. 8 
Cash Flow Statement .....................................................................................................
p. 9 
Notes to the Financial Statements  .................................................................................
pp. 10-41

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Covered Bond (as defined below) and each Definitive Covered Bond (as 
defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such Definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified, complete the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Covered Bond and 
Definitive Covered Bond. Reference should be made to "Form of the Covered Bonds" for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by National Bank of 
Greece S.A. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to the Trust Deed (as defined below).  
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a “Global Covered 
Bond”), units of the lowest denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms (“Specified 
Denomination”) in the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms (“Specified Currency”); 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond; and 
(c) 
any definitive Covered Bonds (each a “Definitive Covered Bond”) issued in exchange for a 
Global Covered Bond. 
The Covered Bonds, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) are constituted 
by a trust deed (such trust deed as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Trust Deed”) dated the Programme Closing Date and made between inter alios the Issuer, The Bank of 
New York Mellon (International) Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression includes the trustee or 
trustees for the time being of the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Covered Bondholders. 
The Covered Bonds, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit 
of an agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated the Programme Closing Date and made between inter alios 
the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as principal paying agent (the “Principal 
Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent), and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing Definitive Covered Bonds have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Talons or talons. Definitive Covered Bonds repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the 
payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Covered 
Bonds do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Final Terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond which complete these Terms and Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Covered 
Bond. References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. 
Any reference to Covered Bondholders or holders in relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, 
be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Receiptholders” shall mean the holders of the 
Receipts and any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for 
their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of 
the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Covered Bond 
is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Covered Bondholder 
holding one or more Covered Bonds and such Covered Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. The 
Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in these 
Conditions shall bear the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms and/or the master 
definitions and construction schedule made between the parties to the Transaction Documents on or about 
the Programme Closing Date as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from time to time (the 
“Master Definitions and Construction Schedule”), a copy of each of which may be obtained as 
described above. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified 
Denomination. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond, a Dual Currency Interest Covered Bond or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.   
This Covered Bond may be an Instalment Covered Bond or a Partly-Paid Covered Bond, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher 
amount as is required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds that (i) 
there is no Issuer Event outstanding and that such issuance would not cause an Issuer Event, (ii) 
such issuance would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) the Rating Agencies, 
to the extent they are rating any Covered Bonds at that time, have been notified of such issuance, 
(iv) such issuance has been notified to the Bank of Greece in accordance with paragraph II.3 of 
the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation and (v) if applicable, in respect of any Series or 
Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into.  
Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are 
not applicable. Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Receipts, only in respect of Instalment 
Covered Bonds, and references to Receipts and Receiptholders in these Conditions are only 
applicable to such Covered Bonds. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Covered Bond, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error and any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or printout of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing 
system (including, without limitation, Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream's Cedcom system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
the Covered Bonds is clearly identified with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered 
Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Covered Bonds, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global 
Covered Bond shall be treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Covered Bond and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and “holder of 
Covered Bonds” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.   
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Trustee. 
2. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
Status 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
secured by (i) the statutory pledge provided by paragraph 4 of Article 152 of the Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation (the “Statutory Pledge”) in respect of the Greek Law governed Cover Pool 
Assets and (ii) the Deed of Charge in respect of the other Cover Pool Assets. They are issued in 
accordance with Greek Covered Bond Legislation and are backed by the assets of the Cover Pool. 
They will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
3. 
Priorities of Payments 
(a) 
Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments 
Notwithstanding the Deed of Charge Security but subject to Clause 8.1 (“Application”) of the 
Deed of Charge, at any time upon or after the occurrence of any Issuer Event but prior to the 
delivery of a Notice of Default, the Servicer shall apply all Covered Bonds Available Funds 
(which funds shall include all amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account on each 
Cover Pool Payment Date) in making the following payments and provisions in the following 
order of priority (the “Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the 
extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due and payable or to become due and 
payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date to the Trustee (including remuneration 
payable to it) under the provisions of the Trust Deed together with interest and applicable 
VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof to pay any 
additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment 
Date or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Cover Pool Payment Date to fund any notice to be given to any parties in accordance with 
any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
third, to pay all amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide 
for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Covered Pool 
Payment Date to the Custodian appointed under any Custody Agreement;  
(iv) 
fourth, to pay all amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide 
for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool 
Payment Date (and for which payment has not been provided for elsewhere in the relevant 
Priorities of Payments), to any Secured Creditors other than the Covered Bondholders and 
any Custodian with the exception of any amount due to be paid, or that will become due 
and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date, to the Hedging Counterparties 
under the Hedging Agreements; 
(v) 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay all 
amounts of interest due and payable on the Pass-Through Covered Bonds and on the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all such 
amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date on 
any Covered Bonds and (b) to pay any amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior 
to the next Cover Pool Payment Date under any Hedging Agreement other than 
Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such 
Hedging Agreement;  
(vi) 
sixth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due as principal in respect of any Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds and any 
other Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to 
provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover 
Pool Payment Date (if any), on any other Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds and any 
other Series of Covered Bonds; 
(vii) 
seventh, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, any remaining Covered 
Bonds Available Funds will remain standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, or, 
as applicable, be deposited in the Transaction Account;  
(viii) 
eighth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all such 
amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date to 
any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination Payment; and 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay any excess to the Issuer.  
(b) 
Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of Payments 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default and delivery of a Notice of Default, all 
funds deriving from the Cover Pool Assets and the Transaction Documents, standing to the credit 
of the Transaction Account shall be applied on any Athens Business Day in accordance with the 
following order of priority of payments (the “Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of 
Payments” and, together with the Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments, the “Priorities of 
Payments” and, each of them a “Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent 
that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) provided that any such amount has not 
been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee is entitled pursuant to the Trust Deed and 
any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Trustee (a) following the 
occurrence of a Potential Cover Pool Event of Default in connection with or as a result of 
serving on the Issuer a Notice of Default (to the extent that any such amounts have not yet 
been paid out of the Covered Bonds Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of 
Default) and (b) following the delivery of a Notice of Default in connection with or as a 
result of the enforcement of (A) the security granted under the Statutory Pledge and the 
Deed of Charge and/or (B) any other right or remedy that the Trustee is entitled to, or is 
required to pursue, under or in connection with the Transaction Documents and the 
Covered Bonds for the purpose of protecting the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay all 
amounts of interest and principal then due and payable on any Covered Bonds, (b) to pay 
any additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable in connection with any 
listing or deposit of the Covered Bonds or to fund any notice to be given to any parties in

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
accordance with any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders, (c) to 
pay all amounts due and payable to any Secured Creditors, other than the Covered 
Bondholders and (d) any amounts due and payable under any Hedging Agreement other 
than the Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any 
such Hedging Agreements; 
(iii) 
third, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable to any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated 
Termination Payment; and 
(iv) 
fourth, following the payment in full of all items under (i) to (iii) above, to pay all excess 
amounts to the Issuer. 
4. 
Interest 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest. Interest will be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Final Maturity Date.   
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will 
amount to the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period ending on but excluding such date (“Fixed Coupon Amount”). Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to 
the broken amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Broken Amount”) so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
4.2 
Floating Rate Covered Bond and Variable Interest Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Interest on Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond and Variable Interest Covered Bond bears interest on its 
Principal Amount Outstanding (subject to Condition 4.5 (Partly-Paid Covered Bond Provisions)) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the “Specified Period” in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, the 
expression “Interest Period” shall mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds and 
Variable Interest Covered Bonds will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or that other person were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the “ISDA Definitions”), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the London inter-bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or on the Euro-zone inter-bank 
offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first day of that Interest Period or (II) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), (1) “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions and (2) “Euro-zone” means the region 
comprising the member states of the European Union (the “Member States”)that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended from time to time. 
When this subparagraph (i) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the 
Principal Paying Agent or the above-mentioned person will be deemed to have discharged 
its obligations under Condition 4.2(d) below in respect of the determination of the Rate of 
Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this subparagraph (i). If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph (i), the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined in respect of the last preceding Interest Period (though substituting,

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); 
or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in 
the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant 
to this subparagraph (ii) in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, 
in the case of (A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in 
the preceding paragraph. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Variable Interest Covered 
Bond specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Variable Interest Covered 
Bond specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, and the Calculation 
Agent, in the case of Variable Interest Covered Bonds, will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. In the case of Variable Interest Covered Bonds, the Calculation Agent 
will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as 
soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Variable Interest Covered Bonds for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Variable Interest Covered Bonds which are 
represented by a Global Covered Bond, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond (or, if they are Partly-Paid 
Covered Bonds, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Variable Interest Covered Bonds in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Variable Interest 
Covered Bond in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and 
to any stock exchange or other relevant competent authority or quotation system on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Variable Interest Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed, quoted and/or traded or by which they have been admitted to listing or trading and to be 
published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.7) thereafter and in 
the case of any notification to be given to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the first 
Business Day of each Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment or alternative arrangements will be promptly notified to the Trustee and each 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds or 
Variable Interest Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded or by which 
they have been admitted to listing or trading and to Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time after the Issue Date, the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or 
the Principal Paying Agent defaults in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in 
accordance with subparagraph 4.2(b)(i)or 4.2(b)(ii) above or as otherwise specified in the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in accordance with paragraph 4.2(d) 
above, the Trustee may determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion 
(having such regard as it may think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject 
always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the 
Trustee may calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable 
in all the circumstances. In making any such determination or calculation, the Trustee may 
appoint and rely on a determination or calculation by a calculation agent (which shall be an 
investment bank or other suitable entity of international repute). If such determination or 
calculation is made the Trustee shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer and the 
Stock Exchange of such determination or calculation and each such determination or calculation 
shall be deemed to have been made by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2, 
whether by the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee shall (in the absence 
of wilful default or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Trustee and all Covered Bondholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, gross negligence, bad 
faith or fraud) no liability to the Issuer the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement 
In addition, notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4.2 (Floating Rate Covered 
Bond and Variable Interest Covered Bond Provisions), if the Issuer determines that the relevant 
Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered when any 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer), no later than 5 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the “Relevant Interest Determination Date”), a Successor 
Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as defined below) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior 
to the Relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each 
of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark Replacement); provided, however, that if 
sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period (as applicable) shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to such 
preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provision in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to 
the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h) 
(Benchmark Replacement); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also specify changes to these 
Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Covered Bonds, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is 
unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. Covered Bondholder consent shall 
not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) or such other changes; and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Agents and the 
Covered Bondholders, which shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any consequential changes made to the 
Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark Replacement):  
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international covered bonds transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international bond markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to 
the relevant Reference Rate;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international bond markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
reference rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Hellenic Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and  
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement Modifications 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification 
and Waiver) but subject as provided in the next following paragraph, the Trustee shall be obliged, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders or any of the other Secured 
Creditors, to concur with the Issuer in making any modification to these Conditions or any other 
Transaction Document to which it is a party or in relation to which it holds security or entering 
into any new, supplemental or additional documents that the Issuer certifies to the Trustee is

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
considered by the Issuer necessary or advisable for the purpose of changing the Reference Rate to 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with Condition 4.2(h) (such 
certification being a “Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate”). 
When implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 4.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement 
Modifications), (i) the Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Covered Bondholders, any 
other Secured Creditor or any other person and shall act and rely solely and without further 
investigation, on any Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate and shall not be liable to the 
Covered Bondholders, any other Secured Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, 
irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of any such person; and (ii) the Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in 
the sole opinion of the Trustee would have the effect of (A) exposing the Trustee to any liability 
against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or 
(B) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Trustee in the 
Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions. 
4.3 
Interest on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds  
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and 
will not bear interest. When a Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date it will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6.6 (Early Redemption Amounts). In the case of late payment the amount due and 
repayable shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.10 (Late Payment). 
4.4 
Dual Currency Interest Covered Bond Provisions 
In the case of Dual Currency Interest Covered Bonds where the rate or amount of interest fails to 
be determined by reference to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest shall be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.5 
Partly-Paid Covered Bond Provisions 
In the case of Partly-Paid Covered Bonds (other than Partly-Paid Covered Bonds which are Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds), interest will accrue on the paid up nominal amount of such Covered 
Bonds or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.6 
Accrual of interest 
Interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of 
part only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption 
thereof unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment, in which event, interest will 
continue to accrue as provided in Condition 6.10 (Late Payment). 
4.7 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fractions and other adjustments 
(a) 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and Athens and any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than London and any Additional Business Centre) or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-Time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
(“TARGET2”) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open. 
(b) 
If a “Business Day Convention” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii), 
the “Floating Rate Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (1) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (II) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, and (II) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls within the Specified Period after 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA) ” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
“Accrual Period”)) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as 
defined in Condition 4.7(e)) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of 
days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of (I) the 
number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and (II) the number of days in such Accrual 
Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Euro)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
+
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
+
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
+
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Final Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30.  
(d) 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(e) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such 
date). 
(f) 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
“Interest Commencement Date” means in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the relevant Covered Bonds 
will accrue interest. 
(h) 
“Interest Payment Date” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning given in 
the applicable Final Terms and in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Variable Interest 
Covered Bonds, the meaning given in Condition 4.2, together the “Interest Payment Dates”. 
(i) 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(j) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond on any day the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received 
by the relevant Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day provided that the 
Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Covered Bond that has been purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer shall be zero. 
(k) 
If “adjusted” is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, interest in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, as such Interest 
Payment Date shall, where applicable, be adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention. 
(l) 
If “not adjusted” is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, 
interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, but such 
Interest Payment Dates shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
(m) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
euro 0.01. 
5. 
Payments 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Yen to a 
non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, 
at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively);  
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or electronic transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at 
the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. Dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained by 
the payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, as used in this 
Condition 5, means the United States of America, including the State and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction), or by 
cheque drawn on a United States bank. 
In no event will payment in respect of Covered Bonds be made by a cheque mailed to an address 
in the United States. All payments of interest in respect of Covered Bonds will be made to 
accounts located outside the United States except as may be permitted by United States tax law in 
effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
References to Specified Currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
5.2 
Presentation of Definitive Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) (other than instalments of principal prior to the final 
instalment) will (subject as provided below) be made in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Method 
of payment) only against presentation and surrender of Definitive Covered Bonds, Receipts or 
Coupons (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of the Definitive Covered 
Bond (or Coupon)), as the case may be, only at a specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments (if any) of principal other than the final instalment, will (subject as 
provided below) be made in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant 
Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made 
in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation or surrender (or, 
in the case of part of any sum due, endorsement) of the Definitive Covered Bond in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Covered Bond to which it appertains. If any Definitive 
Covered Bond is redeemed or becomes repayable prior to the stated maturity thereof, principal 
will be payable in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum, endorsement) of such Definitive 
Covered Bond together with all unmatured Receipts appertaining thereto. Receipts presented 
without the Definitive Covered Bond to which they appertain and unmatured Receipts do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. On the date on which any Definitive Covered Bond 
becomes due and payable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(which expression shall include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted from the amount due 
for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Prescription)) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10 
(Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due but in no event thereafter. 
Upon amounts in respect of any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due 
and repayable by the Issuer prior to its Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date), 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Covered Bond or Variable Interest 
Covered Bond in definitive bearer form, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Covered 
Bond” is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond (other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had 
a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity Covered Bond on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered Bond. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable 
only against presentation and surrender of the relevant Definitive Covered Bond. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any Global 
Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to Definitive Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global 
Covered Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Covered 
Bond if the Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in new global covered bond 
(“NGCB”)  form at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. On the 
occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Global Covered Bond which is not issued in 
NGCB form, a record of such payment made on such Global Covered Bond, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Covered Bond by the Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made and (ii) in the case of any Global Covered Bond which is 
issued in NGCB form, the Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
No payments of principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of a Global Covered Bond will 
be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained in the 
United States. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The bearer of a Global Covered Bond or the Trustee shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and the 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Covered Bond (or the Trustee, as the case may be) in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered 
Bond must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share 
of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered 
Bond (or the Trustee, as the case may be). No person other than the holder of the relevant Global 
Covered Bond (or, as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall have any claim against the 
Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Covered Bonds in U.S. Dollars will only be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and/or interest on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day (as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the 
relevant amount due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest 
or other sum in respect of any such delay. In this Condition (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10 
(Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
London;  
(C) 
Athens; and  
(D) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
than the place of presentation, Athens, London and any Additional Financial Centre) or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount (as defined in the Final Terms) (the “Final Redemption 
Amount”) of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds but excluding any amount of 
interest referred to therein; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6.6(iii));  
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds; and 
(vii) 
in relation to any Dual Currency Interest Covered Bonds, the principal payable in any 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
5.7 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, 
on giving prior written notice to the Trustee and the Agents, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the 
notice, the Covered Bonds shall be redenominated in euro. In relation to any Covered Bonds 
where the applicable Final Terms provides for a minimum Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least € 100,000 and which are admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area, it shall be a term of any such redenomination 
that the holder of any Covered Bonds held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
must have credited to its securities account with the relevant clearing system a minimum balance 
of Covered Bonds of at least € 100,000. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds and any Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Covered Bond and Receipt

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
equal to the nominal amount of that Covered Bond or Receipt in the Specified Currency, 
converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, in 
consultation with the Agents that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to 
comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Covered 
Bondholders, the competent listing authority, stock exchange and/or market (if any) on or 
by which the Covered Bonds may be listed and/or admitted to trading and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds presented (or, 
as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the 
relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest 
euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if Definitive Covered Bonds are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 100,000 and/or 
such higher amounts as the Agents may determine and notify to the Covered Bondholders 
and any remaining amounts less than euro 100,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and 
paid to the Covered Bondholders in euro in accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation); 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Covered Bonds) will become void 
with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the “Exchange Notice”) that 
replacement euro-denominated Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons are available for 
exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in 
respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Covered Bonds, Receipts and 
Coupons so issued will also become void on that date although those Covered Bonds, 
Receipts and Coupons will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. 
New euro-denominated Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange 
for Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such 
manner as the Agents may specify and as shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in 
the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any 
date for payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, the 
Receipts and the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods 
commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though 
references in the Covered Bonds to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will 
be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and interest for any period ending on 
or after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other 
than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(vii) 
(if the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Variable Interest Covered 
Bonds, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the provisions 
relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to this Condition (and the Transaction Documents) as 
the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Agents and as may be specified in the 
notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
5.8 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has, in relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the Series of the Covered Bonds (other 
than any Series which is fully collateralised by amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account) that has or have the earliest Final Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (ignoring any acceleration of amounts due under the Covered Bonds prior to service of a 
Notice of Default). 
“Early Redemption Amount” means the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.6 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion (if any) of the relevant Specified Currency 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to 
Article 123 of the Treaty. 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution of the Covered Bondholders passed as such 
under the terms of the Trust Deed. 
“Instalment Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds which will be redeemed in the Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” means in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Variable 
Interest Covered Bonds, the percentage rate per annum (if any) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Notice of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9 (Cover Pool Events of Defaults 
and Enforcement). 
“Optional Redemption Amount(s)” has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Potential Cover Pool Event of Default” means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse 
of time and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any 
similar condition, would constitute a Cover Pool Event of Default.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Variable Interest Covered Bonds, as 
determined in, or as determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
“Redenomination Date” means (in the case of interest bearing Covered Bonds) any date for 
payment of interest under the Covered Bonds or (in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) any 
date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Covered Bondholders pursuant 
to Condition 5.7 (Redenomination) above and which falls on or after the date on which the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union. 
“Reference Price” has, in respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(ii). 
“Secured Creditors” means the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders, the Couponholders, 
the Trustee, any Receiver, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Servicer, the 
Hedging Counterparties and any other creditor of the Issuer having the benefit of the Charged 
Property pursuant to any Transaction Document entered into in the course of the Programme 
having recourse to the Cover Pool (provided that where NBG performs any of the above roles, 
NBG will not be a Secured Creditor). 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1 
(a) 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each 
Covered Bond will be redeemed on the Final Maturity Date by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency. The Final Redemption Amount will not 
be less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
(i) 
Without prejudice to Conditions 8 and 9, if the Issuer has failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable 
Final Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) 
payment of any unpaid Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be deferred 
automatically until the Extended Final Maturity Date and the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds shall become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, provided that any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on 
such Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds after the Final Maturity Date shall be 
paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event and breach of the Amortisation Test 
all Series of Covered Bonds shall automatically become Pass-Through Covered 
Bonds and the Issuer shall redeem all Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds pro

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
rata and pari passu on each Interest Payment Date, in accordance with and 
subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies, any relevant Hedging 
Counterparty, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least four Athens Business Days prior to the Final 
Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date. Any 
failure by the Issuer to notify such parties shall not affect the validity of 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iv) 
Failure to pay by the Issuer of the Final Redemption Amount on any Series of 
Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date shall not constitute a Cover Pool Event 
of Default for the purposes of Condition 9.1(a) (but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
such failure to pay shall be deemed to be a payment default and, accordingly, 
constitute an Issuer Event). 
6.2 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if the relevant Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Variable Interest 
Covered Bond) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the relevant Covered Bond is a Floating Rate 
Covered Bond or a Variable Interest Covered Bond), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that on the occasion of the next date for payment of interest on 
the relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer is or would be required to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation). Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2 (Redemption for taxation reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If an issuer call is specified in the applicable Final Terms (“Issuer Call”), the Issuer may (to the 
extent funds are available for such purpose), having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders and the 
Trustee in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) below with a copy of such notice to be 
provided to the Trustee; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent; 
which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Optional 
Redemption Date”), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the “Optional Redemption Amount(s)” specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case 
of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed (the “Redeemed 
Covered Bonds”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, in each case, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive 
Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) not less than 15 days (or such shorter period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate 
nominal amount of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds or 
represented by Global Covered Bonds shall, in each case, bear the same proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate nominal amount of 
Definitive Covered Bonds or Global Covered Bonds outstanding bears, in each case, to the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding on the Selection Date, provided that 
such nominal amounts shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple 
of the Specified Denomination. No exchange of the relevant Global Covered Bond will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) at least five days 
(or such shorter period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Selection Date. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders  
(i) 
If an investor put is specified in the Final Terms (the “Investor Put”), then if and to the 
extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of this Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' (or such other notice period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice (which notice shall be irrevocable), the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, together, if applicable, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
(ii) 
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Covered Bond, the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver such Covered Bond, on 
any Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.7) falling within the above-mentioned notice 
period at the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise of the Investor Put in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 6.4.  
(iii) 
Any Put Notice given by a Covered Bondholder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this 
Condition shall be irrevocable. 
It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances 
will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
6.5 
Repurchase by the Issuer at the option of the Covered Bondholders  
(i) 
If an investor repurchase put is specified in the Final Terms (the “Investor Repurchase 
Put”), then if and to the extent that the Issuer does not redeem any Series of Covered

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date in relation to that Series (taking into account any 
applicable grace periods), upon the holder of any Covered Bond of that Series giving 
notice to the Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, be required to purchase such 
Covered Bond on the date specified in such notice (the “Repurchase Date”) and at the 
Principal Amount Outstanding together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Repurchase Date. 
(ii) 
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Covered Bond, the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver such Covered Bond, on 
any Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.7) falling within the above-mentioned notice 
period at the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise of the Investor Repurchase Put in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6.4. 
Any failure by the Issuer to repurchase Covered Bonds pursuant to this Condition shall not 
constitute an Issuer Event or a Cover Pool Event of Default. 
6.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.1 (Final redemption), Condition 6.1(a) (Redemption from Sale 
Proceeds), Condition 6.2 (Redemption for taxation reasons) and Condition 9 (Cover Pool Events 
of Defaults and Enforcement), each Covered Bond will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, 
at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Covered Bond other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond (but including an 
Instalment Covered Bond or a Partly-Paid Covered Bond), with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a 
Specified Currency other than that in which the Covered Bond is denominated, at the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
Principal Amount Outstanding, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at an amount (the “Amortised Face 
Amount”) equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation in paragraph (ii) above is to be made for a period which is not a whole 
number of years, it shall be made (A) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in a 
Specified Currency other than euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each, or (B) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in euro, on the basis of the

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (x) the number of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number 
of those days falling in a non leap year divided by 365) or (C) on such other calculation basis as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.7 
Instalments 
Unless previously redemeed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, if 
redemption by instalment is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of 
Covered Bonds, each Instalment Covered Bonds will be partially redeemed on each date specified 
in the Final Terms (the “Instalment Date”) at the instalment amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Instalment Amount”). The outstanding nominal amount of each Instalment 
Covered Bond shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is 
calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Instalment Covered Bond, 
such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the relevant Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall 
remain outstanding until the date on which payment in full of the Instalment Amount outstanding 
is made. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined 
pursuant to Condition 6.6 (Early Redemption Amounts).  
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered 
Bonds (provided that, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) at any price in the 
open market either by tender or private agreement or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders must be available to all Covered Bondholders alike. Such Covered Bonds may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any 
Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Purchases) 
and cancelled (together with, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
Late Payment 
If any amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused upon its 
becoming due and repayable or is paid after its due date, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Covered Bond (the “Late Payment”) shall itself accrue interest (both before and after any 
judgment or other order of a court of competent jurisdiction) from (and including) the date on 
which such payment was improperly withheld or refused or, as the case may be, became due, to 
(but excluding) the Late Payment Date in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond or a Variable 
Interest Covered Bond (but including an Instalment Covered Bond or a Partly-Paid 
Covered Bond) at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Rate Covered Bonds) or 4.2 (Floating Rate Covered Bond and Variable Interest Covered 
Bond Provisions), as the case may be; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at a rate equal to the Accrual Yield; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Variable Interest Covered Bond, at a rate calculated by the Calculation 
Agent so as to compensate reasonably the holder of the Covered Bond for the cost of 
funding the delay in receiving the Late Payment, 
in each case on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, on a 30/360 basis. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.10, the Late Payment Date shall mean the earlier of: 
(iv) 
the date which the Principal Paying Agent determines to be the date on which, upon 
further presentation of the relevant Covered Bond, payment of the full amount (including 
interest as aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered Bond is to be 
made; and 
(v) 
the seventh day after notice is given to the relevant Covered Bondholder (whether 
individually or in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) that the full amount (including 
interest as aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered Bond is available 
for payment, 
provided that in the case of both (i) and (ii), upon further presentation thereof being duly made, 
such payment is made. 
6.11 
Partly-Paid Covered Bonds 
Partly-Paid Covered Bonds will be redeemed at maturity in accordance with the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be 
determined pursuant to Condition 6.6 (Early Redemption Amounts). 
6.12 
Portfolio Manager 
If within one calendar month of the First Refinance Date or, if applicable, within one calendar 
month of the further Refinance Date (if applicable), the Servicer has not completed the 
appointment of a Portfolio Manager in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed and provided that no Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of another 
Series of Covered Bonds where that appointment is continuing, then following notice from the 
Servicer (pursuant to Clause 6.4(d) of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) that no 
Portfolio Manager has been appointed (the “Servicer’s Notice”), Covered Bondholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate Principal Amount outstanding of all Series of Covered 
Bonds may within 10 Athens Business Days of receipt of a Servicer’s Notice, nominate a 
Portfolio Manager in writing (such nomination to contain evidence to the reasonable satisfaction 
of the Trustee to verify the relevant Covered Bondholder’s holdings (which could include a 
screenshot of the Covered Bondholder’s holdings) to the Trustee and Servicer for appointment by 
the Servicer. The Trustee shall notify the Covered Bondholders of each nomination it receives 
within five Athens Business Days of receipt. Following receipt of that notice and provided that no 
Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds, 
Covered Bondholders holding more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount 
outstanding of a Series of Covered Bonds may jointly within three Athens Business Days of 
receipt of a notice of a Portfolio Manager nomination from the Trustee object to that nomination

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
provided that the objection is made in writing to the Trustee and Servicer and includes a 
nomination of an alternative Portfolio Manager to the Trustee and Servicer for appointment by the 
Servicer. The Trustee shall notify the Covered Bondholders of each alternative nomination it 
receives within five Athens Business Days of receipt. Provided that no Portfolio Manager has 
already been appointed in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds (and provided that 
appointment is continuing) the Servicer shall appoint the Portfolio Manager nominated in the 
most recent Portfolio Manager nomination received from Covered Bondholders holding not less 
than one-tenth of the aggregate Principal Amount outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds and 
to which no objection has been received in accordance with this Condition 6.11 or, should any 
such objection be received, the Portfolio Manager nominated from more than 50 per cent. of the 
aggregate Principal Amount outstanding of a Series of Covered Bonds. For the purposes of this 
Condition, if Covered Bonds of any Series are held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries as beneficial owner, then those Covered Bonds shall be deemed not to remain 
outstanding for the purposes of voting under this Condition, except if the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries hold all outstanding Covered Bonds under the Programme. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Trustee shall not be obliged to appoint a Portfolio Manager should the Servicer fail to 
do so (and shall have no liability for such failure) and shall not be responsible for determining the 
identity of the Portfolio Manager to be appointed by the Servicer following a nomination or 
determining or approving the terms of appointment of a Portfolio Manager. 
7. 
Taxation  
(a) 
All payments (if any) of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Receipts and 
the Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Hellenic Republic or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. Neither the Issuer, nor any other entity shall be 
obliged to pay any additional amount to any Covered Bondholder on account of such withholding 
or deduction. 
(b) 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Hellenic 
Republic, references in the Conditions to the Hellenic Republic shall be construed as references to 
the Hellenic Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
8. 
Issuer Events 
Prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default, if any of the 
following events (each, an “Issuer Event”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event (as defined below); 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay any principal or interest in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds 
within a period of seven Athens Business Days from the due date thereof; 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds on the Final Maturity Date (notwithstanding that the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds has an Extended Final Maturity Date); 
(iv) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on it (other than any obligation for the payment of amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons of any Series) under the Trust Deed, 
the Deed of Charge or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
which, in the opinion of the Trustee would have a materially prejudicial effect on the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and (except where such default is or 
the effects of such default are, in the opinion of the Trustee, not capable of remedy when 
no such continuation and notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such default 
continues for 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after written 
notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer requiring the default to be remedied; 
(v) 
any present or future Indebtedness in respect of moneys borrowed or raised in an amount 
of €10,000,000 or more (other than Indebtedness under this Programme) of the Issuer 
becomes due and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof as extended by any grace 
period originally applicable thereto; or if any present or future guarantee of, or indemnity 
given by the Issuer in respect of such Indebtedness is not honoured when called upon or 
within any grace period originally applicable thereto; or 
(vi) 
if there is a breach of a Statutory Test on an Applicable Calculation Date and such breach 
is not remedied within two Athens Business Days, 
then (i) no further Covered Bonds will be issued, (ii) the Servicer will procure that any and all 
payments due under the Cover Pool Assets effected on the Collection Account are transferred 
henceforth directly to the Transaction Account pursuant to the provisions of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, (iii) all collections of principal and interest on the Cover Pool Assets will be 
dedicated exclusively to the payment of interest and repayment of principal on the Covered Bonds 
and to the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis the Secured Creditors in accordance 
with the Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments and (iv) if NBG is the Servicer, its appointment as 
Servicer will be terminated and a new servicer will be appointed pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. For the 
avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to repurchase Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 
6.5 (Investor Repurchase Put) shall not constitute an Issuer Event or a Cover Pool Event of 
Default.  
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means, in respect of NBG: 
(i) 
NBG stops payment of part or all of its debts; 
(ii) 
NBG having resolved to enter into voluntary liquidation, other than in respect of 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the Trustee; 
(iii) 
NBG admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts; 
(iv) 
NBG is forced to enter into liquidation pursuant to Greek Law, other than in respect of 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the Trustee; 
(v) 
a creditors' collective enforcement procedure is commenced against NBG (including such 
procedure under the Greek Banking Legislation of the Hellenic Republic) and is not 
discharged or temporarily revoked (for so long as such temporary revocation remains in 
effect or otherwise becomes permanent) within 30 days; 
(vi) 
the appointment of any administrator, liquidator or administrative or other receiver of 
NBG or all or a substantial part of its property or assets; and 
(vii) 
any action or step is taken which has a similar effect to the foregoing.  
9. 
Cover Pool Events of Default and Enforcement

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
9.1 
Cover Pool Events of Default 
If, following an Issuer Event, any of the following events occurs, and is continuing: 
(a) 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any Series of Pass-Through Covered 
Bonds there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on such Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds on such date and such default is not remedied within a period of seven 
Athens Business Days from the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount of interest due on 
any Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds and any other Series of Covered Bonds 
occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of 14 Athens Business Days from 
the due date thereof, 
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice from the Principal Paying Agent or, in respect of (c) 
the Servicer, of such Cover Pool Event of Default, serve a notice (a “Notice of Default”) on the 
Issuer. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds of all Series shall become 
immediately due and payable. 
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to repurchase Covered Bonds pursuant to this 
Condition 6.5 (Investor Repurchase Put) shall not constitute an Issuer Event or a Cover Pool 
Event of Default.  
9.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings 
against the Issuer and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Deed 
of Charge, the Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Document in accordance 
with its terms and the pledge created under the Greek Covered Bond Legislation and may, at any 
time after the Security has become enforceable, take such proceedings or steps as it may think fit 
to enforce the Security, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless (i) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all the Covered Bondholders of all 
Series (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and (if applicable) 
converted into Euro at either the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate (if applicable) or the 
Established Rate) or a request in writing by the holders of not less than 25.0% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding (with the 
Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and (if applicable) converted into 
Euro at either the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate (if applicable) or the Established Rate), and 
(ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.   
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions under this Condition 9.2 the 
Trustee shall only have regard to the general interests of the Covered Bondholders of all Series 
taken together and shall not have regard to the interests of any other Secured Creditors. 
No Covered Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer or to take any action with respect to the Trust Deed, any other Transaction 
Document, the Covered Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons, or the Security unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and such failure 
shall be continuing. 
10. 
Prescription

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in 
the case of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for paying in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or Condition 5 
(Payments). 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which payment in respect of the Covered 
Bond, Receipt or Coupon first becomes due and payable but, if the full amount of the moneys 
payable on such date has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such date, 
the Relevant Date shall be the date on which such moneys shall have been so received and notice 
to that effect has been given to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
11. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Covered Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Covered Bonds 
are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by such stock 
exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Covered Bonds, Receipts, Talons or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it appertains) a 
further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription). Each Talon shall, for the 
purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
final Coupon comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet matures. 
13. 
Trustee and Agents 
(a) 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders. 
(b) 
The initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set forth in the Base Prospectus and in the 
Master Definitions and Construction Schedule. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent 
and additional or successor paying agents provided, however, that: 
(i) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the 
Principal Paying Agent), in the case of Covered Bonds, with a specified office in such

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer (or following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall at all times maintain a Calculation 
Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange which requires 
the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer (or following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall maintain an Agent having its specified 
office in the place required by such stock exchange. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their specified offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
Under the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction and relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances and to be paid 
its remuneration, costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the 
other Secured Creditors. 
14. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Covered Bondholders of each Series to consider matters relating to the Covered Bonds, including 
the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer 
upon the request in writing signed by Covered Bondholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. The quorum 
at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or 
representing Covered Bondholders of such Series whatever the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series held or represented; provided, however, that certain Series Reserved 
Matters, described in the Trust Deed, may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series at which two or more persons 
holding or representing one more than half or, at any adjourned meeting, one- quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds of the relevant Series form a 
quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all 
the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders of the relevant Series, whether present or not. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Extraordinary 
Resolution to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action pursuant to Condition 9.2 
(Enforcement) (each a “Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a 
single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. Any such 
meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee or by 
Covered Bondholders holding at least 25.0% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing a 
Programme Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing at least a clear majority of 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
Covered Bonds whatever the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of all Series then 
outstanding. A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Series shall be binding on all Covered Bondholders of all Series, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all related Receiptholders and Couponholders in respect of such Covered 
Bonds. 
The right of the Issuer to (i) attend and vote at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bond of any 
Series or (ii) sign a resolution in writing according to paragraph 19 of Schedule 3 (Provisions for 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders) shall be excluded in accordance with the definition of 
“outstanding” in the Master Definitions and Construction Schedule. 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where 
such Covered Bonds are not denominated in Euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of 
any Series not denominated in Euro shall be deemed, for the purposes of such meeting, to be an 
amount in Euro equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered Bonds converted to 
Euro using the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Covered Bondholders of not less than 
three-fourths in aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of that Series of Covered 
Bondholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Rating Agency Confirmation and Notification: Any such modification referred to in paragraph (a) 
above may only be effected provided that each of the Rating Agencies then rating any Covered 
Bonds has been notified. 
(c) 
Modification: The Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, Receiptholder, Coupoholders of any Series or any of the other Secured Creditors 
(other than the Swap Providers in respect of modification to the Post-Issuer Event Priority of 
Payments, the Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of Payments, these Conditions, the 
Individual Eligibility Criteria or any provision of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) at 
any time and from time to time concur with the Issuer and any other party, to: 
(i) 
any modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series (including these 
Conditions), the related Receipts and/or Coupons or any Transaction Document provided 
that in the sole opinion of the Trustee such modification is not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of such Series, or 
(ii) 
any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Covered Bonds of any one or 
more Series (including these Conditions), the related Receipts and/or Coupons or any 
Transaction Document which is in the sole opinion of the Trustee of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is to correct a manifest error, 
and Moody's (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has confirmed to the Issuer 
that such amendment, modification or variation will not adversely affect the then current ratings 
of the Covered Bonds (and in the case of any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any 
Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency has been notified of such modification). 
“Series Reserved Matter” means, in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series:  
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or,

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in 
respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds other than in 
accordance with the terms thereof;  
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds, Receipts and 
Coupons are to be made other than in accordance with Condition 5.7; 
(iii) 
alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;  
(iv) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Covered 
Bonds for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the cancellation of the Covered 
Bonds in consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed 
or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in 
consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, covered bonds, debentures, debenture stock 
and/or other obligations; 
(v) 
alteration of this provision or the provision to paragraph 6 of Schedule 3 (Provisions for 
meetings of Covered Bondholders) of the Trust Deed; and 
(vi) 
alteration of the definition of Series Reserved Matter. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any amendments to 
the interest calculation provisions and provisions related thereto of the Covered Bonds in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark Replacement), without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders or any other Secured 
Creditor. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders, create and issue further Covered Bonds having the same 
terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest thereon, issue date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the 
Covered Bonds provided that (i) no Issuer Event has occurred or is continuing and that such 
issuance would not cause an Issuer Event, (ii) such issuance would not result in a breach of any of 
the Statutory Tests, (iii) the Rating Agencies (to the extent they are rating any Covered Bonds at 
that time) have been notified of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been notified to the Bank of 
Greece in accordance with paragraph II.3 of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, and (v) if 
applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
16. 
Notices  
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds will be valid if published in one leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London or any other daily newspaper in 
London approved by the Trustee and, (for so long as any Covered Bonds are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange www.bourse.lu. It is 
expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and (in relation to 
Covered Bonds listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) in the Luxemburger 
Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer or, in the case of a notice given by the Trustee, 
the Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Covered

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Bonds are for the time being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first 
date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers or where published 
in such newspapers on different dates, the last date of such first publication). If publication as 
provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed 
to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the Covered Bondholders. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relevant Covered 
Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst the Covered Bonds are 
represented by Global Covered Bonds any notice shall be deemed to have been duly given to the 
relevant Covered Bondholder if sent to the Clearing Systems for communication by them to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds and shall be deemed to be given on the date on which it was so sent 
and (so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on, and listed on the official 
list of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), any notice shall also be published in accordance with 
the relevant listing rules (which includes publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, www.bourse.lu). 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
If so requested by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, without the consent of any Covered Bondholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in place of the Issuer of 
any other body incorporated in any country in the world as the debtor in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, any Coupons and the Trust Deed (the “New Company”) upon notice by the Issuer and the 
New Company to be given in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New Company have entered into such documents (the “Documents”) 
as are necessary to give effect to the substitution and in which the New Company has 
undertaken in favour of each Covered Bondholder to be bound by these Conditions and 
the provisions of the Trust Deed as the debtor in respect of the Covered Bonds in place of 
the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 17 (Substitution of the 
Issuer)); 
(iii) 
if the New Company is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the “New Residence”) 
other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax purposes 
(the “Former Residence”), the Documents contain an undertaking and/or such other 
provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Covered Bondholder has the benefit of 
an undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of this Condition 17 (Substitution 
of the Issuer), with the substitution of references to the Former Residence with references 
to the New Residence; 
(iv) 
the New Company and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals and 
consents for such substitution and for the performance by the New Company of its 
obligations under the Documents; 
(v) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Trustee (with a copy of such legal opinions 
also to be provided to each Rating Agency then rating any Covered Bonds) from lawyers 
of recognised standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the New Company, in

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
England and in Greece as to matters of law relating to the fulfilment of the requirements 
of this Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer) and that the Covered Bonds and any 
Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the New 
Company; 
(vi) 
if Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme have been assigned a credit 
rating by a Rating Agency, each Rating Agency has been notified of the proposed 
substitution and with respect to each Rating Agency either: (A) the relevant Rating 
Agency has confirmed, within 30 days of receiving such notice, that the then current 
rating of the then outstanding Covered Bonds would not be downgraded as a result of 
such substitution or (B) the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that, 30 days after receipt of 
such notice by the Rating Agency, the relevant Rating Agency has not indicated that such 
substitution would result in a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current 
ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by such Rating Agency or such Rating Agency 
placing any Covered Bonds on ratings watch negative (or equivalent); 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the New Company, the Covered Bonds will 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; and 
(viii) 
if applicable, the New Company has appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds and any Coupons. 
(b) 
Upon such substitution the New Company shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may 
exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, any Coupons and the 
Trust Deed with the same effect as if the New Company has been named as the Issuer herein, and 
the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Covered Bonds, any Receipts, Coupons 
and/or Talons and under the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) the New Company may, without the consent of 
any Covered Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder, effect a further substitution. All the 
provisions specified in Conditions 17(a) and 17(b) shall apply mutatis-mutandis, and references in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further New Company. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) any New Company may, without the 
consent of any Covered Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder, reverse the substitution, 
mutatis-mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of the 
Documents will be available free of charge during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
18. 
Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to become, a 
Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and 
Couponholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Covered Bondholders and the 
Paying Agents, designate a date (the “Redenomination Date”), being an Interest Payment Date 
under the Covered Bonds falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a 
Participating Member State to redenominate all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds of any 
series.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Covered Bonds and all matters arising from or connected with the Covered Bonds are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that the security under 
the Statutory Pledge referred to in Condition 2 (Status of the Covered Bonds) above, shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with Greek Law. 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”), arising from 
or connected with the Covered Bonds. 
20. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without receipts, interest coupons and/or 
talons attached. Covered Bonds will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be in bearer form initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
covered bond without receipts and interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Covered Bond”) 
which will: 
(a) 
if the Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) are issued in new global covered bond (“NGCB”) 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Covered Bonds are not issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Covered Bonds will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
If the Covered Bonds are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGCB (New Global 
Covered Bond) form, they may be intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy. 
Delivering the Covered Bonds to the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Whilst any Covered Bond is 
represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Covered Bond if the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond is not issued in NGCB form) only outside the United States and its possessions and to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in such Covered Bond are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered Bond is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein either for (a) interests in a permanent global covered bond without receipts and 
interest coupons attached (a “Permanent Global Covered Bond” and, together with the Temporary Global 
Covered Bonds, the “Global Covered Bonds” and each a “Global Covered Bond”) of the same Series or 
(b) for Definitive Covered Bonds of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and 
talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Covered 
Bonds, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. 
Purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Definitive Covered 
Bonds or interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond. The holder of a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond or for Definitive Covered Bonds is improperly withheld or 
refused.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
made outside the United States and its possession and through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Covered Bond (if the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond is not issued in NGCB form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds with, where applicable, receipts, 
interest coupons and talons attached upon either (a) provided the Covered Bonds have a minimum 
Specified Denomination, or integral multiples thereof, not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Covered Bond) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Global Covered Bond (and any interests therein) exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders of each Series of Global Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Covered Bond) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (b) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Global Covered Bonds, Definitive Covered Bonds and any Coupons, Talons or Receipts attached thereto 
will be issued pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The following legend will appear on all Covered Bonds that have an original maturity of more than one 
year and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Covered Bonds: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons (as defined for U.S. federal tax purposes), with 
certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Covered Bonds, receipts or interest coupons 
and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale or other disposition in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, receipts, talons or interest coupons. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, CINS number which 
are different from the common code, ISIN and CINS number assigned to Covered Bonds of any other

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the Exchange Date applicable to the Covered Bonds of such 
further Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system 
and/or additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee.  
No Covered Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period 
and the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[Date] 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
Issue of (Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche) (Title of Covered Bonds) 
Under the €15 billion 
Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] March 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
(date)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) as amended from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2 
(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement to the Base Prospectus] are available free of charge to the public at the registered office of 
the Issuer and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)]. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 March 2018 which are being 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [●] March 2021 [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated (date)]. This document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8.2 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
from time to time, the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] March 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated (date)], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, [save in respect of 
the Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 16 March 2018]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the Group and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 16 March 2018 and [●] March 2021 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated (date)]. Copies of such Base Prospectuses are available 
free of charge to the public at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of each of

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
the Paying Agents.] The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] are published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
(Provide 
issued 
amount/ISIN/maturity issue/issue date of earlier 
Tranches) on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond for interests in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, as referred to in 
paragraph [•] below, which is expected to occur on or 
about (date)] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
[⚫] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[⚫] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from (insert date) (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
 
[(N.B. 
Where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: €100,000 and 
integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000]. No Covered Bonds in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].)] 
 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Covered Bonds is (i) NOT 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within a 
European Economic Area and/or UK exchange; and 
(ii) only offered in the European Economic Area 
and/or UK in circumstances where a prospectus is 
not required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the [€100,000] minimum denomination 
is not required.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Covered Bonds, for example 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
7. 
(i) 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating Rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
 
(ii) 
Extended Final Maturity Date 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to (specify month 
and year, in each case falling one year after the 
Final Maturity Date)] 
 
 
(N.B. Zero Coupon Covered Bonds are not to be 
issued with an Extended Final Maturity Date unless 
otherwise agreed with the Dealers and the Trustee) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫]% Fixed Rate]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR] [⚫]% 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
(Specify details of any provision for convertibility of 
Covered Bonds into another Interest Basis or cross 
refer to paragraphs 21 and 22 below to identify 
details) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained:] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Covered Bonds) 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
14. 
If syndicated, names of managers: 
[Not applicable/give names] 
15. 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[       ] 
16. 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable/give names] 
17. 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer. 
[Not applicable/give name] 
18. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
19. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified)  
20. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
21. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫] in each year up to and including the Final 
Maturity Date, or the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
if applicable]/[(specify other)] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
(iv) 
Business Day(s) 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s) 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form) 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Broken 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form) 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)][Actual/Actual 
-
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/365 (Euro)][Actual/360][30/360 - 
360/360 - Bond Basis][30E/360 - Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]][adjusted/not 
adjusted] 
(N.B. If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for 
example, 
if 
Broken 
Amounts 
are 
specified) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) may not be a suitable Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
(ix) 
Determination Date 
[⚫] in each year 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) (This will need to be amended in 
the case of regular interest payment dates which are 
not of equal durations) 
22. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Day(s) 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination / 
[(specify other)]] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[⚫] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] (Either LIBOR, EURIBOR or other. If other, 
provide 
additional 
information, 
including 
amendment to fallback provisions in the Agency 
Agreement) 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] (Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR), first day of each Interest 
Period if Sterling LIBOR and the second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or Euro LIBOR) 
 
 
(N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up 
to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, if 
applicable) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 
01 ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate 
or amend the fallback provisions appropriately)

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
Relevant Time: 
[(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time)] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual -
Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/365 (Euro)][Actual/360][30/360 - 
360/360 - Bond Basis][30E/360 - Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]][adjusted/not adjusted] 
(N.B. If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for 
example, if Broken Amounts are specified) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) may not be a suitable Day 
Count Fraction)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payments: 
[Conditions 6.6 (Early Redemption Amounts) and 
6.10 (Late Payment) apply]/[[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)][Actual/Actual -Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 (Fixed)][Actual/365 
(Euro)][Actual/360][30/360 - 360/360 - Bond 
Basis][30E/360 - Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]][adjusted/not adjusted] (N.B. If interest is 
not payable on a regular basis (for example, if 
Broken Amounts are specified) Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) may not be a suitable Day Count Fraction) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
24. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bond: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
(If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
(vi) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions) 
[⚫] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee) 
25. 
(i) 
Investor Put 
(ii) 
Investor Repurchase Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bond: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee) 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount equal to at least 100% of the nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds) 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption 
and/or the method of calculating the same 
(if required): 
[⚫] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
28. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds [on 
60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].”) 
29. 
New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes/No] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Covered Bonds 
(and dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. (If yes, give details)] 
31. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition [⚫] 
([•])] apply] 
32. 
Details relating to Instalment Covered 
Bonds for which principal is repayable in 
instalments: 
[Not Applicable/The Instalment Covered Bonds shall 
be redeemed on each instalment date set out below in 
the instalments amounts set out below]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
 
[Instalment Date  
[●] 
[●] 
Maturity Date 
Instalment Amount 
[●] 
[●] 
[All 
outstanding 
instalments 
not 
previously redeemed]]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the [Bourse de Luxembourg,] and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] (Specify relevant regulated market and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list) with effect from [⚫].]   
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
the [regulated market of the Bourse de Luxembourg and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] (Specify relevant regulated market and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list) with effect from [         ]] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(NB: Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Covered Bonds are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading:  
[⚫] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated:  
 
 
[Moody's: [⚫][Insert brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating if this has been previously published by Moody’s]] 
 
 
[[S&P: [⚫][Insert brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating if this has been previously published by S&P]]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
 
[[Other]: [⚫][Insert brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating if this has been previously published by [Other]]] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3.          INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4.      REASONS FOR THE OFFER - TOTAL EXPENSES AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[The net proceeds from the issue of the Covered Bonds will 
be used to [meet part of the Group’s general financing 
requirements][finance 
or 
refinance 
[Green 
Eligible 
Projects][and/or][Social Eligible Projects] (as defined in 
“Use of Proceeds” within the “General Information” section 
of the Base Prospectus)].] /Give details] 
[Provide details of Green Eligible Projects and/or Social 
Eligible Projects, as applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only)

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES: (Floating Rate Covered Bonds only). 
 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[●] [Not 
Applicable]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
(insert here any other relevant 
codes such as CINS codes): 
[⚫] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s) and addresses: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[⚫]/[Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acting 
through its office at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL] 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[⚫]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Covered Bonds are 
capable of meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
8. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
Article 
29(2) 
statement 
on 
benchmarks 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds are 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[insert 
name[s] of benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). [repeat as 
necessary]] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER  
The Greek Covered Bond Legislation contains provisions relating to the protection of the Covered 
Bondholders and other Secured Creditors upon the insolvency of the Issuer. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that the Cover Pool 
will at all times remain segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer until payment of any amounts 
due to the Covered Bondholders has been made in full. Upon registration of the Registration Statements 
with the public registry, the issue of the Covered Bonds, the creation of the Statutory Pledge and the 
security in rem governed by foreign law (including pursuant to the Deed of Charge), the payments to 
Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors and the entry into any agreement relating to the issue of 
Covered Bonds will not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer. All collections from the Cover Pool Assets shall be applied solely towards payment of amounts 
due to the Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors. 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, both before and after the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Cover Pool may be autonomously managed until full payment of 
the amounts due to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors has been made. To ensure 
continuation of the servicing in the event of insolvency of the Issuer acting as the Servicer the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation provides that the Transaction Documents may provide for the substitution of 
the Servicer upon the insolvency of the Issuer. 
In the event that no Replacement Servicer is appointed pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and in the 
event of the Issuer’s insolvency under Greek Law 4261/2014, (which implemented CRD IV in Greece), 
including the appointment of an administrator (Epitropos) in accordance with article 137, or the placing 
into liquidation in accordance with article 145 of Greek Law 4261/2014, the Bank of Greece may appoint 
a servicer, if the trustee fails to do so. Such person may either be (a) an administrator or a liquidator 
(under articles 137 or 145 respectively of Greek Law 4261/2014), and in such an event servicing of the 
Cover Pool will be included in their general powers over the Issuer’s assets; or (b) in addition to such 
persons, a person specifically carrying out the servicing of the Cover Pool. Any such person appointed as 
described in paragraph (a) or (b) above shall be obliged to service the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
Any of the aforementioned parties performing the role of the servicer, as well as the special liquidator that 
will be appointed by the Bank of Greece to undertake the management of the Issuer, will be required to 
treat the Cover Pool as a segregated pool of assets on the basis of the segregation provisions of Article 152 
and in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the terms of which, including, inter 
alia, the termination, substitution and replacement provisions, will at all times apply. 
In the event that the Issuer is placed into liquidation in accordance with article 145 of Greek Law 
4261/2014, Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors shall be satisfied in respect of the 
portion of their claims that is not paid off from the Cover Pool from the remaining assets of the Issuer as 
unsecured creditors (i.e. after satisfaction of preferred creditors in accordance with article 145A of the 
CRD Law (added through par. 1 of article 120 of Greek Law 4335/2015, as amended and currently in 
force). 
Moreover, in the event that resolution measures are ordered with respect to the Issuer under Greek Law 
4335/2015, as in force, which implemented the BRRD in Greece, the Issuer’s liabilities under Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme will be excluded from the liabilities which may be subject to the BRRD 
Bail-in Tool of article 44 of article 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015, as in force (which transposed into Greek 
Law article 44 of Directive 2014/59/EU) to the extent that they are secured and all Cover Pool Assets 
should remain unaffected, segregated and with sufficient funding.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE GREEK COVERED BOND LEGISLATION  
 
 
The following is an overview of the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be 
aware. The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Greek 
legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds and prospective Covered Bondholders 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Introduction 
The transactions described in this Base Prospectus are the subject of specific legislation, the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation. As mentioned elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation includes Article 152 of the CRD Law (such law being published in the Government Gazette 
No. 107/A/5-5-2014 and dealing with, inter alia, the capital adequacy of investment firms and credit 
institutions, by implementation of Directive 2013/36/EU) (defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus as 
Article 152) and the Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece No. 2598/2007 entitled “Regulatory 
framework for covered bonds issued by credit institutions” and published in the Government Gazette No. 
2236/B/21-11-2007, as amended and restated by the codifying Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece 
No. 2620/2009 (published in the Government Gazette No. 2107/B/29-9-2009) (defined elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus as the “Secondary Covered Bond Legislation” and, together with Article 152 the 
“Greek Covered Bond Legislation”). The Greek Covered Bond Legislation has been enacted, with a 
view, inter alia, to complying with the standards of article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC, and entitles 
credit institutions to issue (directly or through a special purpose vehicle) covered bonds with preferential 
rights in favour of the holders thereof and certain other creditors over a cover pool comprised by certain 
assets discussed in further detail below. 
The provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation that are relevant to the Programme may be 
summarised as follows: 
Article 152 
Covered Bonds may be issued by credit institutions pursuant to the provisions of Article 152 and the 
general provisions on bonds of Greek Law 4548/2018 (articles 59-74) and Greek Law 3156/2003 (articles 
2, 14 and 20). 
The bondholders’ representative (also referred to as the trustee) may be a credit institution or an affiliated 
company of a credit institution entitled to provide services in the European Economic Area. Unless 
otherwise set out in the terms and conditions of the bonds the trustee is liable towards bondholders for 
wilful misconduct and gross negligence. 
Cover Pool – composition of assets 
Paragraph 3 of Article 152 provides that the assets forming part of the cover pool may include receivables 
deriving from loans and credit facilities of any nature and, on a supplementary basis, receivables deriving 
from financial instruments (such as, but not limited to, receivables deriving from interest rate swaps 
contracts), deposits with credit institutions and securities, as specified by a decision of the Bank of 
Greece.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Following authorisation originally provided by article 91 of Greek Law 3601/2007 and repeated by Article 
152, the Bank of Greece has defined, in the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, the cover pool eligible 
assets as follows: 
(a) 
certain eligible assets set out in paragraph 8(b) of Section B of the Act of Governor of the Bank 
of Greece Act No. 2588/20- 8-2007 (on the “Calculation of Capital Requirements for Credit 
Risk according to the Standardised Approach”), as amended, including claims deriving from 
loans and credit facilities of any nature secured by residential real estate; Following the entry 
into force of Regulation 575/2013 on 1 January 2014, the reference to paragraph 8(b) should be 
read as a reference to article 129 of Regulation 575/2013; 
(b) 
derivative financial instruments satisfying certain requirements as to the scope thereof and the 
capacity of the counterparty; 
(c) 
deposits with credit institutions (including any cashflows deriving therefrom) provided that such 
deposits comply with paragraph 8(b) of Section B of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2588/20-8-
2007 as amended. Following the entry into force of Regulation 575/2013 on 1 January 2014, the 
reference to paragraph 8(b) should be read as a reference to article 129 of Regulation 575/2013; 
and 
(d) 
Marketable Assets. 
Loans that are in arrears for more than 90 days shall not be included in the Cover Pool for the purposes of 
the calculations required under the Statutory Tests. 
The Bank of Greece has also set out requirements as to the substitution and replacement of cover pool 
assets by other eligible assets (including, inter alia, marketable assets, as defined in the Act of the 
Monetary Policy Council of the Bank of Greece No. 96/22-4-2015, which replaced the Act of Monetary 
Policy Council of the Bank of Greece No. 54/27-02-2004). 
Benefit of a prioritised claim by way of statutory pledge 
Claims comprised in the cover pool are named in a document (defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus as 
a Registration Statement) signed by the issuer and the trustee and registered in a summary form including 
the substantial parts thereof, in accordance with paragraph 5 of article 152 of Greek Law 4261/2014, in 
conjunction with article 3 of Greek Law 2844/2000. The form of the Registration Statement has been 
defined by Ministerial Decree No. 95630/8-9-2008 (published in the Government Gazette No 1858/B/12-9-
2008) of the Minister of Justice. Receivables forming part of the cover pool may be substituted for others 
and receivables may be added to the cover pool in the same manner. 
Holders of covered bonds and certain other creditors having claims relating to the issuance of the covered 
bonds (such as, inter alios, the trustee, the servicer and financial derivatives counterparties) named as 
secured creditors in the terms and conditions of the covered bonds are secured (by operation of paragraph 
4 of Article 152) by a statutory pledge over the cover pool, or, where a cover pool asset is governed by 
foreign law, by a security in rem created under applicable law. 
With respect to the preferential treatment of covered bondholders and other secured creditors and pursuant 
to paragraph 6 of Article 152, claims that have the benefit of a statutory pledge rank ahead of claims 
referred to in article 975 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (a general provision of Greek Law on 
creditors’ ranking), as in force, unless otherwise set out in the terms and conditions of the covered bonds. 
In the event of bankruptcy of the issuer, covered bondholders and other creditors secured by the statutory 
pledge shall be satisfied in respect of the portion of their claims that is not paid off from the cover pool in 
the same manner as unsecured creditors from the remaining assets of the issuer.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
To ensure bankruptcy remoteness of the assets in the cover pool, paragraph 7 of Article 152 provides that 
upon registration of the Registration Statement with the public registry, the validity of the issue of the 
covered bonds, the creation of the statutory pledge and the real security governed by foreign law, if any, 
the payments to covered bondholders and other creditors secured by the statutory pledge, as well as of the 
entry into force of any agreement relating to the issue of covered bonds may not be affected by the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings in respect of the issuer. 
Paragraph 8 of Article 152 safeguards the interests of covered bondholders and other secured creditors 
in providing that assets included in the cover pool may not be attached/seized nor disposed by the issuer 
without the written consent of the trustee, unless otherwise set out in the terms and conditions of the 
covered bonds. 
Paragraph 9 of Article 152 deals with the servicing of the cover pool. In particular, it provides that the 
terms and conditions of the covered bonds may specify that either from the beginning or following the 
occurrence of certain events, such as, but not limited to, the commencement of insolvency proceedings in 
respect of the issuer, the trustee may assign to third parties or carry out itself the collection of and, in 
general, the servicing of the cover pool assets by virtue of an analogous application of the Greek 
provisions on servicing applicable to securitisations (paragraphs 14 through 16 of article 10 of Greek Law 
3156/2003). 
Paragraph 9 of Article 152 also provides that the trustee may also, pursuant to the terms and conditions of 
the bonds and the terms of its relationship with the bondholders, sell and transfer the assets forming part 
of the cover pool either by virtue of an analogous application of articles 10 and 14 of Greek Law 
3156/2003 concerning securitisation of receivables or pursuant to the general legislative provisions and 
utilise the net proceeds from the sale to pay the claims secured by the statutory pledge, in deviation from 
articles 1239 and 1254 of the Greek Civil Code on enforcement of pledges and any other legislative 
provision to the contrary. For the purposes of facilitating the transfer pursuant to the above-mentioned 
securitisation provisions of Greek Law 3156/2003 the transferor shall not be required to have a permanent 
establishment in Greece. 
In the event of the issuer’s insolvency the Bank of Greece may appoint a servicer, if the trustee fails to do 
so. Sums deriving from the collection of the receivables that are covered by the statutory pledge and the 
liquidation of other assets covered thereby are required to be applied towards the payment of the covered 
bonds and other claims secured by the statutory pledge pursuant to the terms and conditions of the covered 
bonds. 
Paragraph 9 of Article 152 also deals with banking secrecy and personal data processing. In particular, it 
provides that the provisions of paragraphs 20 through 22 of article 10 of Greek Law 3156/2003 that 
regulate these issues in the securitisation transactions shall apply mutatis-mutandis to the sale, transfer, 
collection and servicing, in general, of the assets constituting the cover pool 
Paragraph 11 of Article 152 confirms that covered bonds may be listed on a regulated market within the 
meaning of paragraph 10 of Article 2 of Greek Law 3606/2007, as in force, and paragraph 21 of article 4 
of Directive 2014/65/EU and offered to the public pursuant to applicable provisions. 
Article 152 authorises the Bank of Greece to deal both with specific issues, such as, the definition of the 
cover pool, the ratio between the value of the cover pool assets and that of covered bonds, the method for 
the evaluation of cover pool assets and requirements to ensure adequacy of the cover pool and any details 
in general for the implementation of Article 152. 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation has been issued by the Bank of Greece by virtue of 
authorisations given by Article 152 as aforesaid. To this effect, the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation 
sets out requirements for the supervisory recognition of covered bonds, including, requirements as to the 
issuer’s risk management and internal control systems; requirements as to a minimum amount of 
regulatory own funds on a consolidated basis and capital adequacy ratio; definition and eligibility criteria 
as to the initial cover pool and the substitution and replacement of cover pool assets; requirements in 
respect of the ratio between the value of the cover pool assets and the value of covered bonds, the ratio 
between the net present value of liabilities under the covered bonds and the net present value of the cover 
assets, the ratio between interest payments on covered bonds and interest payments on cover pool assets 
and the revaluation of the value of the real estate property mortgaged; requirements for the performance of 
quarterly reviews by the servicer and annual audits thereof by independent chartered accountants; 
requirement to appoint a trustee; provisions regarding measures to be taken in the event of insolvency 
procedures in respect of the issuer; procedures for the submission of documents to obtain approval by the 
Bank of Greece in respect of the issuance of covered bonds; provisions relating to the position weighting 
of covered bonds; and data reporting and disclosure requirements.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
The Bank is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and one of the largest financial institutions in 
Greece by market capitalisation, holding a significant position in Greece’s retail banking sector, with, as at 
30 September 2020, more than 9 million deposit accounts, more than 2 million lending accounts, 387 
branches and one private banking Unit and 1,502 Automated Teller Machines (“ATMs”). The Bank and 
its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) provide a wide range of financial services, including retail 
(such as mortgage lending and consumer lending), commercial and investment banking services and asset 
management, through the Group’s network of branches and subsidiaries in Greece and abroad. The 
Group’s principal sources of income historically have been interest earned on customer loans and debt 
securities and income from fees and commissions. The Group funds its lending activities and its securities 
portfolio principally through (i) customer deposits in its branch network, (ii) funding from the Eurosystem 
through the Targeted Long-term Refinancing Operations (“TLTROs”) with the ECB and (iii) repurchase 
agreements (repos) with major foreign financial institutions. 
The Issuer’s website is: https://www.nbg.gr/en. The information on the Issuer’s website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” above). 
History and Development of the Group 
The Bank was founded in 1841 and incorporated as a société anonyme pursuant to Greek Law as 
published in the Greek Government Gazette No. 6 on 30 March 1841 (registered number G.E.MI 
237901000). The Bank’s current corporate form will expire on 27 February 2053, but may be further 
extended by a shareholder resolution passed at a General Meeting (as defined below). The Bank is 
domiciled in Greece. The Bank’s headquarters and its registered office are located at 86 Eolou Street, 
10559 Athens, Greece. The telephone number of the Bank is 181818 or +30 210 48 48 484 from abroad. 
The Bank operates under the laws of the Hellenic Republic. 
The Bank has operated a commercial banking business for 180 years. Until the establishment of the Bank 
of Greece as the central bank of Greece in 1928, the Bank, in addition to commercial banking activities, 
was responsible for issuing currency in Greece. 
Development of the Group 
Since 2014, principally in connection with regulatory capital shortfalls identified by comprehensive 
assessments performed by the SSM, the Group has developed capital plans, and raised capital through 
recapitalisation, restructurings or offerings to address such shortfalls. On 3 November 2015, the Board of 
Directors of the Bank approved the Capital Plan (as defined below, see “The Capital Plan”), which 
included the disposal of the Group’s entire stake in its Turkish subsidiary, Finansbank A.S. 
(“Finansbank”) together with its stake in Finans Leasing, thereby disposing of all of its operations in 
Turkey. This transaction was completed on 15 June 2016, on which date control of Finansbank passed to 
Qatar National Bank S.A.Q. (“QNB”). The detail of various plans or actions undertaken by the Bank since 
2014 are described below. 
2014 Comprehensive Assessment 
Since 1 November 2014, all systemic Eurozone banks, including the Bank, have been under the direct 
supervision of the Single Supervision Mechanism. Before the ECB assumed its supervisory 
responsibilities, the Bank, as with all systemic European banks, was subject to an EU-wide comprehensive 
assessment including an Asset Quality Review (“AQR”) and Stress Test (“Stress Test”).

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
2015 Comprehensive Assessment 
In accordance with the Euro Summit Statement of 12 July 2015 and the ECB decision of 5 August 2015, 
the ECB conducted a comprehensive assessment of the four systemic Greek banks, including the Bank, 
the results of which were announced on 31 October 2015 (the “2015 Comprehensive Assessment”). 
Under the baseline scenario (including AQR adjustments), the Stress Test generated an additional negative 
impact on the Bank’s regulatory capital, resulting in a stressed CET1 ratio of 6.8% relative to the 
minimum CET1 ratio threshold set by the ECB at 9.5% for the baseline scenario, implying a capital 
shortfall of €1,576 million (reduced to €1,456 million (the “Baseline Scenario Shortfall”) taking into 
account the positive impact stemming from the 2015 third quarter results). Under the adverse scenario, the 
Stress Test (including AQR adjustments) identified a capital shortfall of €4,482 million (the “Adverse 
Scenario Shortfall”). 
The Capital Plan 
To address these capital shortfalls, the Bank undertook a number of capital actions to raise its CET1 
capital. These capital actions were set out in a capital action plan (the “Capital Plan”). 
The following actions were completed in December 2015 (see “2015 Recapitalisation” below): 
• 
the Liability Management Offers (“LME Offers”) to eligible holders of seven series of 
outstanding debt and capital securities (“Target Securities”); 
• 
the International Offering (as defined below) and; 
• 
the Greek Public Offer (as defined below). 
Additionally, the Capital Plan included the sale to QNB of the Group’s 99.81% stake in Finansbank A.S., 
together with the Bank’s 29.87% direct stake in Finans Leasing (although the sale was not required to be 
and the Bank did not expect it to be completed by 11 December 2015 (the date by which the LME Offers, 
the International Offering and the Greek Public Offer were required to be completed).  
2015 Recapitalisation 
The 2015 recapitalisation (comprising the Capital Plan actions, the HFSF Subscription (as defined below) 
and the Burden Sharing Measures (as defined below)), enabled the Bank to raise the capital required to 
satisfy the Adverse Scenario Shortfall of €4,482 million through the issuance of an aggregate of 
8,911,608,218 new ordinary shares of the Bank and the issuance of 20,292 CoCos (the “2015 
Recapitalisation”).  
Burden Sharing Measures 
As described above, the Capital Plan actions in the aggregate did not fully address the Adverse Scenario 
Shortfall, and therefore the Bank made a formal application for EU State aid on 3 December 2015. This 
EU State aid consisted of the subscription by the HFSF of CoCos (in a principal amount equal to 75% of 
the amount of EU State aid provided) and newly issued ordinary shares of the Bank (in respect of the 
remaining 25%) (the “HFSF Subscription”). Consistent with EU State aid rules, EU State aid was 
provided by the HFSF after the application of the Burden Sharing Measures (as described below). 
Since EU State aid was requested by the Bank following the completion of the above-mentioned measures 
as part of the Capital Plan, prior to the receipt of such EU State aid, the HFSF Bail in Tool was required to 
be applied to convert into ordinary shares outstanding classes of the Bank’s hybrid capital instruments, all 
subordinated liabilities and certain senior unsecured liabilities which were not mandatorily preferred by

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
law (together, the “Burden Sharing Measures”). These Burden Sharing Measures were applied to the 
securities issued by the Bank not subject to the LME Offers, and the Target Securities that were not 
purchased by the Bank pursuant to the terms of the LME Offers. 
Revised Restructuring Plan as approved by the Directorate General for Competition on 10 May 
2019 (the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan) 
The Group is subject to European Commission rules on EU State aid in light of the aid received from the 
HFSF and the Hellenic Republic. These rules are administered by the Directorate General for the 
Competition of the European Commission (the “DG Comp”). Under these rules, the Bank’s operations 
are monitored and limited to the operations included in the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan, which aims 
to ensure the Bank’s return to long term viability. 
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan was approved on 10 May 2019 by the European Commission. 
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan includes a number of commitments to implement certain measures 
and actions that have to be completed during the period 2019-2020 (the “2019 Revised Restructuring 
Plan Commitments”). The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments relate both to domestic and 
foreign operations of the Group. Differentiations to the 2015 Restructuring Plan which expired on 31 
December 2018 relate to the deepening of the Bank’s operational restructuring, some amendments on the 
commitments and deadlines, as well as a commitment to sell the remaining stake (32.66%) in NBG 
Pangaea REIC (“Pangaea”) in substitution for the commitment to dispose of its banking subsidiary in 
SEE, Stopanska, Banka A.D.-Skopje. 
For domestic operations, the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments relate to constraining 
operating expenses, including the number of personnel and branches. In particular, the 2019 Revised 
Restructuring Plan Commitments include the following:  
(a) 
a further reduction of the number of branches in Greece; 
(b) 
a further reduction of the number of employees in Greece; and 
(c) 
a further reduction of total operating costs in Greece. 
Divestment of domestic non-banking activities: The Bank will divest from certain domestic non-
banking activities. Under the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan, the Bank must dispose at least 80% in 
Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A. (“Ethniki Insurance” or “NIC”). NBG relaunched NIC’s sales 
process in October 2019. NBG received a binding offer from a prospective bidder on the basis of 
updated post-COVID-19 due diligence and is currently in the process of negotiating this offer. 
Divestment from international operations: The Bank reduced its international activities, by disposing of 
certain subsidiaries in the period from 2016 to 2020. More specifically, as part of the 2015 Revised 
Restructuring Plan, in 2016, the Bank completed the sale of 100% of its shareholdings in Finansbank and 
in NBGI Private Equity Limited. In June 2017, the Bank completed the sale of its 99.91% shareholding in 
UBB (Bulgaria) and its 100.00% shareholding in Interlease E.A.D. (Bulgaria) each to KBC Bank 
(Belgium). In December 2017, the Bank completed the sale of its 100.00% Serbian subsidiaries 
Vojvodjanska Banka a.d. Novi Sad, NBG Leasing d.o.o. Belgrade and NBG Services d.o.o. Belgrade to 
OTP Banka Srbija a.d. In July 2018, the Bank completed the sale its 100.00% subsidiary NBG Albania to 
ABI. In October 2018, the Bank completed the sale of its 99.83% subsidiary S.A.B.A. to AFGRI. On 23 
January 2020, the Bank completed the sale of 99.28% of Banca Romaneasca to EximBank S.A. The only 
incomplete divestment from international operations relate to the subsidiary NBG Cyprus, as the 
divestment in the branch network in Egypt was cancelled in May 2020 (above “Divestments of 
subsidiaries - Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan commitments”).

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Lastly, the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan provides for prolongation of the 2015 Restructuring Plan’s 
Commitments on corporate governance, commercial practices and risk monitoring, acquisitions and 
advertising.   
The implementation of the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments is monitored by the 
Monitoring Trustee. 
Divestments of subsidiaries 
Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan commitments 
National Bank of Greece – Egyptian Branch Network 
As of 31 December 2018, the Network in Egypt (“NBG Egypt”) had been classified as held for sale and 
discontinued operations.  
On 2 May 2019, the Bank signed a definitive agreement to sell certain assets and liabilities of NBG Egypt 
to Bank Audi S.A.E. (“Bank Audi Egypt”). Closing of the Egypt transaction was subject to the approval 
of the Central Bank of Egypt (“CBE”), as the Central Bank of Lebanon approved the transaction in June 
2019. Given that the CBE approval was still pending six months after the signing of the definitive 
agreement, Bank Audi SAE issued an agreement termination notice in November 2019. 
On 11 May 2020, Bank Audi Egypt informed the Bank that will not pursue further the potential 
acquisition of NBG’s operations in Egypt. As a result, the financial statements of the Bank and the Group 
were amended retrospectively, as if the NBG Egypt never qualified as held for sale and discontinued 
operations. However, in January 2021, an official application was submitted to the Central Bank of Egypt 
to wind-down its operations in Egypt. 
National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd 
A Share and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) had been signed with Astrobank Limited on 26 November 
2019, for the sale of a 100.00% stake in National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd.  
However, on 26 November 2020, which was the last date (“Longstop Date”) for Astrobank Limited to 
fulfil certain condition precedents specified in the SPA entered into between NBG and Astrobank Limited, 
the Bank took note that such condition precedents were not fulfilled and henceforth decided to terminate 
the SPA on 27 November 2020. 
NBG remains committed to implementing alternative options of compliance with its Commitments under 
the Restructuring Plan as agreed with the DG Competition. 
Sale of a majority equity holding in NIC  
The Bank relaunched NIC’s sales process in October 2019. NBG received a binding offer from a 
prospective bidder on the basis of updated post-COVID-19 due diligence and is currently in the process of 
negotiating this offer. NIC has been classified as held for sale and discontinued operations. 
Other divestments 
Planned divestment of CAC Coral Ltd 
The divestment of CAC Coral Ltd was launched in December 2019. A sale and purchase agreement was 
signed with Bain Capital Credit on 16 October 2020, for the sale of a 100.00% stake in CAC Coral Ltd. 
The transaction is currently expected to be concluded by the end of the third quarter of 2021 after approval 
of the competent regulatory authorities.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
2018 EU-wide Stress Test 
For information relating to the 2018 EU wide stress test, including the results for the Bank, see 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece - EU-wide stress test 2020”. 
2020 EU-wide Stress Test  
On 31 January 2020, the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) announced the launch of the 2020 EU-
wide stress test, to be conducted on a sample of 51 EU banks. Similar to the 2018 exercise, it was intended 
to be a bottom-up exercise with constraints, including a static balance sheet assumption. The aim of the 
EU-wide stress test was to assess the resilience of EU banks to a common set of adverse economic 
developments in order to identify potential risks, inform supervisory decisions and increase market 
discipline.  
However, in the light of the operational pressure on banks due to COVID-19, on 12 March 2020 the EBA 
announced its decision to postpone the EU-wide stress test exercise to 2021, in order to allow banks to 
focus on and ensure the continuity of their core operations. 
See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece - EU-wide stress test 2020”. 
Recent developments  
On 21 January 2021, the Bank endorsed the UN Principles for Responsible Banking (the “UN Principles 
for Responsible Banking”) – a single framework for a sustainable banking industry developed through an 
innovative partnership between banks worldwide and United Nations Environment’s Finance Initiative – 
thus becoming an official signatory together with more than 200 banks from around the world which 
represent more than a third of the global banking industry.  
The Principles for Responsible Banking set out the banking industry’s role and responsibility in shaping a 
sustainable future and in aligning the banking sector with the objectives of the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals and the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement. They also, importantly, enable banks to 
embed sustainability across all their business areas, and to identify where they have the potential to make 
the most impact in its contributions to a sustainable world. Additionally, the UN Principles for 
Responsible Banking also position banks to leverage new business opportunities with the emergence of 
the sustainable development economy. 
Recognizing the significance of responsible practices for ensuring the sustainability of its long-term 
operation, as well as the creation of value for its shareholders, customers, employees and the community 
at large, the Bank endorsed UN Principles for Responsible Banking, aiming at further enhancing its 
commitment to its long-term strategic planning for contributing to a sustainable future for all. 
2020 VES 
On 9 November 2020, the management informed the personnel for the conditions of the 2020 Voluntary 
Exist Scheme (“VES”) through internal circular. On a Group level, the total cost  recognized in 2020 for 
VES amounted to €126 million. 
COVID-19 outbreak 
Risks and responses related to the COVID-19 crisis 
In the first quarter of 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a 
pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a significant global economic downturn which has 
adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, the Group’s business and results of 
operations. The future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Greek and/or global economy and the

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition remain uncertain. See “Risk Factors - The 
Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that 
may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition.”  
The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures attempting to 
contain the spread and impact of COVID-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in 
place orders, and limitations on business activity, including closures. These measures severely restrict 
economic activity. These measures have also negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, businesses, market participants, counterparties and customers as well as the Greek and/or global 
economy for a prolonged period of time. The COVID-19 pandemic led to the activation of the Bank’s 
Crisis Management Committee in February 2020 with the aim of dealing with increased measures 
regarding the Group’s employee health & safety, business continuity through remote work and customer 
support in response to the COVID-19 crisis, which remain key priorities for the Bank (see further “Key 
Focus on Employee, Customer Support and Other Stakeholders and Society” in “Note 22: Risks and 
responses related to the COVID-19 Outbreak” of the September 2020 Interim Financial Statements and in 
“Response to COVID-19 Crisis” in the Board of Directors Report in the six-month Financial Report for 
the period ended 30 June 2020, each of which is incorporated by reference herein). The deterioration of 
financial conditions has increased the Bank’s impairment charges for ECL (see further “Note 4:  Credit 
provisions and other impairment charges” of the September 2020 Interim Financial Statements and “Note 
4: Credit provisions and other impairment charges” of the June 2020 Interim Financial Statements,  each 
of which is incorporated by reference herein) and has led to loan modification programmes (see further 
“Customer Support measures in response to COVID-19 crisis” in “Note 22: Risks and responses related to 
the COVID-19 Outbreak” of the September 2020 Interim Financial Statements and in “Response to 
COVID-19 Crisis” in the Board of Directors Report in the six-month Financial Report for the period 
ended 30 June 2020,  each of which is incorporated by reference herein). The Group also evaluated its 
assets, including intangibles and equity investments, for potential impairment, and reviewed fair values of 
financial instruments that are carried at fair value. Based upon the Bank’s review as of 30 September 
2020, no significant impairments have been recorded for the Group with the exception of the impairment 
charge for ECL relating to loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, and there have been no 
significant changes in fair values and in fair value hierarchy classifications.   
Customer Support Measures in response to COVID-19 crisis 
The Group has offered, and continues to offer, a number of COVID-19 related relief measures to its 
customers within the context of EBA guidelines and government and sector initiatives. Such measures 
include the option to defer the payment of principal instalments on loans for the period 1 March 2020 to 
31 December 2020 for medium & large corporate customers and SMEs. Additionally, NBG participated in 
COVID-19 support schemes for medium and large corporate customers and SMEs, in line with the 
respective initivatives by Greek banks, emergency legislation and relevant Ministerial Decisions of the 
Greek Government aimed at addressing the impact of the crisis. NBG has also implemented a 
comprehensive and broad range of initiatives aimed at supporting Retail customers, including the option 
to suspend instalment payments on loans through to 31 December 2020, and measures aimed at enabling 
customers to perform day-to-day banking activities remotely without the need to visit a branch. See 
further “Customer Support measures in response to COVID-19 crisis” in “Note 22: Risks and responses 
related to the COVID-19 Outbreak” of the September 2020 Interim Financial Statements and in 
“Response to COVID-19 Crisis” in the Board of Directors Report in the six-month Financial Report for 
the period ended 30 June 2020, each of which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Furthermore, the Bank approaches future repayment difficulties of mortgage borrowers due to COVID 19 
through: 
(1) 
the state initiative programme “Gefyra”; and  
(2) 
a product designed by the Bank named “Ethnogefyra”.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Borrowers that are accepted by the “Gefyra” programme receive a state subsidy for a percentage of the 
monthly loan instalment for 3 quarters starting in 4Q20, gradually decreasing per quarter. The subsidy can 
reach up to 90% of the instalment amount for the first quarter.  
“Ethnogefyra” product includes a decreased payment instalment (50%) up to 31 December 2021 in order 
to reduce the payment shock affecting borrowers that received payment holiday and will not receive state 
subsidy offered by the “Gefyra” programme.   
Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities 
Greek authorities have implemented and/or announced financial state aid measures, tax measures and 
labour protection measures in response to the economic and market conditions resulting from the COVID-
19 pandemic which the Bank believes will help its customers meet their financial obligations. as detailed 
in “Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities” in “Note 22: Risks and responses 
related to the COVID-19 Outbreak” of the September 2020 Interim Financial Statements and in 
“Response to COVID-19 Crisis” in the Board of Directors Report in the six-month Financial Report for 
the period ended 30 June 2020,  each of which is incorporated by reference herein. Especially with regards 
to the repayment of loans taken out by individuals or legal persons who have evidently been affected by 
the Covid-19 pandemic, either directly or indirectly, the Greek State has undertaken, pursuant to Articles 
71-89 of Greek Law 4714/2020 (published in the Government Gazette Issue 148/A/31.7.2020), as 
amended, to contribute to the installment payments, provided that these loans have been secured by a 
mortgage over the debtor’s primary residence. Articles 71-89 entail the process and criteria that debtors 
should meet in order to receive the above State aid. The State’s contribution shall not exceed the time 
limit of 9-months from the approval of the debtor’s application (which had to be submitted by 31 October 
2020) (the “Gefyra programme”). In case an eligible debtor has already been granted instalment payment 
suspension, according to the fifth and seventh article of the Act of Legislative Content of 30.3.2020 
(published in the Government Gazette Issue 75/A/30.3.2020), as ratified by Greek Law 4684/2020 
(published in the Government Gazette Issue 86/A/25.4.2020), for which instalments the State’s 
contribution is also approved in accordance with the provisions of the Gefyra programme, the following 
two options are available, at the debtor’s own discretion: a) for the granted suspension to stop and 
payment of the contribution to be initiated; or b) for the payment of the contribution to be initiated after 
the completion of the granted suspension. An additional extension of the already granted suspension may 
be applicable, once the eligibility of the debt has been established. In any case, the contribution cannot be 
granted for a period longer than 9-months from 31 March 2021.  
Furthermore, measures have been announced by European authorities since the outbreak of the COVID—
19 pandemic, as summarised below and as further detailed in “Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek 
and European authorities” in “Note 22: Risks and responses related to the COVID-19 Outbreak” of the 
September 2020 Interim Financial Statements and in “Response to COVID-19 Crisis” in the Board of 
Directors Report in the six-month Financial Report for the period ended 30 June 2020, each of which is 
incorporated by reference herein.   
The European Central Bank (ECB) 
In March, April, June and December 2020, the ECB announced (as the case may be) the following 
measures: 
• 
temporary increase in the Asset Purchase Programme (“APP”); 
• 
the activation of a Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme (“PEPP”) since the second quarter 
of 2020; 
• 
modifications to the terms and conditions of its Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations 
(“TLTRO III”).

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The ECB has also introduced a series of prudential measures since the outbreak of the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
The European Commission  
European Commission announced the following measures: 
• 
A banking package to facilitate lending to households and businesses in the EU (on 28 April 
2020), including:  
− 
Amendments to the Capital Requirements Regulation. The European Commission 
proposes exceptional temporary measures to alleviate the immediate impact of 
Coronavirus-related developments, by adapting the timeline of the application of 
international accounting standards on banks' capital, by treating more favourably public 
guarantees granted during this crisis, by postponing the date of application of the leverage 
ratio buffer and by modifying the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation 
of the leverage ratio. The European Commission also proposes to advance the date of 
application of several agreed measures that incentivise banks to finance employees, SMEs 
and infrastructure projects.  
− 
Interpretative Communication on the EU's accounting and prudential frameworks. The 
Communication confirms recent statements on using flexibility within accounting and 
prudential rules, such as those made by the Basel Committee of Banking Supervision, the 
EBA and the ECB, amongst others. For example, the respective communication confirms 
the flexibility available in EU rules when it comes to public and private moratoria on loan 
repayments (EBA guidelines of 2 April 2020). 
• 
Issue by the European Commission of a €17 billion inaugural social bond under the EU SURE 
instrument to help protect jobs and keep people employed. SURE has an overall capacity of up to 
€100 billion to help protect jobs and workers affected by the pandemic. The European 
Commission has to date proposed a total of €87.8 billion in financial support under SURE to 17 
Member States. (on 21 October 2020). 
Member States - Coronavirus Recovery Fund  
On 21 July 2020, EU leaders agreed to a €1.8 trillion aid and budget deal aimed at helping members 
recover from the economic fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Next Generation EU (“NGEU”). The 
package includes a €750 billion fund to be sent as loans and grants, as well as a seven-year €1 trillion EU 
budget. The plan includes €390 billion worth of grants and €360 billion worth of loans.  
On 17 September 2020, the European Commission set out guidance for the implementation of the 
Recovery and Resilience Facility (the “RRF”) in its 2021 Annual Sustainable Growth Strategy (“ASGS”). 
The Facility will provide an unprecedented €672.5 billion of loans and grants in frontloaded financial 
support for the crucial first years of the recovery. The deal has to be approved by the European 
Parliament. 
European Banking Authority  
The EBA announced a series of measures, including the postponement of EU-wide stress tests to 2021.  
Council of Ministers of the European Union

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
On 12 March 2020 the Ministers of Finance of the Member States of the EU agreed with the assessment 
of the European Commission, that the conditions for the use of the general escape clause of the EU fiscal 
framework – a severe economic downturn in the euro area or the Union as a whole – are fulfilled. 
The use of the clause will ensure the needed flexibility to take all necessary measures for supporting the  
health and civil protection systems of each Member State and to protect the economies of Member States, 
including through further discretionary stimulus and coordinated action, designed, as appropriate, to be 
timely, temporary and targeted, by Member States. 
Ministers remain fully committed to the respect of the European Union’s Stability and Growth Pact, the 
set of rules designed to ensure that countries in the European Union pursue sound public finances and 
coordinate their fiscal policies. The general escape clause will allow the European Commission and the 
European Council to undertake the necessary policy coordination measures within the framework of the 
Stability and Growth Pact, while departing from the budgetary requirements that would normally apply, in 
order to tackle the economic consequences of the pandemic. 
Hellenic Bank Association 
The Hellenic Bank Association announced in March 2020 that workers, freelancers and small business 
owners that have been directly affected by the COVID-19 crisis as a result of the Government ordering the 
suspension of their business operations in order to fight the pandemic, will benefit, if the customer so 
desires, with a deferral of all loan payments for a short period of time. Furthermore, corporations likewise 
effected by the COVID-19 crisis measures will also benefit, if they so desire, with a short term deferral in 
the payment of capital and an extension of 75 days has been provided for post-dated cheques at maturity.  
Similar initiatives have been taken by other countries and central banks where the Group operates. 
See further “Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities” in “Note 22: Risks and 
responses related to the COVID-19 Outbreak” of the September 2020 Interim Financial Statements and in 
“Response to COVID-19 Crisis” in the Board of Directors Report in the six-month Financial Report for 
the period ended 30 June 2020, each of which is incorporated by reference herein 
 
Major Shareholders 
By resolution of the Bank’s Annual General Meeting of 26 July 2018, it was decided to simultaneously (i) 
increase the share capital by €0.90, due to capitalisation of an equal part of the Bank's special reserve of 
article 4.4a of Codified Law 2190/1920, and (ii) increase the nominal value of each common registered 
voting share of the Bank from €0.30 to €3.00 and reduce the aggregate number of the Bank's old common 
registered shares from 9,147,151,527 to 914,715,153 new common registered shares with voting rights by 
means of a reverse split at a rate of ten (10) old common shares of the Bank to one (1) new common share 
of the Bank. 
Further to the above, the Bank’s outstanding issued share capital consisted of 914,715,153 common shares 
of a nominal value of €3.00 each. 
Common Shares 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding holders of the Bank’s common shares, based 
on information known to or ascertainable by the Bank as at 1 February 2021: 
 
01 February 2021 
 
Number of common 
shares 
Percentage 
holding

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
HFSF (with restricted voting rights) ..................................................................................
13,481,859 
1.47 % 
HFSF (with full voting rights) ...........................................................................................
355,986,916 
38.92% 
Legal entities and individuals outside of Greece ...............................................................
385,994,632 
42.20% 
Legal entities and individuals in Greece ............................................................................
152,962,594 
16.72% 
Domestic pension funds .....................................................................................................
5,671,616 
0.62% 
Other domestic public sector related legal entities and Church of Greece         
     616,099 
0.07% 
Other…………………………………………………………… 
         1,437 
0.00% 
Private placement by investors ..........................................................................................
— 
— 
Total common shares ........................................................................................................
914,715,153 
100.00% 
The Bank’s ordinary shares are listed for trading on the Athens Exchange (“ATHEX”). 
Other than the above, the Bank does not know of any other persons who, directly or indirectly, jointly or 
individually, exercise or could exercise control over the Bank. 
Other than the HFSF, no single shareholder beneficially owns 5.00% or more of the Bank’s common 
shares. 
State Interests 
In the context of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF acquired 40.39% or 3,694,687,756 
(369,468,775 respectively after the reverse split, as mentioned hereinabove) of the Bank’s share capital 
though holding shares of which 134,818,596 (13,481,859 respectively after the reverse split) fall under the 
restrictions of article 7a paragraph 2 of the HFSF Law. 
Relationship with the Hellenic Republic 
Hellenic Republic as Shareholder 
As at 1 February 2021 and following completion of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF 
owns 40.39% of the Bank’s common share capital. Also, various domestic pension funds own in total 
0.62% of the Bank’s common share capital, and other domestic public sector related legal entities and the 
Church of Greece own in total 0.07% of the Bank’s common share capital. See also “Risk Factors – Risks 
relating to the Issuer’s Recapitalisation and Receipt of State aid” and “Major Shareholders” above.   
As the Bank no longer benefits from any support under the Hellenic Republic’s Bank Support Plan, the 
Bank is no longer subject to the provisions of Greek Law 3723/2008 (governing the Hellenic Republic 
Bank Support Plan) and the representation of the Hellenic Republic on the Bank’s Board of Directors has 
been ceased. 
Moreover, for powers vested in the HFSF as it participates in the Bank, please also see “Regulation and 
Supervision of Banks in Greece — The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund – The Greek Recapitalisation 
Framework” below. 
Hellenic Republic as Customer 
The Hellenic Republic, including state related entities, is a large customer of the Bank in terms of loans 
and deposits. At 31 December 2019, 1.3% of the Bank’s outstanding loans were to the Hellenic Republic 
and state related entities, and 7.9% of the Bank’s deposits were from the Hellenic Republic and state 
related entities. The commercial relationship between the Bank, the Hellenic Republic and other state-
owned enterprises is conducted on a normal “arm’s length” basis. The Bank believes that the 
commercially oriented strategy currently being implemented will continue for the foreseeable future. 
Hellenic Republic as Regulator

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Through various agencies, including the Bank of Greece, the Hellenic Republic is also the regulator of the 
Group’s business activities. For more information see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece” 
below. 
Organisational Structure 
Set forth below is a chart indicating the individual companies within the Group and the Group’s 
participation (direct and indirect) in each company at 30 September 2020. 
Primary Operating Area 
Country of 
incorporation 
Direct 
Indirect 
Total 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
 
 
 
Ethniki Leasing S.A. ................................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Ethniki Factors S.A. .................................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Probank Leasing S.A. ................................................................. Greece 
99.87% 
— 
99.87% 
SINEPIA Designated Activity Company(1) ................................. Ireland 
— 
— 
— 
International 
 
 
 
 
National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd(3) .................................... Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
National Securities Co (Cyprus) Ltd(2) ........................................ Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Management Services Ltd ................................................. Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Stopanska Banka A.D. (Skopje).................................................. North Macedonia 
94.64% 
— 
94.64% 
Bankteco E.O.O.D. ..................................................................... Bulgaria 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Leasing S.R.L. ................................................................... Romania 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG (Malta) Holdings Ltd ......................................................... Malta 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Bank Malta Ltd .................................................................. Malta 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
CAC Coral Limited.(3) 
Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Global Markets & Asset Management 
 
 
 
 
National Securities S.A. .............................................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Asset Management Mutual Funds S.A. ............................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Probank M.F.M.C.(2) ................................................................... Greece 
95.00% 
5.00% 
100.00% 
I-Bank Direct S.A. ...................................................................... Greece 
99.90% 
0.10% 
100.00% 
NBG Greek Fund Ltd.................................................................. Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance Plc ........................................................................ UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance (Dollar) Plc(2) ....................................................... UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance (Sterling) Plc(2) ..................................................... UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG International Ltd ................................................................ UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBGI Private Equity Ltd(2) ......................................................... UK 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Asset Management Luxembourg S.A. ............................... Luxemburg 
94.67% 
5.33% 
100.00% 
Insurance 
 
 
 
 
Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.(3) ................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Insurance Brokers S.A. ...................................................... Greece 
99.90% 
0.10% 
100.00% 
Ethniki Insurance (Cyprus) Ltd(3)................................................ Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Ethniki General Insurance (Cyprus) Ltd(3) .................................. Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
National Insurance Agents & Consultants Ltd(3) ......................... Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
S.C. Garanta Asigurari S.A.(3) ..................................................... Romania 
— 
94.96% 
94.96% 
Other 
 
 
 
 
NBG Property Services S.A. ....................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Pronomiouhos S.A. Genikon Apothikon Hellados...................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
KADMOS S.A. ........................................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
DIONYSOS S.A. ........................................................................ Greece 
99.91% 
— 
99.91% 
EKTENEPOL Construction Company S.A................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Mortgage, Touristic Protypos S.A. ............................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Hellenic Touristic Constructions S.A.......................................... Greece 
78.09% 
— 
78.09% 
Ethniki Ktimatikis Ekmetalefsis S.A. ......................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG International Holdings B.V. ............................................... The Netherlands 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
ARC Management One SRL(1) ................................................... Romania 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
ARC Management Two EAD(1) .................................................. Bulgaria 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
 
(1) 
Special Purpose Entity in which the Bank is the primary beneficiary. 
(2) 
Companies under liquidation. 
(3) 
NIC and its subsidiaries, National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd. and CAC Coral Limited have been reclassified to non-
current assets held for sale.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Credit Ratings 
The table below sets forth the credit ratings that have currently been assigned to the Bank by Moody’s, 
Standard & Poor’s and Fitch. 
Rating agency 
Date of ratings 
Long-term 
Issuer 
rating(1) 
Short-term 
Issuer 
rating(1) 
Moody’s........................  12 May 2020 
Caa1 
NP 
S&P...........................  
27 March 2020 
B 
B 
Fitch..............................  28 May 2019 
CCC+ 
C 
 
(1) A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Introduction 
The Bank is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and it holds a significant position in Greece’s retail 
banking sector, with as at 30 June 2020, 389 branches, one private banking Unit and 1,488 ATMs. 
• 
Group main activities at a glance are:  
 
Continuing operations: 
In Greece 
 
 
Retail banking 
 
Corporate and investment banking 
 
NPE management (Troubled Asset Units) 
 
Other 
 
Global Transaction Services 
 
Leasing  
 
Factoring 
 
Brokerage 
 
Asset management 
 
Real estate  
Outside of Greece: 
 
Two banking subsidiaries:  
- Stopanska Banka A.D.—Skopje (Stopanska Banka) and - NBG Bank (Malta) Ltd. (NBG 
Malta) 
Discontinuing operations: 
In Greece 
 
 
One subsidiary in the insurance sector - NIC 
Outside of Greece: 
 
Banking activities in Cyprus (NBG Cyprus)  
 
Credit acquiring subsidiary in Cyprus CAC Coral Ltd 
 
The Bank is the principal operating company of the Group, representing 95.1% of the Group’s total assets, 
excluding non-current assets held for sale, as at 30 June 2020. The Bank’s liabilities represent 97.4% of 
the Group’s total liabilities, excluding liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale, as at 30 
June 2020. While the Bank conducts most of the Group’s banking activities, it is supported by two non-
Greek banking subsidiaries: Stopanska Banka A.D.—Skopje (“Stopanska Banka”) and NBG Bank 
(Malta) Ltd. (“NBG Malta”). 
The Bank holds significant positions in many financial services products in Greece. Based on internal 
analysis of the published financial statements based on IFRS from the four systemic banks (NBG, Piraeus 
Bank, Alpha Bank and Eurobank) regarding the Bank’s outstanding amounts as at 30 June 2020, the Bank 
had significant market share of mortgage loans in Greece, with a share of 27.7% and holds a significant 
position in core deposits (which consist of sight deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time 
deposits), with a market share of 31.8%. See also below the table with the Group’s estimated market 
shares “Banking Activities in Greece — Retail Banking” below.  
NBG’s Transformation Programme 
Building upon its long-lasting tradition of trust and service to society, the Bank embarked on a large-scale 
transformation programme in the second half of 2018 to transform the Bank, responding to the challenges 
and tapping the business opportunities presented by the rapidly changing economic and banking landscape 
(the “Transformation Programme”).

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Transformation Programme identified the strategic areas that leverage the Bank’s strengths and 
address its weaknesses, so as to unlock the Bank’s substantial untapped profitability potential, though six 
discrete workstreams, each led by a senior executive of the Bank. Additionally, a temporary workstream 
was added under the umbrella of the Transformation Programme, focusing on the Bank’s business 
response with respect to the COVID-19 crisis. 
Strategic Priorities for 2021-23 
Between now and 2023 the Bank is currently pursuing six strategic priorities, as follows: 
1. 
achieving a material reduction in NPEs to around 5% of gross loans by 2023, driven by a 
frontloaded large securitisation transaction, a comprehensive programme to address issues faced 
by customers temporarily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as an increase in 
concessionary long-term restructuring efforts. Further improvements in the quality of the Bank’s 
assets will be achieved through the internal Real Estate Owned (“REO”) platform that has been 
set up and is supporting liquidation targets actively managing repossessed assets; 
2. 
developing efficient and agile operations with a lower headcount and cost base, as well as 
enhanced productivity through material further improvements in the Bank’s operating model. 
Such improvements include real estate spend optimisation especially in light of a more flexible 
and partially remote working model since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as a 
material reduction in other general, administrative and other operating (“G&A”) expenses through 
the introduction of a cost demand management function; 
3. 
boosting revenue generation through an increased focus on cross-selling and fee generation 
opportunities in Retail banking and through deepening large client relationships and broadening 
the SME base in Corporate banking. In the case of Retail banking, this will be achieved through 
segment-focused relationship managers, and a stronger focus on fee-generating products. In the 
case of Corporate banking, this will be achieved through enhanced service levels, an increase in 
relationship managers’ capacity and time spent on sales, and a drive to increase sales of ancillary 
products and fees. Across segments, digital channels will play an increasingly important role in 
onboarding, engaging and selling to customers, a trend which has accelerated since the outburst of 
COVID-19; 
4. 
modernising the Bank’s technology infrastructure including replacing the core banking system 
and building a cloud-enabled infrastructure, and optimising core processes (both customer-facing 
and internal) through simplification, centralisation and automation levers, to enable improved 
service levels and the reduction of cost; 
5. 
mobilising the Bank’s human resources through the implementation of a new people strategy that 
rewards performance and aligns individual objectives to strategic goals and redesigning the 
organisation to achieve a leaner structure and higher mobility; and 
6. 
enhancing data quality and availability to the Bank, deploying new tools to enable decision 
making, providing integrated reporting to Management and strengthening risk and internal 
controls awareness across the organisation. 
Banking Activities in Greece 
In this section, financial information pertaining to the Bank relates to banking activities in Greece. 
Most of the Bank’s banking business is domestic and includes retail, corporate and investment banking. 
Banking activities in Greece include the Bank’s domestic operations, Ethniki Leasing, Probank

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Leasing S.A. (“Probank Leasing”) and Ethniki Factors S.A. (“Ethniki Factors”). The Group’s domestic 
banking operations accounted for 95.9% of its total lending activities as at 30 June 2020 (the “Domestic 
Banking Loans”) and for 96.6% of its deposits (the “Domestic Banking Deposits”). 
The following table sets forth details of the domestic loans before allowance for impairment and deposits 
as at 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 30 June 2020: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
 
 
Loans 
Deposits 
Loans 
Deposits 
Loans 
Deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
 
(€ million, except for percentages) 
Retail(1) ....
 
21,690 
57.3 
30,745 
73.7 
 18,506 
55.1% 
 32,485 
76.9%
 17,848 
53.6% 
 33,547 
77.5% 
Corporat
e ..............
 
15,649 
41.4 
5,938 
14.2 
 14,651 
43.6% 
 6,429 
15.2%
 15,050 
45.2% 
 6,852 
15.8% 
Public 
Sector ......
 
489 
1.3 
5,058 
12.1 
 438 
1.3% 
 3,324 
7.9%
431 
1.3% 
 2,864 
6.6% 
Total .......
 
37,828 
100.0 
41,741 
100.0 
33,595 
100.0 
42,238 
100.0
33,329 
100.0 
43,263 
100.0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Retail loans include consumer loans, personal loans, mortgages, automobile financing, loans to SMEs and credit cards. 
 
The Bank aims to attract domestic deposits from retail and corporate customers through: 
• 
wide coverage of the Bank’s domestic branch network; 
• 
the respected status of the Bank’s brand name among a large segment of the population; and 
• 
a broad range of services and products offered by the Bank. 
Moreover, digital banking will continue to evolve rapidly. It will provide flexibility, speed and security to 
customers. Simple transactions and sales of simple products will shift to alternative delivery channels. 
Inevitably, the Bank is being driven to re-examine the operating model of its Branch network, as COVID-
19 has accelerated this trend. 
More specifically, the Bank significantly improved its digital offering, by introducing new features and 
digital products (including debit and prepaid cards for retail customers and new loan applications for 
corporate), while always taking into account cyber risk. Digital transactions increased by 31.6% year-on-
year and digital subscribers reached 2.7 million in June (26.4% year-on-year). Additionally, NBG has 
offered payment moratoria to existing loans to both retail and corporate customers and has actively 
participated in all state driven liquidity support programmes. During 2020, the Bank granted payment 
moratoria for corporate and retail customers amounting to approximately €3.9 billion to more than 41 
thousand clients. In addition, the Bank has disbursed new loans of €4.6 billion in 2020, including the 
Government guarantee schemes. 
Greek Banking Distribution Channels

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
As at 30 September 2020, the Bank operated in Greece through 388 branches (including one private 
banking Unit). As at 30 September 2020, the Bank operated 1,502 ATMs, 794 (offsite) of which were 
situated in key locations such as supermarkets, metro stations, shopping centres, hospitals and airports 
(53% of the Bank’s ATMs are equipped with cash deposit devices). 
In 2011, the Bank created the first “i bank store”, an innovative concept store which provides visitors with 
a true phygital (physical and digital) banking experience. As at 30 September 2020, the Bank operated 6 i 
bank stores (three in Athens, one in Thessaloniki, one in Larissa and one in Xanthi). 
In addition, since the end of 2014, the Bank has developed “i-bank Pay Spot”, an integrated payments 
service for retail stores that allows consumers to make payments (mostly bill payments) in non-banking, 
convenient locations around Greece.  
With “i-bank Pay Spot”, consumers can pay in cash or by debit/credit card more than 250 bills (utilities, 
telecoms, insurance companies, etc.) in small retail stores in their neighbourhood (kiosks, newsstands, 
pharmacies, grocery stores, etc.). Consumers can also pay debts to public authorities (e.g. assessed tax 
debts, road tax for cars and motorcycles, etc.) and top up their fixed/mobile/internet connection. There are 
more than 1,350 i-bank Pay Spots already operating around Greece and the Bank aims to further expand 
the network. 
The Bank’s branches are located in almost every major city and town in Greece. Approximately 44% of 
the Bank’s branches are located in the Attica and Thessaloniki prefectures, the major population centres in 
Greece. The Bank is engaged in a continuous process of rationalizing the organisation of its branch 
network in order to reduce costs, primarily by centralizing back office functions to free more employees to 
work on sales activities directly with customers. In addition, the Bank is continuing to consolidate 
redundant branches in order to maintain equivalent geographic coverage at a lower cost.  
As at 30 September 2020, registered customers in digital channels reached 2.9 million, with 450,000 new 
customers registered since the beginning of the year, while the transactions performed through digital 
channels increased by 27% compared to the corresponding period of the previous year.  
Retail Banking 
All of the Group’s retail banking activities in Greece are conducted by the Bank. The Bank offers retail 
customers a number of different types of deposit and investment products, as well as a wide range of 
traditional banking services and products. 
The following table illustrates the Bank’s estimated market share in Greece for certain categories of retail 
banking activities as at the dates indicated:  
 
As at 
 31 December 
As at 
30 June  
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Mortgage lending (balances) 
27.5% 
27.2% 
27.7% 
Consumer loans and credit cards (balances) 
19.4% 
13.9% 
13.9% 
Core deposits(1) 
33.7% 
32.8% 
31.8% 
 
___________________  
(1) 
Core deposits consist of sight deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time deposits.  
 
The Bank believes that its strong corporate image and brand recognition in Greece, its large customer base 
and its digital business,  network of branches and ATMs are advantages that will facilitate the Bank’s 
access to a diverse depositor base in Greece, providing the Bank with a large, stable and low-cost source 
of funding.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
2019 was a reference year for the Retail Banking Division. The Transformation Programme continued at 
an increased pace, with a broad range of tactical and strategic initiatives being delivered. In 2019 the 
Retail Banking Division displayed solid growth, supported by the implementation of the following key 
initiatives: 
Customer-centric service model: The new customer-centric service model aims to strengthen customer’s 
relationship with the Bank through increased product penetration and services usage, by featuring 
dedicated relationship managers for high-value customer segments, as well as targeted customer 
propositions based on advanced analytics. The Bank’s “Go4More” programme was also significantly 
upgraded in order to increase customer loyalty and engagement.  
Mortgage Lending: The Bank launched new mortgage loan products with the most important being the 
long-term fixed-rate loan (“Estia 10/ 15/ 20/ 25 or 30 Years Fixed Home Loan”). Other products 
introduced included the low installment programme (“Estia Low Start Home Loan”) and mortgage-repair 
or renovation loan without mortgage pre-notation, for clients who wish to perform home upgrades without 
being obliged to provide a pledge (“Estia Home Renovation Loan”). 
Moreover, the Bank completed preparations for boosting the mortgage lending business in the short-term 
by partnering with main market brokers. The Bank’s simplification and acceleration of the mortgage 
lending processes has led to an improvement in end-to-end servicing and response times. 
Consumer Lending: The Bank expanded its lending business through new partnerships with market-
leading retailers while continuing to grow existing key partnerships.  
Small Business Lending: a revision of processes commenced in 2019, with the aim of significantly 
reducing service and turn-around times.  
Cards (debit, credit and prepaid cards): The increase in the number of cards issued was supported by 
the expansion of sales channels, through the onboarding of external contact centres combined with 
targeted sales campaigns. In addition, the expansion of collaborations with merchants has led to an 
increase in both acquiring volumes and market share. 
Deposits, Investments and Bancassurance: The Bank introduced deposit bundles as part of the strategy 
to provide optimum and integrated services to its customers and modernise products. These deposit 
bundles address both individuals and businesses, offering depositors a variety of fee-based packages, 
which provide additional services. 
Bancassurance showed strong results across the entire range of products offered (health, life, fire, auto, 
cards and loans insurance). 
Private Banking: Assets under management grew as a result of the increased appetite for investment 
products and services due to market conditions (including the shift in the market’s perception of the Greek 
economy and the low interest rates in term deposits that lead clients to seek alternatives for better yielding 
options) and an even further increase in the share of wallet, supported by the relationship managers’ 
efforts and enhanced by an effective synergies strategy between Private Banking, Corporate and other 
Retail segments of the Bank. 
Branch network: the optimisation of the branch network footprint and the migration of transaction to 
ATMs and Automated Payment Systems (“APS”) continued, with targeted Unit mergers. At the same 
time, key business processes were re-engineered, in order to improve customer experience and allow staff 
to devote more time and attention towards customer-servicing activities. The Branch network also 
contributed significantly to the restructuring of the retail NPE portfolios and provided support in all stages 
of the NPE portfolio sales initiatives, through a dedicated and specialized structure of “NPE Hubs”.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Digital business: The Bank introduced remote customer digital onboarding. New customers acquired their 
first deposit account, a debit card and digital credentials via a fully online process through their mobile 
phone. NBG was the first Bank in the Greek market to launch such a service. 
A new Internet service was introduced while, in parallel, a new Mobile Banking service (application) was 
launched, offering many of the new internet banking functionalities in order to ensure a consistent journey 
throughout channels. 
Furthermore, the Bank strengthened its digital offering by providing customers with the ability to acquire 
basic products (e.g. debit card) through internet and mobile banking, thereby expanding the Bank’s sales 
channels and amplifying customer digital engagement. The continued focus on the migration of simple 
transactions to digital channels led to a significant decrease in branch teller transactional volumes. 
Finally, the Retail Banking Division managed to further reduce operating expenses, both through strategic 
initiatives (such as Branch Network Unit mergers), as well as an exemplary expense discipline. 
Savings and Investment Products 
Savings and investment products of the Bank are offered in euro and in other currencies. In addition to 
other products, the Bank offers investment products with yields that are higher than its basic deposit 
products, including capital guaranteed principal products, Greek government bonds and other bonds from 
the Bank’s trading portfolio, repurchase agreements between the Bank and its clients and a wide range of 
mutual funds and unit trust products provided by NBG Asset Management Mutual Funds S.A. (“NBG 
Asset Management”), which is 100.00% owned by Group companies. See “Global Investment & Asset 
Management” below. 
The following table illustrates the domestic loan portfolio before any allowance for impairment for retail 
lending as follows: 
 
As at 
 31 December 
 
As at 30 June 
 
 
2018 
 
2019 
 
2020 
 
 
In €000 
Consumer (auto financing, other, consumer lending 
and credit cards) .........................................................
 
3,148 
2,245 
2,098 
Mortgages .......................................................................
 
15,590 
14,318 
13,850 
SBL .................................................................................
 
2,952 
1,943 
1,900 
 
Consumer Lending Products 
During the crisis period the Bank had mainly focused on effectively managing its existing loan portfolio. 
Due to the effects of the economic recession and as a result of targeted deleveraging, the balance of the 
domestic consumer loan portfolio (auto financing, other, consumer lending and credit cards) before any 
allowance for impairment decreased from €3,148 million as at 31 December 2018 to €2,245 million, as at 
31 December 2019 (mainly due to sales & write-offs), and further decreased to €2,098 million as at 30 
June 2020.  
However, the Bank during the last 3 years set the basis for the growth of new lending, mainly through 
loans for specific purposes (against documentation).  Furthermore, in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic and the reduction in economic activity and consequential slowdown in consumer lending, the 
Bank has introduced microlending consumer products.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
With regard to new business development, apart from the promotion of the Bank’s products through its 
branch network, the Bank is now in the position to cater for shifting market trends and support consumer 
products, car purchase and energy/eco solutions financing via strategic partnerships with retail chains, car 
importing companies or dealers and energy trade and supply companies  
Opting to support this, the Bank has been able to invest and capitalise on key collaborations, in order to 
expand its respective market shares and penetration rates, through innovative and advanced products that 
involve swift and safe processes, an extensive network of sales persons and one-stop-shop services. As a 
result, a significant proportion of the Bank’s consumer lending disbursements currently takes place 
through these channels, with partners increasingly taking responsibility for delinquencies, partly or in 
total. 
Moreover, in the fourth quarter of 2020 the Bank launched the new “EXPRESS” personal loan to provide 
customers with instant cash in an amount up to €2000, applications for which can be made via internet or 
mobile banking or in branches and via the Bank’s Contact Center. 
Additionally, in the past two years the Bank has continued focusing on “green” banking, by participating 
in the “Energy Efficiency at Household Buildings II” programme, providing loans with favourable terms 
and conditions for energy improvements at home. 
At the same time, the Bank is working on establishing alternative channels for new lending, as well as on 
the further growth of its debit, credit and prepaid cards portfolio. Additionally, the Bank is focused on 
gaining market share in the card acceptance market, an area with significant perspectives in Greece due to 
the economic environment and the obligatory use of cards due to tax regulations.  Card acceptance in the 
Greek market is still low compared to the European average, therefore there is potential for further 
expansion in the penetration of card payments.  The Bank has placed great emphasis in the transformation 
of the Bank’s services towards more customer-orientated services, by adding new channels to the already 
established ones, including the promotion of the selling and servicing of cards, via digital and online 
banking (internet and mobile banking). 
Retail lending regulation in Greece was recently revised and to remain up to date with current market 
conditions, the Bank's underwriting criteria were adjusted accordingly. Risk based pricing, credit policy 
and rules are still embedded in the Bank’s underwriting systems, to safeguard the new business expansion. 
The optimisation and automation of the Bank’s lending procedures, the digitalisation of customers’ 
services and the exploitation of various cross selling initiatives, are a part of the Bank’s Transformation 
Programme towards consumer lending. 
Mortgage Lending Products 
Due to the recession, apartment prices in Greece declined for a prolonged period (from 2008 to 2017 
cumulatively by 42.0% (in nominal values) (Source: Bank of Greece Governor Report for 2017, February 
2018)), with a decelerating trend during the last two years before increasing 1.8% year-on-year in 2018. 
The recovery in the real estate market gained further momentum in 2019, with apartment prices increasing 
by 7.2% year-on-year (provisional data) (Source: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of Cunjunctural Indicators, 
November-December 2020), available at: https://www.bankofgreece.gr/Publications/sdos202011-12.pdf). 
As at 30 June 2020, the residential mortgage loan portfolio, before any allowance for impairment, was 
€13,850 million, compared to €14,318 million at 31 December 2019 and €15,590 million at 31 December 
2018. The COVID-19 pandemic slowed down economic activity and consequently mortgage lending. 
However, tax allowances for the purchase of newly built houses, combined with low-cost mortgage 
lending and prospects for further increase in real estate transactions are expected to offer an impetus in 
mortgage activity.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Since 2018, the Bank has focused on increasing its mortgage loans portfolio. At the end of 2019, new 
fixed interest rate mortgage loan products were launched, offering fixed interest rate for the entire duration 
of the loan, i.e. 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years. Recently, the range of mortgage loan products has been 
enriched with mixed interest rate options, which allows customers to choose a fixed interest rate for an 
initial duration of 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years and a floating interest rate for the remaining term of the loan. 
As part of the Bank’s Transformation Programme, the mortgage lending process redesign was completed, 
resulting in the improvement, simplification and acceleration of processes, as well as the improvement of 
customer experience. 
Small Business Lending Products 
The Small Business & Retail Lending Division (SB & RL Division) is the Unit responsible for managing 
credit provision to small businesses with annual turnover of up to €2.5 million and total exposure of up to 
€1.0 million, in accordance with the Bank’s applicable Credit & Collection policy and approved authority 
levels. It operates through three credit centres in the main urban centres (Athens, Thessaloniki and Patra), 
which handle small business loan credit applications.  
One of the main responsibilities is the development of the relative SBL products in order to offer a full 
range of financial solutions to the customers. Apart from the development of new products related to the 
standard types of loans offered by the Bank, the Unit also cooperates with national and European bodies in 
order to offer special products and financial instruments, such as COSME, EaSI, TEPIX 2. The aim of 
these programmes is to provide SMEs with the necessary support for their growth funds, while reducing: 
• 
the need for collateral (COSME and EaSI) thanks to the guarantee provided by the EFSI to the 
Bank with the support of the European Union; 
• 
the cost of financing, since a zero interest rate is applied on 40% of the loan thanks to the non-
interest-bearing portion of the financing supplied by the Entrepreneurship Fund.  
Moreover, in the context of providing relief measures for companies affected by the consequences of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, from the second half of 2020 the Bank has been offering special working capital 
financing in cooperation with the Hellenic Development Bank (“HDB”) and negotiating COVID-19 relief 
facility agreements with various European organisations and funds, including the European Investment 
Fund (“EIF”) and the European Investment Bank (“EIB”). 
The Bank is launching the COSME-covid product, a loan for working capital needs, which will have an 
increased guarantee rate compared to the existing product (up to 80%, compared to 50% for the existing 
product) in cooperation with the EIF. 
Other COVID-19 relief guaranteed programmes are expected to be launched in cooperation with EIF and 
EIB, which have the aim of reducing the need for collateral. 
Moreover, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the Bank launched the POS Financing loan to provide customers 
with working capital needs based on existing POS turnover. Additionally, as part of the Bank’s 
Transformation Programme, in the fourth quarter of 2020 the Bank implemented a fast track evaluation 
process in order to reduce decision time and improve customer experience. 
As at 31 December 2019, the domestic SBL gross outstanding portfolio amounted to €1,943 million, 
decreasing by 34.2% compared to €2,952 million at 31 December 2018, and further decreasing as at 30 
June 2020 to €1,900 million. 
Corporate and Investment Banking

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Commercial Loans 
The Group offers corporate clients a wide range of products and services, including financial and 
investment advisory services, deposit accounts, loans denominated in euro and other currencies, foreign 
exchange services, insurance products, custody arrangements and trade finance services. 
The Bank extends financing to all sectors of the economy. As at 31 December 2019, domestic commercial 
lending amounted to €14,651 million and represented 43.6% of the total domestic loan portfolio of the 
Group, compared to €15,649 million as at 31 December 2018, representing 41.4% of the total domestic 
loan portfolio of the Group. As at 30 June 2020, domestic commercial lending amounted to €15,050 
million and represented 45.2% of the total domestic loan portfolio of the Group. 
The Bank lends primarily in the form of short term credit lines and medium/long-term loans. Apart from 
financing, the Bank provides standby letters of credit and financial guarantees for its customers, which 
amounted to €3,069 million as at 30 June 2020 compared to €3,364 million as at 31 December 2019 and 
€3,641 million as at 31 December 2018. 
Corporate banking includes the following divisions: 
Large corporate: The large corporate portfolio is handled by two separate divisions with distinctly 
separate structure and clientele. One division deals with large groups and companies from €200 million 
annual turnover and above (on a consolidated basis). The other division focuses in mid-capitalisation 
companies (with €50 million to €200 million annual turnover) and other specialised categories (including 
intragroups and Greek state related entities).  
Due to intense competition and cheaper alternative funding sources pursued by companies, the large 
groups portfolio suffered increased repayments during 2019. However, by relying on the Bank’s personnel 
know-how and providing consistent support to customer need, portfolio levels were kept relatively intact. 
Furthermore, the Bank’s sectoral expertise and ability to offer tailor made solutions and coverage, led to a 
growth in several sectors, including Pharma, F&B and Hospitality. 
Structured Financing: The revamp of the Structured Financing business that commenced in 2018 
continued in 2019, including with its upgrade to a core growth arm of Corporate Investment Banking 
(CIB). Structured Financing focuses on originating, managing and executing wholesale, primarily event-
driven financings across four pillars:  
- Energy Project Finance 
- Real Estate Finance 
- Concessions Project Finance & Advisory 
- Leveraged Acquisition Finance 
Transactions are mostly executed on a non-recourse basis, either in bilateral or syndicated format, 
mobilising the team’s in-house placement capabilities. Beyond customary support of local sponsors, 
Structured Financing is particularly focused on facilitating foreign direct investment of international 
sponsors in Greece across the aforementioned financial sectors.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Through a dedicated team of 16 professionals with international structuring, financing and advisory 
background, Structured Financing represents a major budget carrier within CIB both from a net credit 
growth and a profitability perspective. In 2019, Structured Financing marked a net credit growth of 
approximately 70% year-on-year, supported by both FDI growth and increased domestic sponsors’ 
financing activity.  
SMEs: A significant increase in lending to SMEs occurred in 2019, tapping the accelerating credit 
demand of Greek businesses and providing tangible support to the Greek economy.  
This reflects the improving financial environment and the Bank’s long-term strategy to ensure a steady 
flow of liquidity to businesses that continue to invest in competitiveness and innovation. The Bank 
participated in several favourable business financing programmes in cooperation with European 
organisations, such as the EIB and the EIF.  
Shipping Finance: Greece is one of the world’s largest ship owning nations with a long standing tradition 
in shipping. Shipping has been one of the most important sectors of the Greek economy with the Bank 
being one of the key participants (including local and international banks) in Greek shipping finance, the 
activities of which are carried out almost exclusively through its dedicated Piraeus based Unit.  
The Bank has traditionally provided long-term financing, mainly to shipping companies trading in the dry 
bulk and wet bulk sectors and, to a lesser extent to liner and ferry businesses, with a consistent view to 
minimising risk and enhancing the portfolio’s profitability.  
During the course of 2019 the Bank expanded its customer base by attracting new names in the Greek 
shipping industry, primarily in the markets of dry bulk and tankers. In addition, the Bank further leveraged 
the potential of its existing, high-quality clientele, expanding already successful partnerships.  
Changes in the regulatory framework regarding the operation of vessels and environmental protection are 
still under way and are expected to impact the shipping markets over time. The Bank is closely monitoring 
the expected impact on the shipping industry from measures aimed at reducing sulphur dioxide emissions 
in force since 1 January 2020. Furthermore, the Bank is monitoring technological developments regarding 
the gradual replacement of fossil fuels with more environmentally friendly fuels for ship propulsion. 
In 2019, NBG experienced a significant growth in both new disbursements and repayments of existing 
exposures as a result of a very active second hand vessels market. 
NPE and NPL management 
The Bank has established two dedicated and independent internal units, one responsible for the 
management of the Bank’s retail loans (the Retail Collection Unit (“RCU”)) and the other for the Bank’s 
corporate delinquent exposures (the Special Assets Unit (“SAU”)). The two units have the end-to-end 
responsibility for their respective troubled asset exposures. Regarding corporate governance, the units 
report to the Troubled Assets Group General Manager, as well as to a dedicated committee (the Arrears 
and NPL Management Body), which in turn reports to the Board Risk Committee of the Group. The 
findings of the Board Risk Committee are vetted by the CRO. The Board Risk Committee’s objective is to 
oversee the NPE and NPL management strategy. Furthermore, there are tangible Group initiatives 
regarding the management of real estate, related to workout actions (auctions, foreclosures and 
repossessions) with strong involvement of the Group Real Estate Management experts and the top 
management monitoring. 
The Bank is continuously enhancing its NPL and NPE management strategies whilst augmenting its 
operational capabilities towards accomplishing the Bank’s objective of reducing its NPL and NPE stock.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Retail Collections Unit 
The RCU was established in 2010 as the independent Unit of the Bank responsible for the management of 
past due and troubled retail loans. It is a centralised function with an end-to-end responsibility for the 
management of past due loans, from the first day of delinquency all the way to the eventual write off. As 
at 30 June 2020, the retail NPE loan portfolio (bank level) under RCU management amounted to €7.1 
billion compared to €7.5 billion as at 31 December 2019, and €9.3 billion as at 31 December 2018. 
RCU’s strategy for managing delinquent retail clients is performed through a combination of channels, 
such as the internal collections centre (“ICC”), dedicated personnel in the Bank’s branch network, 
external debt collection agencies and external law firms. It makes extensive use of information 
technology, call strategy and monitoring tools in the ICC to perform rigorous collections in the early 
stages of delinquency, while outsourcing certain (typically smaller, consumer credit) cases to external 
agencies which are given incentive based remuneration. It utilises a set of key performance indicators to 
implement restructuring solutions in respect of borrowers, which involve an analysis of such factors as the 
income and living expenses of the borrower, the presence and amount of collateral and the days past due 
of the loan. Depending on the risk profile and delinquency status of the loan, the RCU determines the 
strategy in accordance with a framework that utilises analytics. Tools employed by the RCU in respect of 
restructurings include additional collateral, incentives to remain current (such as forgiveness of interest or 
capital at maturity), maturity extension, monthly payment reduction for three to six years, or partial debt 
forgiveness (split balance). In the case of late stage delinquencies, settlements may be implemented, 
which include the forgiving of off balance sheet interest as well as a percentage of capital depending on 
the collateral and duration of the repayment schedule.  
Special Assets Unit 
The Bank has established the SAU, in order to effectively manage troubled and past due corporate loans 
and have full responsibility for managing such loans. Since the first quarter of 2015, the SAU has been 
reported as a separate segment and maintains a management structure independent of other Group 
businesses. 
As at 30 June 2020, the Corporate NPE loan portfolio under SAU management amounted to €2.5 billion 
compared to € 2.7 billion as at 31 December 2019, and € 5.3 billion as at 31 December 2018.  
The SAU proposes customised loan modification and debt restructuring solutions to enterprises that are 
facing difficulties meeting their obligations and have operational and financial weaknesses. 
There is a clear prioritisation strategy per portfolio managed, based on aging, size, collateralisation levels 
and status of legal actions. The SAU assesses the creditworthiness of the borrower using analytical tools 
and metrics, taking into consideration a number of factors, including but not limited to: cooperativeness of 
the borrower, the size of exposure, the borrower’s viability and debt repayment capacity, collateral levels, 
market and competitive conditions and the industry in which it operates. Based on the results of its 
assessment, the SAU proposes customised loan modification and restructuring solutions for the 
borrowers’ loans, also taking into consideration the results of a “net present value” tool. A number of 
restructuring products and debt settlement solutions for small customers respectively are also in place. 
As at 30 June 2020, forborne exposures (forborne non-performing exposures and forborne performing 
exposures) amounting to €1.2 billion were under SAU management (31 December 2019: €1.3 billion and 
31 December 2018: €2.3 billion).  
NPE reduction targets

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
From December 2015 to December 2019, the Bank has achieved a decrease of €10.9 billion through a 
combination of write offs, sales and liquidations, amounting to €8 billion and negative NPE formation of 
€2.9 billion. NPE reduction continued in the first half of 2020, with the stock of NPEs down by €0.5 
billion. 
The NPE balance stood at €10.5 billion and €10.1 billion for the Group and the Bank, respectively as of 
June 2020. Post-COVID-19 revised targets were submitted to the SSM in September 2020 (interim 
submission) for the period from 30 June 2020 to 2022 (see below Chart 1 below). New targets will be 
submitted in March 2021 as per the regular ECB calendar. The existing plan provides for a Group NPE 
reduction of €7.3 billion by 2022 (€7.2 billion for the Bank), of which €6.2 billion expected in 2021. At 
Group level, the envisaged reduction is attributed primarily to inorganic actions (sales, securitisations and 
limited write-offs). Organic reduction contributes another €0.1 billion until 2022, incorporating the 
COVID-19 driven formation. Upon achievment of these targets, the NPE ratio is expected to be reduced to 
approximately 10% by 2022.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disposal of NPE portfolios 
As part of the implementation of the Bank’s Transformation Programme, the Bank has entered into 
definitive agreements for the disposal of the following non-performing portfolios: 
• 
On 29 July 2019, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with a 
consortium of funds (the “Consortium”) advised by affiliates of Centerbridge Partners, LLP and 
funds advised by Elliott Advisors (UK) Limited for the disposal of a portfolio of approximately 
12,800 secured non-performing SBL and SME loans (approximately 8,300 properties distributed 
across Greece) with a total principal amount of €0.9 billion (“Project Symbol”). After the closing 
of the transaction, the Consortium assigned the servicing of the portfolio to Cepal Hellas Financial 
Services S.A., which has been licensed by the Bank of Greece under Law 4354/2015. The 
consideration of the transaction is equivalent to approximately 28% of the principal amount of the 
portfolio and is capital accretive to the Bank. 
• 
On 1 August 2019, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with 
CarVal Investors, for the disposal of a portfolio of unsecured non-performing portfolio of credit 
cards, consumer loans, SBL and SMEs loans with a total principal amount of €1.2 billion 
(“Project Mirror”). The servicing of the portfolio was assigned by the investor to QQuant Master 
Servicer which has been licensed and is regulated by the Bank of Greece under Law 4354/2015. 
The consideration of the transaction amounts to more than 9% of the principal portfolio amount 
and is capital accretive to the Bank.  
CHART 1 
NPE REDUCTION TARGET FOR H2 2020-2022 (GROUP, € billion)

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
On 5 June 2020, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Bain 
Capital Credit for the disposal of a portfolio of approximately 2,800 non-performing, 
predominantly secured, corporate contracts (“Project Icon”) with total principal amount of €1.6 
billion (approximately €0.6 billion of allocated collateral value). The transaction is being 
implemented in the context of NBG’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the 
Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. The transaction concluded on 12 February 2021. 
• 
On 16 October 2020, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Bain 
Capital Credit for the disposal of a Cypriot Credit Acquiring Company (CAC Coral Ltd) which 
contains a portfolio of Cypriot-risk non-performing Corporate, SME and Retail/Consumer loans 
with a Gross Book Value (“GBV”) of approximately €325 million and approximately €200 
million of allocated collateral value (“Project Marina”). The transaction is being implemented in 
the context of NBG’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the Operational Targets 
submitted to the SSM. The closing of the transaction is subject to standard conditions precedent, 
including the approval of the transaction by the Central Bank of Cyprus, as well as the consent of 
the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund.  (See above “Other divestments - Planned divestment of 
CAC Coral Ltd”). 
On 21 December 2020, the Bank has entered into a definite agreement with Bain Capital Credit  for the 
disposal of a Romanian-risk corporate NPE portfolio (“Project Danube”) with a total Gross Book Value 
of c. €174 million (€102 million of allocated collateral value). The transaction is being implemented in the 
context of the Bank’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the Operational Targets 
submitted to the Single Supervisory Mechanism. The closing of the transaction is subject to standard 
conditions precedent, including the approval of the transaction by the Competition Council of Romania. 
The sale is expected to be completed within H1 2021.  
In addition, the Bank has launched on 21 December 2020 a large NPL securitisation transaction of over €6 
billion (“Project Frontier”). The intention is for the transaction to benefit from a state guarantee under 
the Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme (“Hercules”) and for that reason the Bank has submitted an 
application, according to the provisions of Law 4649/2019. The selection of the successful bidder and the 
completion of the transaction are expected within the first half of 2021. 
Cooperation with specialised servicers 
Οn 31 July 2018, the four systemic Greek banks (Alpha Bank, the Bank, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank) 
entered into a servicing agreement with a credit institution, doBank S.p.A., which specialises in servicing 
of NPLs. This agreement is part of the strategic framework of the Greek systemic banks, including the 
Bank, to reduce their NPEs by protecting the viability of small and medium sized enterprises and 
supporting the recovery of the Greek economy. 
As part of its ongoing efforts to optimize its NPE management strategies, the Bank expects to examine 
further cooperation opportunities with specialised servicers. 
Global Investment & Asset Management 
Treasury 
The Bank carries out its own treasury activities within the prescribed position and counterparty limits. 
These activities include: 
• 
Greek and other sovereign securities trading; 
• 
foreign exchange trading;

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
interbank lending and borrowing in euro and other currency placements and deposits; 
• 
repurchase agreements; 
• 
corporate bonds; and 
• 
derivative products, such as forward rate agreement trading, options and interest rate and currency 
swaps. 
The Treasury is active across a broad spectrum of capital market products and operations, including bonds 
and securities, interbank placements in the international money and foreign exchange markets and 
market-traded and over-the-counter financial derivatives. It supplies the branch network with value-added 
deposit products, and its client base includes institutions, large corporations, insurance funds and large 
private-sector investors. In general, the Bank enters into derivatives transactions for economic hedging 
purposes or in response to specific customer requirements. 
The Bank is active in the primary and secondary trading of Greek government securities, as well as in the 
international Eurobond market, especially EGBs, EFSF and ESM issues. The Bank is a founding member 
of the Group of Greek Government Securities Primary Dealers which was established by the Bank of 
Greece in early 1998 and of the Group of EFSF-ESM Securities Primary Dealers which was established in 
2010. 
Custodian Services 
The Bank offers custody services to domestic and foreign institutional clients, as well as to its retail 
customer base, covering the Greek and major international markets. For the coverage of international 
markets the Bank cooperates with top global custody providers and International Securities Depositaries, 
while in countries of SEE where the Bank maintains presence, regional subsidiaries act as sub-custodians 
in the region. 
Asset Management 
The Group’s domestic fund management business is operated by NBG Asset Management, which is 
wholly owned by the Group and was the first mutual fund management company to be established in 
Greece. Set up in 1972, NBG Asset Management manages private and institutional client funds, made 
available to customers through the Bank’s extensive branch network. The Company's objective is to 
achieve competitive returns in relation to domestic and international competition. 
As of 31 December 2019, total assets under management in mutual funds and discretionary asset 
management amounted to €1.5 billion, with NBG Asset Management maintaining a market share in 
mutual funds in Greece of 10.7% (Source: Hellenic Fund and Asset Management Association – report of 
31 December 2019). The number of clients serviced by NBG Asset Management are in excess of 38,000, 
including 60 Institutional investors. 
 
€ million 
2018 
2019 
Mutual Funds under management 
802 
838 
Discretionary Funds under management 
550 
688 
Total Funds under management 
1,352 
1,526 
Market Share 
13.2% 
10.7% 
The 21 mutual funds of NBG Asset Management, including four in Luxembourg, cover a wide range of 
investment categories (Equity, Bond, Balanced and Fund of Funds) in Greece and in international 
markets. Such a wide spectrum of investment products provides flexibility to investors who wish to build

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
their personal investment plan according to their investment profile and objectives through mutual fund 
portfolios with a high degree of diversification. 
In addition to mutual fund management, NBG Asset Management offers the following services for 
institutional and private investors: 
- 
Discretionary Portfolio Management Investment Services; 
- 
Advisory Services; and 
- 
Administration and Safekeeping of Undertaking Collective Investment Transferable Securities 
(UCITS) units. 
It also offers a range of financial products and services that cover the needs of: 
- 
Social Security / Pension Funds; 
- 
Insurance companies; and 
- 
Corporates. 
Brokerage 
National Securities S.A. (“NBG Securities”) was established in 1988 and constitutes the brokerage and 
investment banking arm of the Group. NBG Securities offers a wide spectrum of integrated and innovative 
investment services to both individual and institutional customers. NBG Securities aims to provide 
investment services tailored to the needs of its clients. 
The implementation of MiFID II was a milestone for the industry. For NBG Securities, MiFID II triggered 
a series of changes that included, among others, the redesign of internal governance processes, the update 
of analysis products and services, as well as the renewal of communication with clients, investors and the 
market.  
Having successfully completed a series of actions in the context of Transformation Programme, NBG 
Securities aims to enhance its competitiveness through initiatives such as:  
- 
further exploiting synergies with NBG and achieving economies of scale; 
- 
accelerating its digital transformation, focusing on alternative channels and services, including 
with the launch of an app for mobile trading and  a new web trading app. 
Other 
Group Real Estate  
NBG’s Group Real Estate has notably expanded its activities in recent years beyond its traditional role of 
property management to include the repossession and sale of foreclosed properties, assisting the Bank in 
its overall NPE reduction efforts. In this context, and in line with the Transformation Programme, a 
dedicated REO Division was established and fully staffed in 2019 for the efficient management of real 
estate assets throughout the REO life cycle, from onboarding and maturation through to 
commercialisation.  
In the second quarter of 2020, the Group’s real estate commercialisation policy was significantly modified 
and updated to allow for more efficient sales processes, portfolio transactions, direct sales, and electronic

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
tenders, in full compliance with Bank rules and regulations. The new commercialisation policy enables 
new sales strategies to accommodate higher disposal volumes, investor driven structured sales, introduces 
multiple distribution channels ranging from physical branches to digital world solutions, and allows for 
the use of real estate advisors and brokers with global, nationwide and local coverage. 
For the purpose of promoting sales of REOs and other Group properties, the Bank has activated an online 
portal (www.realestateonline.gr) to advertise properties and expedite both tenders and direct sales. For the 
first time, direct sales of assets are allowed for values below €300,000 through the online portal whilst 
assets above €300,000 are sold through electronic tenders, a 100% online competitive bidding process, 
based on transparent procedures safeguarding the Bank’s interests. All assets are promoted at sales prices 
based on the market values provided by independent valuers through the Group’s Central Valuation Unit. 
As a general trend, further fuelled by COVID-19, digital commercialisation tools have been introduced 
and fully activated to assist in the property sales process, including the cross selling of products such as 
mortgage loans.  
In 2020 Group Real Estate proceeded with the upgrading of the activities of its Central Valuation Unit, 
introducing new structures and management, updating the Valuation Policy and regulations, maintaining 
at times full alignment with European laws, regulations and valuation standards (RICS Global Standards, 
EVS Guidance). Various improvements in the areas of efficiency and quality assurance were 
implemented, whilst the external valuer network was expanded to include renowned expert firms.  The 
Unit maintains an important role within the NBG Group, being responsible for the valuation of collateral 
for the granting of new loans in addition to the timely revaluation of loan portfolio collateral, owned 
properties, and REOs. 
Global Transaction Services 
NBG Global Transaction Services Division serves all customer segments covering Large Corporations, 
SMEs, Small Businesses, Individuals and Financial Institutions, offering these products including all type 
of Collections and Payments, Letters of Credit, Letters of Guarantee, and Supply & Trade Financing. 
During 2019, Global Transaction Services (“GTS”) provided the market with approximately €2.95 billion 
of credit instruments and approximately €343 million of liquidity through Trade Financing. 
The Bank maintains a leading market share in Import and Export products by SWIFT Traffic, as well as in 
local payments. 
GTS’s investment in the new Trade Finance systems Phase 2 is under implementation. A new customer 
front-end application has also recently become available, fully integrated in internet banking and back-end 
application. Furthermore, Letters of Credit and relevant financing have been migrated in the new Trade 
Finance platform while Bonds & Guarantees implementation is on-going.   
In the context of the Bank’s strategy for improving operational efficiency and utilising GTS’ expertise, the 
centralisation of domestic letter of guarantees and Doc. Collections’ processing is in progress.   GTS has 
launched the digital certificate project, which aims to improve customer experience and offer fast track 
services.  
The Bank consistently aims to exploit and innovate structured solutions under International Trade 
Facilitation Programmes (“TFPs”), enabling Greek corporates to access alternative financing channels at 
a favourable cost. 
As a result, NBG GTS continues to gain global recognition from clients and business partners across all 
industries.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Supported by votes from industry experts, analysts, and Greek companies (Corporates & SMEs’) in the 
Euromoney Trade Finance Survey 2020, the Bank was granted two awards, for Market Leader and for 
Best Service in Greece. 
NBG GTS has also been named “Best Trade Finance Bank” for the seventh time by the internationally 
acclaimed “Global Finance” magazine. 
Swift Global Payments Innovation (“GPI”) implementation for cross-border payments is ongoing, aiming 
to offer transparency and on-time tracking. GPI upgrade is in a pre-UAT stage as an interim step of Pan 
European Instant Payments implementation.  
The GTS Trade Finance hub, set up in NBG Malta, is under development in cooperation with local 
management. Leveraging on NBG’s competitive strengths, GTS plans to engage stronger cross-unit 
partnerships, under the Bank’s transformation pillars and initiatives, to achieve increased penetration in 
existing customers’ wallet as well as target new clients improving profitability.  
Leasing  
The Bank began leasing activities in 1990 through its subsidiary, Ethniki Leasing. Ethniki Leasing leases 
land and buildings, machinery, energy parks, transport equipment, furniture and appliances, computers 
and communications equipment.  
Probank Leasing 
Probank Leasing leases land and buildings, machinery, transport equipment, furniture and appliances, 
computers and communications equipment. Since July 2013, after the acquisition from the Group, 
Probank Leasing has come to recession and gradually stopped new contracts.  
Factoring 
The Bank has been active in the provision of factoring services since 1994. In May 2009, Ethniki Factors 
was established as a wholly owned factoring subsidiary of the Bank, as part of its strategic decision to 
expand its factoring operations in Greece. Ethniki Factors offers a comprehensive range of factoring 
services to provide customers with integrated financial solutions and high quality services tailored to their 
needs. 
Investment Banking 
In 2019 and 2020, NBG’s Investment Banking Division provided advisory services focused on Mergers & 
Acquisitions and Debt and Equity Capital Markets. NBG’s roles have included acting as:  
1) Joint Coordinator & Bookrunner in relation to the €50 million Share Capital Increase by BRIQ 
Properties REIC;  
2) Sole Financial Advisor and Joint Coordinator & Bookrunner in relation to the issuance by GEK-
TERNA of a €500 million common bond loan listed on ATHEX, which is the largest relevant 
bond issue and the first in Greece since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic;  
3) Joint Coordinator & Bookrunner in relation to the issuance by LAMDA DEVELOPMENT of a 
€320 million common bond loan listed on ATHEX;  
4) Lead Underwriter in relation to the issuance by TERNA ENERGY of a €150 million common 
bond loan listed on ATHEX;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
5) Advisor to ANTKAR for the acquisition of KARATZIS’ minorities and the subsequent delisting 
from ATHEX;  
6) Financial Advisor for the provision of a Financial Report to the Board of Directors of NBG 
Pangaea REIC (now Prodea Investments REIC), pursuant to article 15 paragraph 2 of Law 
3461/2006, as in force, in relation to the mandatory tender offer made by Invel Real Estate 
(Netherlands) II B.V.; and  
Financial Advisor for the provision of a Financial Report to the Board of Directors of TITAN CEMENT 
COMPANY S.A., pursuant to article 15 paragraph 2 of Law 3461/2006, as in force, in relation to the 
voluntary tender offer made by ΤΙΤΑΝ CEMENT INTERNATIONAL S.A. 
Banking Activities outside of Greece 
As at 30 June 2020, the Bank’s international network comprised 84 branches (including foreign 
subsidiaries and Bank branches in the United Kingdom, Cairo and Cyprus), which offer traditional 
banking services and financial products and services. The Bank has two commercial banking subsidiaries 
in North Macedonia and Malta. The Bank’s banking subsidiary in Cyprus remains as non-current assets 
held for sale, as discussed in “Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
commitments - National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd” above.  
The Bank’s international operations contributed €29 million or 5.3% of net interest income of the Group 
from continuing operations and accounted for €2.7 billion or 3.6% of the Group’s total assets excluding 
non-current assets held for sale as at and for the period ended 30 June 2020. Total loans and advances to 
customers were €1.3 billion at 30 June 2020, whereas due to customer deposits amounted to €1.5 billion at 
30 June 2020. 
Discontinued operations  
The Bank’s discontinued operations and non-current assets held for sale as at 30 June 2020 comprise the 
Bank’s subsidiary in the insurance sector NIC, the Bank’s banking subsidiary in Cyprus, NBG Cyprus and 
the Bank’s credit acquiring subsidiary in Cyprus CAC Coral Ltd. 
Recent Events 
Exchange of Greek Government Bonds 
On 11 December 2020, the Bank exchanged a total nominal value of €600 million of Greek Government 
Bonds maturing in 2050 for other Greek Government Bonds of a total nominal value of €700 million 
maturing between 2033 to 2042. The exchange was carried out at market prices and resulted in a profit for 
the Bank of €193 million. 
On 18 December 2020, the Bank exchanged a total nominal value of €350 million of Greek Government 
Bonds maturing in 2050 for other Greek Government Bonds of a total nominal value of €862 million 
maturing between 2033 to 2042. The exchange was carried out at market prices and resulted in a profit for 
the Bank of €58 million. 
On 13 January 2021, the Bank exchanged a total nominal value of €1 billion of Greek Government Bonds 
maturing in 2050 for other Greek Government Bonds of a total nominal value of €2.8 billion maturing 
between 2027 to 2038. The exchange was carried out at market prices and resulted in a profit for the Bank 
of €209 million. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
NBG Auxiliary Pension Fund (LEPETE) 
Status of open litigation between the Bank and LEPETE and former employees 
On 19 March 2020, a legislative amendment (article 63, Greek Law 4680/2020) on article 24 of Greek 
Law 4618/2020 was passed. According to such amendment, the employees insured with NBG’s Auxiliary 
Pension Plan (“LEPETE”) were transferred to the former ETEAEP and are now governed by the 
legislation of the Auxiliary Insurance Plan of Single Social Security Entity (“e-EFKA”). As a result, Bank 
is liable for normal employer’s contributions (3.25% from 1 June 2019 to 31 May 2022 and 3.00% from 1 
June 2022 and onwards). The Bank is also obligated to pay an additional social security contribution to the 
Auxiliary Insurance Plan of e-EFKA for the years 2018 to 2032, amounting to 12.0% per annum of the 
gross salaries of employees with any employment relationship with the Bank on 31 December of each 
respective year. These additional annual contributions from the Bank shall be payable for the year 2018 
until 30 June 2020 and for the remaining years by the last business day of the first quarter of each 
following year. The additional contribution for the years 2019 and 2020 is offset by the additional 
contribution paid by the Bank to the former ETEAEP pursuant to Article 24 of Greek Law 4618/2019, as 
in force prior to its replacement herein. With the payment of the above additional social security 
contributions the obligation of the Bank to the Auxiliary Insurance Plan of e-EFKA as well as to any other 
third party is exhausted. 
Moreover, in December 2020, the Supreme Court issued the decisions 1238/2020 and 1239/2020 on 
appeals filed by the Bank and the opponents which were discussed on 17 December 2019. 1239/2020 
accepted the appeal of the Bank and 1238/2020 rejected the –auxiliary- appeal of the opponents. 
Legal Proceedings 
The Group is a defendant in certain claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. For 
the cases for which a provision has not been recognized, Management is unable to estimate the possible 
losses because the proceedings may last for many years, many of the proceedings are in early stages, there 
is uncertainty of the likelihood of the final result, there is uncertainty as to the outcome of the pending 
appeals and there are significant issues to be resolved. However, in the opinion of the Management, after 
consultation with its legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a 
material adverse effect on Group’s and Bank’s Statement of Financial Position, Income Statement and 
Cash Flow Statement, taking into account that as at 30 June 2020 the Group has provided for cases under 
litigation an amount of €45 million (31 December 2019: €54 million). 
Capital Requirements 
The table below sets out Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirements for the Group for 2020 and 2019:  
 
 
CET1 Capital Requirements 
Overall Capital Requirements 
 
2020 post capital 
relief measures 
2020 
2019 
2020 post 
capital relief 
measures 
2020 
2019 
Pillar 1 
4.5% 
4.5% 
4.5% 
8.0% 
8.0% 
8.0% 
Pillar 2 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
Capital Conservation Buffer 
- 
2.5% 
2.5% 
- 
2.5% 
2.5% 
O-SII Buffer 
0.5% 
0.5% 
0.25% 
0.5% 
0.5% 
0.25% 
Total 
8.0% 
10.50% 
10.25% 
11.50% 
14.00% 
13.75% 
 
 
The capital adequacy ratios for the Group and the Bank as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019 are set 
out in Note 19 to the June 2020 Interim Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus). See also “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme – The Group may not be allowed to

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets as regulatory capital or as an asset, which may 
have an adverse effect on its operating results and financial condition”. 
Internal Control System and Risk Management  
Objectives of the Internal Control System 
Aiming to safeguard the reputation and credibility of the Bank and the Group towards its shareholders, 
customers, investors and the supervisory and other independent authorities, the Board of Directors 
provides for the continuous enhancement, at Group level, of its Internal Control System (“ICS”).  
The ICS is designed to ensure effective and efficient operations, adequate identification, measurement and 
mitigation of risks through appropriately and efficiently designed internal controls, prudent conduct of 
business, sound administrative and accounting procedures, reliability of financial and non – financial 
information reported or disclosed (both internally and externally) and compliance with laws, regulations, 
supervisory requirements and the NBG Group Internal Policies, Procedures and Rules. 
The internal control process is carried out by the Board of Directors, senior management, risk 
management and other control functions, as well as by the staff within the organisation. The Bank uses 
as a reference the COSO 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework and the ICS is based on five main 
components: control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication 
as well as monitoring. The internal control process aims to create the necessary fundamentals for the 
entire organisation to contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of internal control through, for 
instance, clear definitions, assignments of roles and responsibilities and methodologies, tools and 
procedures. 
The ICS aims to achieve, among other things, the following key objectives: 
• 
Consistent implementation of the Group’s business strategy through the efficient use of 
available resources; 
• 
Pursuit of a risk-based decision-making process; 
• 
Identification of the Group’s process universe; 
• 
Identification and management of all risks undertaken, including operational risks; 
• 
Compliance with the local, European and international legal and regulatory framework that 
governs the operations of the Bank and the Group, including internal regulations, IT systems 
and code of ethics; 
• 
Adequate and efficient design as well as the effective operation of internal controls; 
• 
Completeness and reliability of data and information that are necessary for the accurate and 
timely preparation of the Bank and the Group’s published financial information and the 
presentation of reliable information regarding the Bank and the Group’s financial 
performance; 
• 
Adoption of international Corporate Governance best practices; and 
• 
Prevention and detection of any errors and irregularities that may put at risk the reputation 
and the interests of the Bank and the Group, their shareholders and customers.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
In the context of developing the business strategy and identifying the main business risks, the Board of 
Directors, with the support of its Committees, adopts appropriate policies aiming to ensure an adequate 
and effective ICS for the Bank and the Group.  
Management is responsible for the design and implementation of effective internal controls and adequate 
and efficient procedures, relevant to the range, risks and nature of the activities undertaken by the Bank 
and the Group, for identifying and assessing any ICS’s deficiencies and for undertaking the necessary 
corrective actions. Specifically, the ICS and Risk Management related activities are performed by the first 
and second line of defence. 
The roles and responsibilities with respect to risk management, compliance and internal controls are 
divided into three lines of defence, as follows: 
• 
First line of defence (“1LoD”), includes the Business and Support Functions which are responsible 
for identifying, assessing and managing the risks and compliance obligations they undertake by 
establishing and implementing adequate and efficient design of internal controls as well as monitor 
the operating effectiveness of the internal controls on a continues basis. 
• 
Second line of defence (“2LoD”), includes the various Risk and Control Functions that monitor the 
effectiveness of risk management, the compliance obligations and the adequate and efficient design 
as well as the operating effectiveness of internal controls. 
• 
Third line of defence (“3LoD”), includes the Group Internal Audit Divisions (“GIADs”) which 
perform periodic assessment, in order to evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Bank’s and 
the Group’s governance, risk management and internal control processes, as these are designed by 
the Board of Directors and Management. The Group Chief Audit Executive reports periodically on 
the GIADs’ activities to the Bank’s Board of Directors, through the Audit Committee. 
The Board of Directors and Senior Management aim to continuously enhance the ICS in order to 
minimise risks and ensure effective operations. In this context, Senior Management has made the 
following enhancements to the ICS during 2019 with the aim of further improving the coordination 
between the three lines of defence: 
• 
Establishment of the Internal Control Coordination Committee (“ICCC”) in February 2019, with the 
aim of supporting the Board of Directors, its Committees and Senior Management fostering 
coordination and cooperation among the various control functions. The ICCC is coordinated by the 
Group Chief Audit Executive and its members are the Group Chief Risk Officer, the Chief 
Compliance and Corporate Governance Officer, the Group Chief Control Officer, Head of 
Operations, Head of Operational Risk, the Chief Information Security Officer and the Head of 
Regulatory Affairs and HFSF Relations. 
The ICCC has as key objectives: 
• 
the enhancement of synergies across the three Lines of Defence; 
• 
the adoption of a common methodology framework; and 
• 
the monitoring and reporting of emerging risks. 
The ICCC convened six times during 2019 and convenes on a monthly or bi-monthly basis in 2020 and 
established multiple working groups to support key initiatives, as further detailed below:

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• Establishment of the Segment Risk and Control Officers - The Bank in its effort to strengthen the 
ICS established the role of the Segment Risk and Control Officer (“SRCO”). The SRCO reports to the 
respective business line General Manager/Assistant General Manager, is independent from the 
respective Business Units and liaises with 2LoD and 3LoD units with main responsibility to coordinate 
efforts in order to ensure that operational risks are appropriately identified and assessed, the internal 
controls are appropriately designed and operate effectively as well as to assist in further enhancing the 
risk, compliance and control awareness and culture. 
• Common Risk Taxonomy and Common Risk, Internal Control and Compliance Glossary – The 
Common risk taxonomy as well as the Common Risk, Internal Control and Compliance Glossary was 
developed and approved and are in the process of being adopted by all Bank Units.    
• Common Principles for Operational Risk and Control Assessment – The Common Principles for 
Operational Risk and Control Assessment have been developed and approved and are in the process of 
being adopted by all Bank Units, to ensure efficient monitoring of risk, compliance obligations and 
internal controls through sharing of information as well as consistent risk reporting. 
• Common Governance, Risk and Compliance (“GRC”) Platform - As part of the Board of 
Director’s and Management’s efforts to further enhance the efficiency and the effectiveness in 
operational risk management, compliance and internal control activities, the Bank has selected an 
integrated GRC platform to be used by the various risk and control functions (Operational Risk 
Management, Internal Control Function, Compliance, Information Security, Model Validation, 
Regulatory Affairs and HFSF Relations and Internal Audit). Following the GRC Platform 
implementation, the Bank will be able to: 
• 
increase the Board of Directors’ and Managements’ oversight; 
• 
further enhance the management of its risks and the relevant mitigating controls; and 
• 
provide a homogenized integrated reporting tool contributing to a holistic view of the ICS of the 
Bank and the Group.  
The implementation of the GRC Platform commenced in the second quarter of 2020 and is supported 
and closely monitored by a Steering Committee and a dedicated project team combining experts from 
all the above Risk and Control Functions. 
• Strengthening the Risk Management Function – In January 2019, a separate Group Operational 
Risk Management Division was established and in July 2019 a Group Strategic Risk Management 
Division under the Group CRO was established (see further “Risk Management - Group Risk 
Management” below.) 
• Establishment of the Group Internal Control Function (“ICF”) - In May 2019, the Group Internal 
Control Function was established, with the purpose of ensuring and enhancing the adequacy and 
efficiency of the design and the operating effectiveness of internal controls, in cooperation with the 
independent Units, defined by the regulatory framework in the context of their responsibilities. The 
ICF is responsible for: 
• 
Contributing to the establishment and enhancement of a strong and efficient internal controls 
culture and promoting control awareness within the Bank;  
• 
Developing an Internal Control Methodology for the Bank and the Group regarding roles, 
responsibilities, policies, procedures, flows of information and systems required for the 
appropriate design and the operating effectiveness of the internal controls;

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
Ongoing monitoring of the adequate and efficient design as well as the operating effectiveness of 
the internal controls; 
• 
Providing training and support to the Bank’s Units in the application of the approved Internal 
Control Methodology as well as providing specialised knowledge with respect to the internal 
controls; and 
• 
Cooperating with the Group companies and supporting their work, in the implementation of the 
Internal Control Methodology relating to the internal controls at Group level. 
The Group Internal Control Function is a member of the newly established ICCC and contributed to the 
2019 ICCC working groups as set out above.  
Management of risks relating to the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting process 
The Audit Committee, in accordance with Greek Law 4449/2017, Article 44 para. 3b, is responsible for 
the oversight of the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting and reports any improvements to ensure its 
integrity to the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the Audit Committee monitors the progress of the 
corrective actions undertaken in the context of ICS including ICFR.  
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Bank and Group financial 
statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and for such 
Internal Controls over Financial Reporting (“ICFR”) as Management determines are necessary to enable 
the preparation of such financial statements to be free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
Group Internal Audit 
The Group Internal Audit Function is an independent NBG Group wide function, which ensures that 
business operations reflect the Bank’s values and corporate culture and deliver its socially responsible 
strategy. Serving as the third line of defence, the Group Internal Audit Function provides the Board of 
Directors and the Audit Committee with independent assurance regarding the quality, adequacy and 
effectiveness of the systems and related frameworks of internal control, risk management and corporate 
governance, while protecting NBG’s Group assets and good reputation. The Group Chief Audit Executive 
(CAE) reports, functionally, to the Chairman of the NBG Audit Committee and, administratively, to the 
Chief Executive Officer of NBG and has unrestricted access to both. 
The Group Internal Audit Function, through a risk-based approach and with unrestricted access to all of 
the Group’s data and staff, covers all entities and activities of NBG Group. Through on-site audits, it 
evaluates the efficiency and efficacy of internal control, risk management and corporate governance 
systems and processes, the compliance with applicable regulatory framework and supervisory 
requirements, as well as the reliability of financial and operating information. Special focus and priority is 
placed on areas of higher risk. Executive management is responsible for ensuring that issues raised by the 
audit function are addressed within an appropriate and agreed timeframe.  
The Group Internal Audit Function and the Internal Audit Units of the Bank’s subsidiaries use: 
• 
a common audit methodology, which is in compliance with the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organisations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO 2013”) principles and the International 
Internal Auditing Standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors (“IIA”);

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
an information systems audit methodology that is based on the Control Objectives for 
Information and Related Technologies (“COBIT”) framework of the Information Systems Audit 
and Control Association (“ISACA”); and 
• 
a common web-based software platform, which allows for the effective management of the audit 
activities and provides: (i) real time monitoring of the audit function across all subsidiaries, (ii) 
information sharing among the Group’s internal auditors and (iii) standardisation of the audit 
methodology.  
Moreover, audit efficiency and effectiveness is ensured through established key performance indicators 
and internal quality reviews.  
As of 31 December 2019, the Group Internal Audit Function of the Bank employed 92 internal auditors 
with in-depth knowledge and experience in banking and audit, independent to the audited activities and 
with no involvement in the design, selection, implementation or operation of the Group’s internal controls. 
Each year, the Group Internal Audit Function prepares an annual audit plan, at Group level, ensuring 
synergies and improved coverage of audit areas. The 2019 Audit Plan covered risks related to NPE 
management, ICAAP & ILAAP processes and internal risk models, IT and cybersecurity, compliance with 
new regulations (IFRS 9, PSD II), as well as anti-fraud and continuous auditing. For 2020, the Audit Plan 
will focus, among others, on the following areas:  
• 
Corporate banking and NPE management; 
• 
ICAAP & ILAAP processes and internal risk models; 
• 
IT operations; 
• 
Business model sustainability; 
• 
Antimoney laundering (AML) and Know Your Client (KYC); and 
• 
Anti-fraud and continuous auditing. 
As required by IIA standards, the Group Internal Audit Function is periodically assessed by an external 
evaluator. The conclusion of the last quality review was that Group Internal Audit “Generally Conforms” 
(highest possible IIA rating) to the international standards for the professional practice of internal auditing 
and was benchmarked among peer organisations as a very mature audit unit with a score of 4.44/5. 
Enhanced use of technology is a strategic objective for NBG’s Internal Audit Function. During 2019, 
Group Internal Audit continued to enhance its Continuous Audit and Fraud Detection software platform, 
incorporating multiple audit scenarios run on a daily basis. The software features artificial intelligence and 
fuzzy-logic techniques and its coverage is planned to be expanded on additional business areas in the 
following years.  
Moreover, during 2019 a new enterprise Governance, Risk & Control software platform (“eGRC”) was 
selected to support the Group Internal Audit Function, as well as the Bank’s other risk and control 
functions of the second line of defence. The platform’s implementation phase commenced in the second 
quarter of 2020 and is supported and closely monitored by a project team combining experts from all 
functions involved (see above “Internal Control System and Risk Management”). 
During 2019, Group Internal Audit met its strategic goals, including audit methodology evolution (use of 
data analytics and key risk indicators, incorporation of productivity recommendations in audit reports) and

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
staff empowerment (through training, certification and career development). Furthermore, during every 
audit engagement, the follow up of all relevant open issues from external, SSM, and other regulatory 
audits has been incorporated in the Group Internal Audit’s methodology.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management Governance 
Risk management and control plays a fundamental role in the overall strategy of the Group, aiming to both 
effectively manage the risks of the organisation and to align with the legal and regulatory requirements. 
The Group aims at adopting best practices regarding risk management and governance, taking into 
account all relevant guidelines and regulatory requirements, as set by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (“BCBS”), the European Banking Authority (“EBA”), the European Central Bank (“ECB”), 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”), the Bank of Greece (“BoG”), the Hellenic Capital Market 
Commission (“HCMC”) legislation, as well as any decisions of the competent authorities supervising the 
Group’s entities. 
Group risk management at NBG has a structured and tiered approach, based on a number of governance 
bodies, internal policies and procedures, and controls framework.  
The Board of Directors bears ultimate accountability for NBG’s risk position. It signs off on the risk 
strategy and risk appetite, and monitors the effectiveness of risk governance and management advised by 
its two specialised committees: the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) and the Board Audit Committee 
(“BAC”). The Bank’s Executive Committee (“ExCo”) and other committees, supporting to the Executive 
Committee are in charge of daily management actions and steer of the business. The Group Chief Risk 
Officer (“CRO”) is a member of the Executive Committee. The CRO has direct access to the Board of 
Directors, has delegated decision making authority for executive matters over risk and leads the Risk 
Management Function. The Group Risk Management Function has specialist teams per risk type. The 
Group Risk Management Function teams conduct day-to-day risk management activities according to 
policies and procedures as approved by the BRC, the Executive Committee and other committees. The 
perimeter is based on the industry standard “Three Lines of Defence” model (see “Three Lines of 
Defence” Model in the Group’s Risk Management” below). The Group Risk Management Function 
activities are supported by underlying systems and infrastructure. Risk culture is viewed as a core 
component of effective risk management, with the tone and example set by the Board of Directors and 
Senior Management. The Bank’s objective is to establish a consistent risk culture across all Units. Hence, 
there are four layers relevant to Risk Management, all feeding upwards into the Board of Directors: 
1. 
Oversight and approval 
At the top of the organisation, the members of the Board of Directors are responsible for oversight 
and approval on the governance structures of NBG, ensuring the right frameworks and policies are in 
place to ensure the Bank can be effectively managed.  
2. 
Executive management actions & sign-off 
The executive management layer (ExCo and other executive committees) decides on management 
actions, signs off on materials produced and reported, and actively steers the Bank. 
3. 
Methodology and framework 
Procedures and methodologies are in place to guide risk management, including credit approval 
procedures, model development and validation, product assessments. 
4. 
Execution and analysis

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The execution layer is in charge of implementing the frameworks, models and policies set forth by 
the aforementioned layers, and provide the Board of Directors and the executive committees with 
relevant analyses and results to base their decisions upon. 
“Three Lines of Defence” Model in the Group’s Risk Management 
The Group’s risk management is divided into three different levels, in order to create three lines of 
defence, as follows: 
• First line: The risk taking units (e.g. credit originating departments, Treasury) are responsible for 
assessing and minimising risks for a given level of expected return by establishing and implementing 
internal rules and controls to the on-going business.  
• Second line: The Group Risk Management Function oversees, monitors, controls and quantifies risks; 
provides appropriate tools and methodologies, coordination and assistance to lines of business; 
provides input towards the measurement of risk adjusted performance across business line; 
participates in the credit approval process for the Group’s corporate banking, retail banking and 
subsidiaries portfolios; performs independent assessment of credit risk undertaking in respect of each 
portfolio and has the right of veto; proposes appropriate risk mitigation measures, supported by local 
Risk Management (for subsidiaries) and specialised units (for the Bank). Additionally, under the 
Second line: 
o The Group Compliance Function monitors regulatory compliance across the Group and ensures 
that all units meet regulatory and other compliance requirements, through monitoring, advising 
and training.  
o The Group Risk Management Function cooperates with the Business Processes Division, the 
Group Internal Control Function, the Group CyberSecurity & Data Governance Division, the 
Group Security Division and the Legal Division.  
These Divisions provide support, advice, appropriate tools and methodologies, acting as control units 
for specific subcategories of operational risk (e.g. legal risk, Information & Communication 
Technology (“ICT”) risk) as well as ensuring the Bank’s business continuity and mitigation of 
physical threats. 
• Third line: The Internal Audit function of the Group, which reports directly to the Board of Directors 
through the Audit Committee, complements the risk management framework, acting as an 
independent reviewer, focusing on the effectiveness of the risk management framework and control 
environment. 
The duties and responsibilities of all lines of defence are clearly identified and separated, and the relevant 
Units are sufficiently independent.  
Group Risk Management 
The Bank acknowledges the need for efficient risk management and has established four specialised 
Divisions and one Unit: the NBG Group Risk Control and Architecture Division (“GRCAD”), the NBG 
Group Financial and Liquidity Risk Management Division (“GFLRMD”), the NBG Group Operational 
Risk Management Division (“GORMD”), the NBG Group Strategic Risk Management Division 
(GSRM), and the Model Validation Unit (“MVU”), to properly identify, measure, analyse and manage, 
monitor and report the risks undertaken by the Group in all its business activities. These Units identify the 
risks of different portfolios and activities (including model risk), and supervise all subsidiaries operating

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
in the financial sector. All risk management units of the Group subsidiaries are coordinated by and 
adequately report to the aforementioned Divisions and Unit. 
In addition, the three Credit Divisions, which are independent of the credit granting units, are involved in 
the credit approval process for the Group’s corporate banking, retail banking and subsidiaries portfolios. 
They perform an independent assessment of the credit risk undertaking in respect of each portfolio and 
have the right of veto. Credit Units’ independence ensures an unbiased level control for credit risk 
undertaken. These Units are also responsible for developing and updating the relevant Credit Policies. 
Management of Specific Risks 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to honour its contractual 
obligations. It arises in lending activities as well as in various other activities where the Group is exposed 
to the risk of counterparty default, such as its trading, capital markets and settlement activities. Credit risk 
is the largest single risk the Group faces. The credit risk processes are conducted separately by the Bank 
and each of its subsidiaries. The credit risk procedures established by the subsidiaries are coordinated by 
the GRCAD. The Group’s internal controls implemented for the above processes include proper 
management of the credit-granting functions, periodical and timely remedial actions on deteriorating 
credits, and independent, on-going assessments of the credit risk management processes by the Group 
Internal Audit Division, covering in particular the credit risk systems/models employed by the Group. 
Additionally, the GRCAD measures and monitors credit risk on an on-going basis through documented 
credit risk policies, internal rating systems, as well as information systems and analytical techniques that 
enable measurement of credit risk inherent in all relevant activities. Thus, the Group achieves active credit 
risk management through the application of appropriate limits for exposures to a particular single or group 
of obligors, use of credit risk mitigation techniques, estimation of risk adjusted pricing for most products 
and services, and a formalised validation process, encompassing all risk rating models, conducted by the 
Bank’s independent MVU. The Group’s credit granting processes include credit-granting criteria based on 
the particular target market, the borrower or counterparty, as well as the purpose and structure of the credit 
and its source of repayment, credit limits that aggregate in comparable and meaningful manner different 
types of exposures at various levels, clearly established procedures for approving new credits as well as 
the amendment, renewal and re-financing of existing credits. 
The Group maintains on-going credit administration, measurement and monitoring processes, including 
documented credit risk policies, internal risk rating systems, information systems and analytical 
techniques that enable measurement of credit risk inherent in all relevant activities. 
The Credit Policies for the Corporate and the Retail Banking portfolios of the Bank and its subsidiaries set 
the minimum credit criteria, present the fundamental policies, procedures and guidelines for the 
identification, measurement, approval, monitoring and managing of credit risk undertaken in Corporate 
and Retail Banking Portfolios respectively, both at the Bank and Group levels. 
The Credit Policy  of the Bank is approved by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of the BRC 
following proposal by the Group CRO to the Executive Committee and the BRC , and is reviewed on an 
annual basis and revised  whenever deemed necessary and in any case  every two years. 
The Credit Policies of each subsidiary are approved by the competent local boards or committees, 
following a recommendation by the responsible officers or subsidiaries’ bodies, according to the decisions 
of the Bank and the provisions of the Credit Policies. Each proposal must bear the prior consent of the 
Group Chief Credit Officer (“CCO”), or the Head of NBG’s Group Retail Credit Division, or the Head of 
NBG’s Group International Credit Division, depending on the portfolio, in cooperation with the Head of 
NBG’s Group Risk Control and Architecture Division for issues falling under their responsibility. The

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
subsidiaries’ Credit Policies are reviewed on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary and 
in any case every two years. 
Through the application of the Retail Banking Credit Policy, the evaluation and estimation of credit risk, 
for new as well as for existing products, are effectively facilitated. NBG’s Senior Management is regularly 
informed on all aspects regarding the Credit Policy. Remedial action plans are set to resolve the issues, 
whenever necessary, within the risk appetite and strategic orientation of the Bank. The Bank’s Retail 
Banking Credit Policy is approved and can be amended or revised by the Board of Directors  following 
recommendation from the BRC and is subject of periodic revision. Retail Banking Credit Policy is 
reviewed on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary and in any case every two years.  
All approved policy changes are incorporated in the Policy Manual. 
Concentration Risk 
The Bank manages the extension of credit, controls its exposure to credit risk and ensures its regulatory 
compliance based on an internal limits system. The GRCAD is responsible for limits setting, limits 
monitoring and regulatory compliance. 
One of the most significant types of credit risk for the Group is Concentration Risk. The fundamental 
instruments for controlling Corporate Portfolio concentration are obligor limits (which reflect the 
maximum permitted level of exposure for a specific obligor, given his or her risk rating) and sector limits 
that set the maximum allowed level of exposure for any specific industry of the economy; industries are 
classified in groups.  Sector limits constitute part of the Bank’s Risk Appetite Framework and are revised 
at least annually. Excesses of the Industry Concentration Limits should be approved by the Board Risk 
Committee following a proposal of the General Manager of Group Risk Management (“Chief Risk 
Officer”). Any risk exposure in excess of the authorized internal obligor limits must be approved by a 
Credit Approving Body of a higher level, based on the Credit Approval Authorities as presented in the 
Corporate Credit Policy. Both obligor limits and sector limits are subject to BRC approval on an annual 
basis.   
Credit risk concentration arising from a large exposure to a counterparty or group of connected clients 
whose probability of default depends on common risk factors is also monitored, according to the Large 
Exposures and Large Debtors reporting framework. 
Finally, within the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process, the Bank has adopted a methodology 
to measure the risk arising from concentration to economic sectors (sectoral concentration) and to 
individual companies (name concentration). 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse movements in 
interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, and their levels of volatility. The Group 
engages in moderate trading activities in order to enhance profitability and service its clients. These 
trading activities create market risk, which the Group seeks to identify, estimate, monitor and manage 
effectively through a framework of principles, measurement processes and a valid set of limits that apply 
to all of the Group’s transactions. The most significant types of market risk for the Group are interest rate, 
equity and foreign exchange risk. 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk related to the potential loss on the Group’s portfolio due to adverse movements 
in interest rates. A principal source of interest rate risk exposure arises from the interest rate, over-the-
counter (“OTC”) and exchange traded, derivative transactions as well as from the trading and the held to 
collect and sell (“HTCS”) bond portfolios.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The most significant contributor to market risk in the Group is the Bank. More specifically, NBG 
maintains a portfolio of vanilla interest rate OTC transactions, mainly for hedging purposes and holds a 
limited directional position for proprietary trading. Additionally, the Bank retains positions in exchange 
traded bond and IR futures, mainly as a means of hedging and to a lesser extent for speculative purposes. 
Finally, the Bank retains a portfolio of Greek T-Bills and government bonds and other EU sovereign debt, 
EFSF bonds, as well as moderate positions in Greek and international corporate issues. 
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk related to the potential loss due to adverse movements in the prices of stocks and 
equity indices. The Group holds a limited portfolio of stocks, the majority of which are traded on the 
ATHEX and retains positions in stock and equity index derivatives traded on the ATHEX, as well as, on 
international exchanges. The cash portfolio comprises of trading (i.e. short-term) and held to collect and 
sell (i.e. long-term) positions. The portfolio of equity derivatives is mainly used for hedging the equity 
risk that stems from the equity-linked products offered to clients and to a lesser extent for proprietary 
trading. 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk related to the potential loss due to adverse movements in foreign 
exchange rates. The Open Currency Position (“OCP”) of the Bank primarily arises from foreign exchange 
spot and forward transactions. The OCP is distinguished between trading and structural. The structural 
OCP contains all of the Bank’s assets and liabilities in foreign currency (for example loans, deposits, etc.), 
along with the foreign exchange transactions performed by the Treasury Division. Apart from the Bank, 
the foreign exchange risk undertaken by the rest of the Group’s subsidiaries is insignificant. 
The Group trades in all major currencies, holding mainly short term positions for trading purposes and for 
servicing its institutional/corporate, domestic and international clientele. According to the Bank’s policy, 
the OCP should remain within the limits set by the Treasury Division and the GFLRMD at the end of each 
trading day. The same policy applies to all of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Market risk on trading and held to collect and sell —Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) 
The Bank uses market risk models and specific processes to assess and quantify the portfolio’s market 
risk, based on best practice and industry-wide accepted risk metrics. More specifically, the Bank estimates 
the market risk of its trading and HTCS portfolios using the VaR methodology. This has been 
implemented in the Bank’s risk platform which is RiskWatch by Algorithmics (currently SS&C). In 
particular, the Bank has adopted the variance-covariance (“VCV”) methodology, with a 99% confidence 
interval and a 1-day holding period. The VaR is calculated on a daily basis for the Bank’s trading and 
HTCS portfolios, along with the VaR per risk type (interest rate, equity and foreign exchange risk). The 
VaR estimates are used internally as a risk management tool, as well as for regulatory purposes. The 
GFLRMD calculates the VaR of the Bank’s trading and HTCS portfolios, for internal use, on a daily 
basis, using the latest 75 exponentially weighted daily observations to construct the VCV matrices. For 
regulatory purposes, the calculations apply only on the trading portfolio and the VCV matrices are based 
on 252, equally weighted, daily observations. The risk factors relevant to the financial products in the 
Bank’s portfolio are interest rates, equity indices, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. 
Additionally, the GFLRMD calculates the stressed VaR (“sVaR”) of the Bank’s trading portfolio, which 
is defined as the VaR, where model inputs are calibrated to historical data from a continuous 1-year period 
of significant financial stress, relevant to the Bank’s portfolio. The relevant VCV matrices are identified 
over a 10-year period, starting on January 2008. Similarly to VaR, the Bank calculates sVaR on a daily 
basis, using a 1-day holding period and 99% confidence level. Finally, the GFLRMD calculates the VaR 
of the Bank’s portfolios by applying the historical simulation approach, for comparative purposes.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Bank has also established a framework of VaR limits in order to control and manage the risks to 
which it is exposed in a more efficient way. These limits are based on the Bank’s Risk Appetite, as 
outlined in the  Bank’s Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”), the anticipated profitability of the Treasury, as 
well as on the level of the Bank’s own funds (capital budgeting), in the context of the Group strategy. The 
VaR limits refer not only to specific types of market risk, such as interest rate, foreign exchange and 
equity, but also to the overall market risk of the Bank’s trading and available-for-sale portfolios taking 
into account the respective diversification between portfolios. Moreover, the same set of limits are used to 
monitor and manage risk levels on the regulatory trading book, on an overall basis and per risk type, since 
this is the aggregation level relevant for the calculation of the own funds requirements for market risk, 
under the Internal Model Approach (pursuant to Title IV, Chapter 5 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation). 
The operation of the market risk management Unit as a whole, including the VaR calculation framework, 
have been thoroughly reviewed and approved by the Bank of Greece, as well as by external advisors. 
Also, the Internal Audit assesses the effectiveness of the relevant internal controls on a regular basis. 
Moreover, the adequacy of the market risk management framework as well as the appropriateness of the 
VaR model used for the calculation of the Bank’s capital requirements, were successfully reassessed in the 
context of the Market Risk TRIM, performed by the ECB. The successful completion of the TRIM 
assured the use of the Bank’s internal model for the calculation of own funds requirements for market risk.  
The Bank is mostly exposed to interest rate risk, which is quantified through interest rate VaR. The 
evolution of the interest rate VaR depends on the sensitivity of the Bank’s trading and HTCS portfolios to 
key risk factors, namely the euro swap rates and the respective government yields, as well as on the level 
of their volatilities. 
Within the first six months of 2020, the VaR of the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios was mainly 
affected by the evolution of the volatilities of the Greek sovereign yields. In particular,  near the end of the 
first quarter of 2020, the outbreak of the COVID-19 crisis led to the sharp increase of the Greek sovereign 
yields and thus to significantly higher volatility levels, which in turn caused the VaR to hike. However, 
during the second quarter of the year, the VaR of the Trading and HTCS portfolios gradually decreased, in 
line with the receding of the volatilities of the Greek sovereign yields. By the end of June 2020, the VaR 
had reverted back to the levels of the pre-COVID-19 period. 
Back-testing 
The Bank performs back-testing on a daily basis, in order to verify the predictive power of the VaR 
model. In accordance with the guidelines set out in the Capital Requirements Regulation 575/2013, the 
calculations only refer to the Bank’s trading portfolio and involve the comparison of the hypothetical and 
actual daily gains/losses of the portfolio with the respective estimates of the VaR model used for 
regulatory purposes. The hypothetical gains/losses is the change in the value of the portfolio between days 
t and t+1, assuming that the portfolio remains the same between the two days. In the same context, the 
actual gains/losses is the change in the value of the portfolio between days t and t+1, including all the 
transactions that took place in day t+1, excluding fees, commissions and net interest income. 
Any excess of the hypothetical/actual losses over the VaR estimate is reported to the regulatory authorities 
within five business days. During the first six months of 2020, there was only one case in which the back-
testing result exceeded the respective VaR calculation. 
Stress Testing 
The VaR model is based on certain theoretical assumptions, which do not fully capture the potential 
bigger movements known as “tail events” in the markets.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
To enhance the predictability of the Bank’s VaR model and minimise the effect of the aforementioned 
limitations, the Bank performs stress testing on a weekly basis. The aim of stress testing is to evaluate the 
gains or losses that may occur under extreme market conditions and applies on both trading and held to 
collect and sell portfolios.  
Counterparty Credit Risk 
Counterparty credit risk for the Group stems from OTC derivative and other interbank secured and 
unsecured funding transactions, as well as commercial transactions and is due to the potential failure of a 
counterparty to meet its contractual obligations. 
For the efficient management of counterparty credit risk, the Bank has established a framework of 
counterparty limits. The GFLRMD is responsible for setting these limits and monitoring the respective 
exposures. 
Counterparty limits are based on the credit rating of the financial institutions as well as the product type. 
The credit ratings are provided by internationally recognized rating agencies, in particular by Moody’s 
and S&P. According to the Bank’s policy, if the agencies diverge on the creditworthiness of a financial 
institution, the lowest credit rating is considered. 
Counterparty limits apply to all financial instruments in which the Treasury is active in the interbank 
market. The Bank is also active in international trade finance; therefore a limit framework is in place for 
the efficient management of counterparty credit risk arising from funded commercial transactions. The 
limits framework is revised according to the business needs of the Bank and the prevailing conditions in 
international and domestic financial markets. A similar limit structure for the management of counterparty 
credit risk applies across all of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
The estimation of the exposure to each counterparty depends on the type of the financial product. In the 
case of money market placements and commercial transactions, exposure is equal to the face amount of 
the transaction. In OTC transactions, exposure is calculated based on Credit Equivalent Factors, according 
to the type of transaction, its maturity, netting and collateralisation. 
The Group seeks to reduce counterparty credit risk by standardising its transactions with counterparties 
through International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) and Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (“GMRA”) contracts, which encompass all necessary netting and margining clauses. 
Additionally, for almost all active counterparties, Credit Support Annexes (“CSAs”) have been signed, so 
that net current exposures are managed through margin accounts on a daily basis, by exchanging cash or 
debt securities as collateral, thus minimising counterparty credit risk. 
The Group avoids taking positions on derivative contracts where the values of the underlying assets are 
highly correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty (wrong-way-risk). 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (“IRRBB”)is the current or prospective risk to earnings (net interest 
income) and capital due to adverse movements in interest rates affecting the banking book positions. 
Exposure to interest rate risk in the banking book arises from re-pricing mismatches between assets and 
liabilities. The Group’s banking book consists mainly of loans and advances to customers, cash and 
balances with central banks, due from banks, securities measured at amortised cost and FVTOCI, due to 
customers, due to banks, debt securities in issue and other borrowed funds that are measured at amortised 
cost. The Group maintains adequate measurement, monitoring, and control functions for interest rate risk 
in the banking book, including:

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
measurement systems of interest rate risk that capture all material sources of interest rate risk and 
that assess the effect of interest rate changes in ways that are consistent with the scope of the 
Group’s activities. The Group has recently upgraded its measurement capabilities in this area, 
through the implementation of a new IRRBB calculation engine; 
• 
measurement of vulnerability to loss under stressful market conditions; 
• 
processes and information systems for measuring, monitoring, controlling, and reporting interest 
rate risk exposures in the banking book; and 
• 
a documented policy regarding the management of interest rate risk in the banking book. 
IRRBB is measured, monitored and controlled by the Risk Management function (GFLRMD), based 
on the Group’s established risk appetite framework. Specifically, GFLRMD calculates a number of risk 
metrics for the purpose of monitoring and controlling IRRBB: 
• 
Net Interest Income (“NII”) sensitivity, a measure of the effect of interest rate changes to the 
Group’s expected interest earnings. NII sensitivity measures changes to interest income 
under varying interest rate scenarios over a one-year horizon and assuming a constant 
balance sheet over this period. Its main purpose is to measure the vulnerability of the Group’s 
profitability to changing interest rates conditions; and 
• 
Economic Value of Equity (“EVE”) Sensitivity, a measure of the change of the net present 
value of the balance sheet due to adverse interest rate changes. EVE Sensitivity is calculated 
on the entire balance sheet under a run-off assumption, i.e., no replenishment of matured 
transactions. 
Both metrics are used in establishing the Group’s IRRBB capital requirements. 
Country Risk 
Country risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital, caused by events in a particular 
country which are at least to some extent under the control of the government but definitely not under the 
control of a private enterprise or individual. The main categories of country risk consist of sovereign risk, 
convertibility risk and transfer risk. Sovereign risk stems from a foreign government’s lack of capacity 
and/or willingness to repay its debt or other obligations. Convertibility and transfer risk arise when a 
borrower is unable to convert funds from local to foreign currency in order to repay external obligations. 
Therefore, country risk refers to all cross-border transactions, either with a central government, or with a 
financial institution, a corporate or a retail client. 
The on and off balance sheet items which potentially entail country risk are the following: 
• 
participation in the equity of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in other countries; 
• 
interbank secured and unsecured placements and the risk that arises from OTC transactions, with 
financial institutions which operate abroad; 
• 
loans to corporations or financial institutions that operate abroad, positions in corporate bonds and 
cross-border project finance loans; 
• 
funded and unfunded commercial transactions with foreign counterparties; and 
• 
holdings of foreign sovereign debt.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
In this context, the Bank’s exposure to country risk arises from the participation in the Group’s 
subsidiaries operating abroad, the Bank’s holdings in foreign sovereign bonds and cross border activities 
in the form of interbank/commercial transactions and corporate lending. 
GFLRMD monitors country risk exposure on a daily basis, mainly focusing on the countries where the 
Group has presence. Country risk has been decreasing in recent years, as the Bank is divesting 
international subsidiaries in accordance with its Restructuring Plan. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from the 
institution’s inability to meet its liabilities when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses.  
It reflects the potential mismatch between incoming and outgoing payments, taking into account 
unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly high outflows (withdrawal/call 
risk). Liquidity risk involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding of the portfolio of 
assets at appropriate maturities and rates, and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely 
manner and on reasonable terms. 
The Bank’s executive and senior management has the responsibility to implement the liquidity risk 
strategy approved by the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) and to develop the policies, methodologies and 
procedures for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling liquidity risk, consistent with the nature 
and complexity of the relevant activities. The Bank’s executive and senior management is informed about 
current liquidity risk exposures, on a daily basis, ensuring that the Group’s liquidity-risk profile stays 
within the approved levels.  
In addition, top management receives, on a daily basis, a liquidity report which presents a detailed 
analysis of the Group’s funding sources, counterbalancing capacity, cost of funding and other liquidity 
metrics related to the RAF, Recovery Plan and Contingency Funding Plan. Moreover, the Asset Liability 
Committee (“ALCO”) monitors the gap in maturities between assets and liabilities, as well as the Bank’s 
funding requirements based on various assumptions, including conditions that might have an adverse 
impact on the Bank’s ability to liquidate investments and trading positions and its ability to access the 
capital markets. On a long-term perspective, the Loans-to-Deposits ratio is monitored. This ratio stood at 
63.75% and 64.5% as of 30 June 2020, on a domestic (Greece) and on a Group level, respectively. 
Since liquidity risk management seeks to ensure that the respective risk of the Group is measured properly 
and is maintained within acceptable levels then, even under adverse conditions, the Group must have 
access to funds necessary to cover customer needs, maturing liabilities and other capital needs, while 
simultaneously maintaining the appropriate counterbalancing capacity to ensure the above. In addition to 
the Bank’s liquidity buffer, the rest of the Group’s subsidiaries maintain an adequate liquidity buffer, well 
above 10% of their total deposits, which ensures their funding self-sufficiency in case of a local crisis. 
The Bank’s principal sources of liquidity are its deposit base, Eurosystem funding currently via the MROs 
and the TLTROs with ECB and repos with major foreign Financial Institutions (“FIs”). ECB funding and 
repos with FIs are collateralised mainly by high quality liquid assets, such as, EU sovereign bonds, Greek 
government bonds and T-Bills, as well as by other assets, such as highly rated corporate loans and covered 
bonds issued by the Bank.  
NBG’s liquidity position has been, and continues to be, tested in real stressed conditions during the 
COVID-19 crisis. The stability of the Bank’s funding sources, combined with the level of its liquidity 
buffer which stood at €15.2 billion (cash value) as at 30 September 2020, and LCR and NSFR ratios well 
above 100%, further underpin the quality, as well as the resilience of the Bank’s overall liquidity profile. 
The improved funding structure is marked by the inflow of stable retail deposits, the increase of stable 
long-term funding through the cheaper TLTRO III ECB refinancing operations and full access to the 
secured interbank markets. Moreover, LCR and NSFR, as well as the Bank’s liquidity buffer currently

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
stand at the highest historical levels while cost of funding has significantly decreased to a historically low 
level. 
Insurance risk 
The insurance policies issued by the Group carry a degree of risk. The risk under any insurance policy is 
the possibility of the insured event resulting in a claim. By the very nature of an insurance policy, risk is 
based on fortuity and is therefore unpredictable. 
The principal risk that the Group may face under its insurance policies is that the actual claims and benefit 
payments or the timing thereof, differ from expectations. This could occur because the frequency or 
severity of claims is greater than estimated. Depending on the insurance product, this risk is influenced by 
macroeconomic changes, changes in customer behaviour, changes in public health, pandemics and 
catastrophic events such as earthquakes, industrial disasters, fires, riots or terrorism. 
The above risk exposure is mitigated by diversification across a large portfolio of insurance policies. The 
variability of risks is also improved by the careful selection and implementation of the Group’s 
underwriting policy, reinsurance strategy and internal guidelines, within an overall risk management 
framework. Pricing is based on assumptions and statistics and the Group’s empirical data, taking into 
consideration current trends and market conditions. 
Reinsurance arrangements include proportional, optional facultative, excess of loss and catastrophe 
coverage. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk (“OR”) is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people 
and systems or from external events. OR includes legal risk, but excludes strategic and business risk and 
also takes into consideration the reputational impact of OR. 
Operational risk is inherent to all products/services, activities, processes and systems and is generated in 
all business and support areas.  
The main subcategories of OR are: Legal risk, Compliance risk, Conduct risk, Information & 
Communication Technology (“ICT”) risk and Model risk. 
NBG has established a sound Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”), consistent with best 
practices and compliant with regulatory requirements and internal governance policies. ORMF is aligned 
with the NBG Group Risk Appetite Framework and aims to facilitate a more informed risk decision-
making process, resulting in the optimum handling of operational risk. 
The ORMF governance structure is based on the three lines of defence (“LoD”) model placing particular 
emphasis on the role of the first line of defence, the Business Units that are responsible and accountable 
for directly identifying, assessing, controlling and mitigating operational risk within their business 
activities in compliance with the Bank’s standards and policies. 
Operational risk management is integrated into the day-to-day business, adding value to the organisation 
by applying a proactive approach. A series of techniques and tools have been defined by the Group in 
order to identify, measure and assess operational risk. The key components of the ORMF are the 
following: 
• 
The Risks and Controls Self-Assessment (“RCSA”) process; it is a recurring, forward looking 
process performed at least on an annual basis aiming at the identification and assessment of the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
operational risks faced by the Group. The scope of RCSA extends to all business lines, thereby to 
all business, support or specialized Units; 
• 
The Internal Events Management process; NBG requires accurate and timely knowledge of 
operational risk related internal events and has therefore established an appropriate event 
management process that covers the event life cycle, comprising the event identification, 
categorization, analysis, on-going management, remediation actions and reporting; 
• 
The Key Risk Indicators definition and monitoring process; NBG defines Key Risk Indicator as 
(“KRI”) any simple or combined data variable, which allows the assessment of a situation 
exposing the Bank to operational risk, as well as its trend, by monitoring/comparing its values 
over time. Therefore, KRIs are metrics providing early warning signs detecting potential risks and 
vulnerabilities in the activities of the Bank; 
• 
The Scenario Analysis process; NBG defines Risk Scenario the creation of a potential event or 
consequence of events that expose the organisation to significant operational risks and can lead to 
severe operational losses. Scenario Analysis is the process that reveals all the long term exposures 
to major and unusual operational risks which can have substantial negative impacts on the 
organization’s profitability and reputation; 
• 
The Training Initiatives and Risk Culture awareness actions; Group Operational Risk 
Management Division designs and implements training programmes on operational risk and the 
ORMF, the use and implementation of programmes, methods and systems as well as other actions 
aiming at knowledge sharing and the establishment of OpRisk culture Group-wide.  
All of the above improve the control environment and strengthen the Group’s OR culture, while 
generating a positive reputational impact. 
In 2019, the Group Operational Risk Management Unit was established as a separate division, with 
responsibility to: 
• 
Establish, oversee, support and continuously update and improve the ORMF; 
• 
Ensure the development of policies, methods and systems for the identification, measurement and 
monitoring of operational risks and their periodic assessment and validation; and 
Continuously monitor and review the Group operational risk profile and report to Senior Management and 
the Supervisory Authorities.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors of the Bank 
The Bank is managed by the Board of Directors (the “Board”), which is responsible for ensuring strategic 
direction, management supervision and adequate control of the Bank, with the ultimate goal of increasing 
the long-term value of the Bank and protecting the corporate interest at large, in compliance with the 
current legislation and regulatory framework, including the provisions of the Amended Relationship 
Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF and the obligations of the Bank towards the 
Monitoring Trustee. 
The Board’s tasks, key responsibilities and authorities are set out in Greek Law 4548/2018, Greek Law 
4261/2014, EU Regulation 468/2014, Greek Law 3016/20021, Greek Law 3864/2010, as each time in 
force, and the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF and in the Bank’s 
Articles of Association and in its Corporate Governance Code. 
The business address of each Board of Directors and Executive members is: 86 Eolou Street, 10559 
Athens, Greece.    
Appointment of Directors and Operation of the Board 
The members of the Board are elected by the Bank’s General Meeting of Shareholders for a term that 
cannot exceed three years and ends at the ordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders in the year in 
which such term expires. Uneven terms of office may be provisioned for each Director, insofar as this is 
prescribed by the current legal and regulatory framework. All members can be re elected. The General 
Meeting of Shareholders determines each time the exact number of the members of the Board and its 
independent members. 
A HFSF representative also participates in the Bank’s Board, in line with Greek Law 3864/2010, as in 
force. In accordance with the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the 
HFSF, signed in December 2015, the HFSF is also entitled to the appointment of an observer without 
voting rights (the “HFSF Observer”). 
Furthermore, until 22 July 2016, pursuant to the Bank’s participation in the Hellenic Republic Bank 
Support Plan Greek Law 3723/2008, the Hellenic Republic had the right to participate in the Board 
through the appointment of a representative. As the Bank no longer benefits from any support under the 
Hellenic Republic’s Bank Support Plan, the Bank is no longer subject to the provisions of Greek Law 
3723/2008 and the representation of the Hellenic Republic on the Bank’s Board has been ceased. 
In June 2017, an Employees’ representative was appointed as observer in the Board (the “Observer 
Employee Representative”) with all rights of a board member except voting rights. The Observer 
Employee Representative has consultation rights on the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee 
agenda, monthly access to the Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee to discuss 
proposals or matters of concern and the right to address the Human Resources and Remuneration 
Committee on request. 
Moreover, in July 2019, following the election of new members on the Bank’s Board of Directors by the 
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, the Bank’s Board of Directors appointed, from among its 
independent non-executive members, a Senior Independent Director. The Senior Independent Director’s 
 
1 It is noted that, on 17 July 2020, Greek Law 4706/2020 was published on Greek Government Gazette including, among others, corporate 
governance provisions which, upon their entry into force, will repeal and replace those of Law 3016/2002. The new corporate governance 
provisions will enter into force 12 months after the aforementioned publication.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
duties are (indicatively) to: act as a sounding board for the Chairman and serve as an intermediary for the 
other Directors; be a key point of contact for shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders along with 
the Chair of the Board; coordinate the non-executive Board members, and discuss with other Directors 
issues on which the Chairman might have a conflict of interest and acting as intermediary between 
Directors and the Chairman, as necessary; act as a facilitator, to facilitate and improve relations with 
shareholders and to assist in the resolution of conflict in case of crisis or in case of dispute, as for instance: 
i) there is a dispute between the Chair and Chief Executive Officer; ii) shareholders or non-executive 
directors have expressed concerns that are not being addressed by the Chair or the Chief Executive 
Officer; iii) the relationship between the Chair and Chief Executive Officer is particularly close; and lead 
the annual evaluation of the Chairman according to the Bank’s Board Evaluation Policy. 
Responsibilities of the Board 
Among other matters, the Board is responsible for: 
 
• 
reviewing and approving the strategic direction of the Bank and the Group, including the business 
plan, the annual budget and the key strategic decisions as well as providing guidance to the Bank’s 
and the Group’s Management; 
• 
reviewing the Group’s corporate structure, monitoring its embedded risks and ensuring the 
cohesiveness and effectiveness of the Group’s corporate governance system; 
• 
acquiring shareholdings in other banks in Greece or abroad, or divestment thereof; 
• 
establishing branches, agencies, and representation offices in Greece and abroad; 
• 
establishing associations and foundations under Article 108 and participating in companies falling 
under Article 784 of the Greek Civil Code; 
• 
approving the Bank’s internal labour regulations; 
• 
nominating General Managers and other executives of the Bank, as appropriate in line with the 
applicable framework and accordingly following proposals by the Bank’s responsible bodies; 
• 
reviewing and approving the Group and the Bank’s annual and interim financial report; 
• 
issuing Bonds of any type, with the exception of those for which the Bank’s General Meeting is 
exclusively responsible in accordance with the Greek Law; 
• 
approving and reviewing a Code of Ethics for the employees of the Bank and the Group and the 
Code of Ethics for financial professionals; 
• 
approving the Bank’s and the Group’s corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) Policy; and 
• 
approving and reviewing the Group Remuneration Policy upon decision of its non-executive 
members, following recommendation by the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee of 
the Board. 
Moreover, pursuant to article 10 of Greek Law 3864/2010 (the “HFSF Law”), both as in force, as well as 
according to the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement entered into with the HFSF, the 
representative of the HFSF may, inter alia, veto the decision making process of the Board in relation to 
dividend allocation and remuneration of the Chairman of the Board and Board members, the Chief

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers as well as the General Managers and their 
substitutes.  
The Bank’s Board is supported by six Board Committees, which have been established and operate for 
this purpose, namely the Strategy and Transformation Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Audit 
Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, the Human Resources and 
Remuneration Committee and the Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee. The Board Committees 
operate in accordance with their applicable legislation and regulatory framework applicable in each case, 
including, where applicable, the provisions of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between 
the Bank and the HFSF and the obligations of the Bank towards the Monitoring Trustee. (See “Board 
Committees” below) 
Board Structure 
Pursuant to Greek Law 3864/2010 and the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between the 
Bank and the HFSF, the HFSF participates in the Board through the appointment of a representative (the 
HFSF Observer, as described above). As notified to the Bank by HFSF's Letter dated 23 July 2018, the 
duties of the HFSF's Representative, in the context of Law 3864/2010, are exercised by Mr Periklis 
Drougkas. The HFSF representative is entitled to participate in Board Committees and committees which 
do not solely comprise executive members, and has the rights and authorities prescribed by Greek Law 
3864/2010 as in force and the Relationship Framework Agreement between the National Bank of Greece 
and the HFSF. 
In the context of overseeing the implementation of the restructuring plan of the banking sector, and 
specifically, the implementation of any other commitments undertaken by the Greek Government relating 
to the Bank’s operations, Grant Thornton has been appointed as “Monitoring Trustee” with a view to 
ensuring compliance of the Bank with the aforesaid commitments. (See also below “Monitoring Trustee” 
and “The Issuer – History and Development of the Group – Revised Restructuring Plan as approved by 
the Directorate General for Competition on 10 May 2019 (the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan)”). The 
Monitoring Trustee is entitled to participate as an observer in meetings of the Board and certain 
Board/Executive Committees and has full access to any of the Bank’s records including board minutes. 
Moreover, in June 2017, the Observer Employee Representative was appointed as observer in the Board 
with all rights of a board member except voting rights. The Observer Employee Representative has 
consultation rights on the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee’s agenda, monthly access to 
the Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee to discuss proposals or matters of 
concern and the right to address the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee on request. 
Furthermore, in July 2019, the Bank’s Board of Directors appointed, from among its independent non-
executive members, a Senior Independent Director. The Senior Independent Director’s duties are 
(indicatively) to: act as a sounding board for the Chairman and serve as an intermediary for the other 
Directors; be a key point of contact for shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders along with the 
Chair of the Board; coordinate the non-executive Board members, and discuss with other Directors issues 
on which the Chairman might have a conflict of interest and acting as intermediary between Directors and 
the Chairman, as necessary; act as a facilitator, to facilitate and improve relations with shareholders and to 
assist in the resolution of conflict in case of crisis or in case of dispute, as for instance: i) there is a dispute 
between the Chair and Chief Executive Officer; ii) shareholders or non-executive directors have expressed 
concerns that are not being addressed by the Chair or the Chief Executive Officer; iii) the relationship 
between the Chair and Chief Executive Officer is particularly close; and lead the annual evaluation of the 
Chairman according to the Bank’s Board Evaluation Policy. 
The following table sets forth the current Board:

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Name 
Position in Board 
Start of 
Term* 
End of 
Term 
Profession/ 
Main Expertise, 
Experience 
Principal 
activities 
performed outside of 
NBG 
Board of Directors of the Bank 
 
 
 
 
 
Costas 
Michaelides 
 
Chair 
(Non-executive 
Member) 
 
26 July 2018 
 
2021 
 
Chair of the 
Board 
 
- 
 
Executive members 
 
 
 
 
 
Pavlos 
Mylonas
 
 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
26 July 2018 
 
 
 
2021 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
- 
 
Christina 
Theofilidi 
 
Executive Member 
 
31 July 2019 
 
2021 
 
Executive Board 
Member 
- 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive  
Members 
 
 
 
 
 
Gikas 
Hardouvelis 
Senior Independent 
Director 
31 July 2019 
2021 
Professor/ 
Economist/Risk, 
Strategy and 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Professor, Department 
of 
Banking 
and 
Financial Management 
at the University of 
Piraeus, 
First 
Vice 
President of the Board 
of 
Directors 
and 
member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committee 
of the Foundation of 
Economic 
and 
Industrial 
Research 
(IOBE), participation in 
the Board of Directors 
of 
the 
Multinational 
Finance 
Society, 
participation 
in 
the 
Board of Trustees of 
Anatolia 
College, 
Member 
of 
the 
Academic Council of 
Cyprus 
International 
Institute 
of 
Management 
and 
Research Fellow at the 
Centre for Economic 
Policy 
Research, 
London

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Matthieu Kiss Member 
18 December 
2020 
2021 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art.10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as 
in 
force, 
Audit experience  
Member of the Board at 
HSBC 
Asset 
Management 
France 
and Member of the 
Board and Chair of the 
Audit 
Committee 
at 
HSBC 
Insurance 
France 
 
Claude Piret 
 
Member 
 
26 July 2018 
 
2021 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art.10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as in force. Risk 
experience/ 
Financial 
Services 
 
 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Saint Pierre Hospital 
Avraam 
Gounaris 
Member 
31 July 2019 
2021 
Economist/ 
Financial 
Services 
 
 
 
Wietze 
Reehoorn 
 
Member 
 
31 July 2019 
 
2021 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art. 10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as in force Risk, 
Strategy and 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
 
 
 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
MUFG Bank (Europe) 
N.V. (MBE), member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
Anthos 
Private 
Wealth 
Management 
B.V., 
participation as member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Council 
of 
Rijksuniversiteit 
Groningen and of Frans 
Hals 
Museum, 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Council of 
Stichting 
Topsport 
Community, 
participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
ABE 
Bonnema 
Stichting 
and 
member/Director 
of 
Koninklijke 
Hollandsche 
Maatschappij 
der 
Wetencchappen

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
 
Anne Marion-
Bouchacourt 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Member 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 April 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art.10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as in force, 
Human 
Resources 
and 
Culture 
Experience 
 
 
Chair of SG Private 
Banking 
Switzerland, 
Participation in Board 
of Directors of Ipsos 
and Credit du Nord,  
President 
of 
“Conseillers 
du 
Commerce extérieur de 
la France (Suisse)”,  
Member of the Board 
of the “Association des 
banques étrangères en 
Suisse”  
Elena 
Ana 
Cernat 
 
Member 
 
31 July 2019 
2021 
Banking/Digital 
Banking 
Experience 
CEO of Alior Bank 
Warsaw-Bucharest 
Branch 
and 
participation in Board 
of Directors of Yoga 
Vidya Romania 
 
Non-
Executive 
Members 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Aikaterini  
Beritsi 
Member 
 
31 July 2019 
2021 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
EYDAP S.A.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
JP 
Rangaswami 
 
Member 
22 October 
2020 
2021 
IT/Digital 
Transformation 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Admiral 
Group 
Plc, 
Allfunds Bank Group 
and Daily Mail and 
General Trust (DMGT) 
plc, Board Chairman of 
Web 
Science 
Trust, 
Member at the Board of 
Trustees of Cumberland 
Lodge and at the Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
Hammersmith 
Academy, 
Adjunct 
Professor of Electronics 
and Computer Science 
at the University of 
Southampton 
 
 
Representative 
of 
the 
HFSF 
(Greek Law 3864/2010) - Non-
Executive 
 
 
 
 
 
Periklis 
Drougkas
 
 
 
Member 
 
26 July 2018 
 
2021 
 
Economist 
 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Tirana Bank ShA 
 
Board and Board Committees’ 
Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
Panos 
Dasmanoglou 
 
 
26 July 2018 
 
2021 
 
General 
Manager 
of 
Group 
Compliance and 
Corporate 
Governance 
 
- 
  
* Date of election of the Members of the Board by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 2018 
and 2019 respectively, with the exception of Mrs Anne Marion-Bouchacourt, Mr JP Rangaswami and Mr. 
Matthieu Kiss for whom the respective dates mentioned are the dates of their election by the Board of 
Directors of the Bank. 
During 2020, the following changes took place as regards composition of the Board: 
• 
On 30 January 2020, at the Board of Directors meeting, the resignation of Mr. Dimitrios 
Kapotopoulos from the position of Executive Board Member was announced. 
• 
On 1 April 2020, at the Board of Directors meeting, Mrs Anne Marion Bouchacourt was 
appointed Independent Non-Executive Board Member.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
On 16 April 2020, at the Board of Directors meeting, it was decided to functionally abolish the 
position of Vice Chair of the Board of Directors, held by Mrs. Aikaterini Beritsi, who continues 
serving as a Non-Executive Member of the Board. 
• 
On 2 September 2020, at the Board of Directors meeting, the resignation of Mr. Andrew McIntyre 
from the position of Independent Non-Executive Board Member was announced. 
• 
On 22 October 2020, at the Board of Directors meeting, Mr. JP Rangaswami was appointed Non-
Executive Board Member. 
• 
On 18 December 2020, at the Board of Directors meeting, Mr. Matthieu Kiss was appointed 
Independent Non-Executive Board Member. 
HFSF influence 
Pursuant to the HFSF Law and the Presubscription Agreement dated 28 May 2012, as amended and 
restated on 21 December 2012, the HFSF initially appointed a representative on the Bank’s Board in 2012. 
The HFSF representative, according also to the stipulations of the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, participates in the Board Committees. Additionally, 
according the provisions of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the 
HFSF, the HFSF also appoints an Observer to the Board and Board Committees (without voting rights).  
Pursuant to the 2015 Recapitalisation, the HFSF participated in the Bank’s recapitalisation by contributing 
ESM notes and acquiring in exchange common shares with full voting rights representing 38.92% of the 
share capital of the Bank, and CoCos which were fully repaid on 15 December 2016. Additionally, the 
HFSF retains common shares with restrictions on the exercise of voting rights, as per article 7a of the 
HFSF Law as in force, corresponding to 1.47% of the share capital of the Bank, which could have full 
voting rights shares upon certain conditions. 
Subject to the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement applicable law and the Bank’s Articles of 
Association, the Bank’s decision making bodies will continue to determine independently, amongst 
others, the Bank’s commercial strategy and policy in compliance with the applicable Revised 
Restructuring Plan and the decisions on the day to day operation of the Bank will continue to rest with the 
Bank’s competent bodies and officers, as the case may be, in accordance with their statutory, legal and 
fiduciary responsibilities. 
Monitoring Trustee 
From January to February 2013, monitoring trustees (each, a “Monitoring Trustee”), acting on behalf of 
the European Commission, were appointed in all banks under restructuring—including the Bank, in 
accordance with the commitments undertaken by the Hellenic Republic towards the European 
Commission in 2012, regarding banks under restructuring, in the Memorandum of Economic and 
Financial Policies, contained in the First Review of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme for 
Greece. 
The Monitoring Trustees are respected international auditing or consulting firms approved by the 
European Commission on the basis of their competence, their independence from the banks and the 
absence of any potential conflict of interest. In each credit institution under restructuring, the Monitoring 
Trustees work on behalf and under the direction of the European Commission, within the terms of 
reference agreed with the European Committee (“EC”), ECB and IMF staff. 
Grant Thornton has been the Bank’s Monitoring Trustee since 16 January 2013.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The commitments undertaken in 2012 were updated and included as an Annex in the 2014 Restructuring 
Plan. The commitments were further updated in December 2015 and included as an Annex in the 2015 
Revised Restructuring Plan. On 10 May 2019, the Directorate General for Competition of the European 
Commission approved the Bank’s 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan. 
In addition to the appointment of Monitoring Trustees, for the commitments undertaken by the Greek 
government see to the “The Issuer – History and Development of the Group – Revised Restructuring Plan 
as approved by the Directorate General for Competition on 10 May 2019 (the 2019 Revised Restructuring 
Plan)” above. 
The commitments include the commitments regarding the implementation of the restructuring plan and 
the commitments on corporate governance and commercial operations. The commitments apply 
throughout the restructuring period unless the individual commitment states otherwise. The Monitoring 
Trustee has the duty to monitor the Bank’s compliance with the Commitments.  
The Monitoring Trustee submits relevant reports to the EC/ECB/IMF on a quarterly basis. 
The Trustee monitors closely the Bank’s commercial practices. The Monitoring Trustee participates as an 
observer in meetings of the Board and certain Board/Executive Committees and has full access to any of 
the Bank’s records including Board minutes. 
Board Committees 
Six Committees, namely the “Strategy and Transformation Committee”, the “Board Risk Committee”, the 
“Audit Committee”, the “Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee”, the “Human Resources 
and Remuneration Committee” and the “Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee”, have been set up 
and operate at Board level (the “Board Committees” or “Committees”). The Board Committees 
members are remunerated annually for their participation in each Committee. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee (the “AC”) was established in 1999 and operates in accordance with the provisions 
of the Bank of Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/2006 and Greek Law 4449/2017 (article 44) as in force. 
The AC is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Matthieu Kiss 
Vice Chair 
Gikas Hardouvelis 
Vice Chair 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
 
 
Human Resources and Remuneration Committee 
The human resources and remuneration committee (“Human Resources and Remuneration 
Committee” or “HRRC”) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1259/5 May 2005). 
The HRRC is comprised of the following members: 
Chair 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Vice Chair 
Elena Ana Cernat  
Member 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
 
Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee 
The corporate governance and nominations committee (“Corporate Governance and Nominations 
Committee” or “CGNC”) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1259/5 May 2005).  
The CGNC is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Vice Chair 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Gikas Hardouvelis 
Member 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
 
 
Board Risk Committee 
The board risk committee (the “Board Risk Committee” or “BRC”) was established by Board decision 
(meeting no. 1308/20 July 2006) in accordance with the requirements of Bank of Greece Governor’s Act 
No. 2577/9 March 2006. The BRC has a dual role, having specific competence also over NPLs/NPEs and 
operating also as the Bank’s special Committee that deals with NPLs in accordance with article 10 
paragraph 8 of Greek Law 3864/2010, as in force. 
The BRC is comprised of the following members: 
Chair 
Claude Piret 
Vice Chair 
Gikas Hardouvelis 
Member 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Member 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
 
Strategy & Transformation Committee 
The strategy committee was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1387/29 September 2009) and 
was renamed to strategy and transformation committee (“Strategy and Transformation Committee” or 
the “STC”) by Board decision (meeting no. 1622/26.07.2018). The STC supports the executive Board 
members in developing the Group’s strategic options, assists the Board in taking decisions on all issues 
related to the Group strategy and regularly reviews the implementation of the Group’s strategy by the 
Group’s management team.  
The STC is comprised of the following members:

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Vice Chair 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Gikas Hardouvelis 
Member 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Anne Marion Bouchacourt 
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Compliance, Ethics & Culture Committee 
The compliance, ethics and culture committee (“Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee” or the 
“CECC”) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1622/26.07.2018), aiming to ensure, inter alia, 
the application of the highest standards of ethics and integrity throughout all of the activities of the Bank 
in accordance with international best practice.  
The CECC is comprised of the following members: 
Chair 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
Member 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
 
Executive Committees 
Senior Executive Committee 
The senior executive committee (“Senior Executive Committee” or the “SEC”) was established in 2004 
and operates via specific Charter. It is the supreme executive body that supports the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Bank in his duties.  
The SEC is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
Member 
Vasileios   Kavalos 
General Manager - Group Treasury and 
Financial Markets 
Member 
Fotini Ioannou  
General Manager - Special Assets 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou* 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Stratos Molyviatis 
General Manager, Chief Operations 
Officer 
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – Transformation, 
Strategy & International Activities 
Member without voting rights 
Panos Dasmanoglou 
General Manager of Group Compliance 
and Corporate Governance 
Member without voting rights 
Georgios Triantafillakis 
General Manager of Legal Services 
 
An Extended Executive Committee also operates which, additionally to the above members, is comprised 
of the following members: 
 
Member 
Evi Hatzioannou 
General Manager of Group Human 
Resources 
 
Member 
 
Ioannis 
Kyriakopoulos** 
General Manager, Group Real Estate 
 
 
 
Member 
 
Chara Dalekou 
General Manager of Group Marketing 
Member 
Kostas Adamopoulos 
Assistant General Manager – Strategic 
Transactions 
Member 
Beate Randulf 
Assistant General Manager - Chief 
Control Officer 
*Mr Christos Christodoulou participates in the Board of Directors of Flexfin LTD 
** Mr Ioannis Kyriakopoulos participates in the Board of Directors of Athens Exchange Group and 
Prodea Real Estate Investment S.A. (“Prodea”) 
Asset and Liability Committee 
ALCO was established in 1993. ALCO’s key purpose is to establish the Bank’s and its Group financial 
sector entities’ strategy and policy as to matters relating to the structuring and management of assets and 
liabilities taking into account the current regulatory framework and market conditions, as well as the risk 
limits set by the Bank. 
ALCO is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Deputy Chairman & 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer 
 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Member 
Member 
Vasileios Kavalos 
General Manager - Group Treasury and 
Financial Markets 
 
 
 
 
 
ALCO convenes regularly once a month or extraordinarily, at the invitation of its Chairman. 
At the invitation of its Chairman, it is possible for other executives of the Bank and the Group to attend its 
meetings. 
ALCO members do not receive any remuneration for their participation in ALCO.  
Executive Credit Committee 
The executive credit committee (the “EXCC”) was established in 2008 and its purpose is the optimisation 
and the sound operation of the risk taking limits. 
The EXCC is comprised of the following members*: 
 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and Investment Banking 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, Chief Risk 
Officer 
Member 
Constantinos Vossikas 
General Manager, Chief Credit Officer 
* In the case of meetings where issues regarding corporate special assets are discussed, Mrs Fotini 
Ioannou, General Manager of Special Assets, participates in the Committee. 
Provisions and Write Offs Committee 
The provisions and write offs committee (“Provisions and Write Offs Committee” or the “PWOC”) 
was established in 2010. Its purpose is the decision making process on the provisions and write offs of the 
Group claims of any nature, which are considered by the PWOC to be liable of a loss in value in 
accordance with the relevant “Provisions and Write Offs Policy” of the Group. 
The PWOC is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, 
Chief Risk Officer 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above and 
their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Employees  
As at 30 June 2020, the Bank employed a total of 7,985 staff of which 271 are in the Bank’s foreign 
branches, compared to 8,324 and 278 respectively, as at 31 December 2019. Additionally, the Group’s 
subsidiaries in Greece and abroad employed approximately 2,477 employees as at 30 June 2020, 
compared to 3,551 as at 31 December 2019.  
Most of the Bank’s employees belong to a union and the Greek banking industry has been subject to 
strikes over the issues of pensions and wages. Bank employees throughout the Hellenic Republic went on 
strike for 5 days in 2019.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE  
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative acts and codes applying in 
each jurisdiction in which it operates. 
Further to this, the Group is subject to the European Union regulatory framework and Greek Laws and 
regulations and to supervision by the ECB/SSM and the Bank of Greece. 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 (“Regulation 1024/2013”) established the SSM for Eurozone 
credit institutions. The SSM maintains an important distinction between significant and non-significant 
entities, which will be subject to differing supervisory regimes. The Bank is included in the list of 
significant supervised entities which the ECB updates and publishes regularly (last update 1 December 
2020). As a result, the ECB has been granted certain supervisory powers as from 4 November 2014, which 
include: 
• 
the authority to grant and revoke authorisations regarding credit institutions; 
• 
with respect to credit institutions established in a participating Member State establishing a 
branch or providing cross border services in Member States that are not part of the Eurozone, to 
carry out the tasks of the competent authority of the home Member State; 
• 
the power to assess notifications regarding the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings in 
credit institutions; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to provisions regarding requirements on own funds 
securitisation, large exposure limits, liquidity, leverage, as well as on the reporting and public 
disclosure of information on those matters; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to corporate governance, including fit and proper 
requirements for the persons responsible for the management of credit institutions, risk 
management processes, internal control mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices and 
effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes (including internal ratings based 
models); 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory reviews, including, where appropriate and in coordination 
with the EBA, stress tests and supervisory reviews which may lead to the imposition of specific 
additional own funds requirements, specific publication requirements, specific liquidity 
requirements and other measures; 
• 
the power to supervise credit institutions on a consolidated group basis, extending supervision 
over parent entities established in a Member State; and 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, provide early intervention 
where a credit institution or group does not meet or is likely to breach the applicable prudential 
requirements and, only in the cases explicitly permitted under law, implement structural changes 
to prevent financial stress or failure, excluding any resolution powers. 
The SSM framework Regulation 468/2014 (ECB/2014/17) sets out the practical arrangements for the 
SSM, while Regulation 2014/1163, as amended by Regulation 2019/2155, lays down the methodology 
and procedure regarding the annual supervisory fees which are born by the supervised credit institutions. 
In Greece, as a Member State whose currency is the euro, the ECB exercises its supervisory 
responsibilities in cooperation with the Bank of Greece. The ECB is responsible for the effective and

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
consistent functioning of the SSM and exercises oversight over the functioning of the system, based on the 
distribution of responsibilities between the ECB and National Competent Authorities (“NCAs”), which in 
Greece is the Bank of Greece. To ensure efficient supervision, credit institutions are categorised as 
“significant” or “less significant”: the ECB directly supervises significant banks, whereas the NCAs are in 
charge of supervising less significant banks, with the ECB exercising indirect supervision. The Bank is 
currently categorised as “significant” and is therefore subject to direct supervision by the ECB. The 
day-to-day supervision is conducted by Joint Supervisory Teams, which comprise staff from both NCAs 
and the ECB. 
Supervisory Review Evaluation Process 
The Bank is subject to continuous evaluation of its capital adequacy in the context of the SSM and could 
be requested to operate with higher than minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. Such 
evaluations are carried out by the ECB mainly through the SREP.  
Following the completion of SREP for 2018, the ECB notified the Group of its new total SREP capital 
requirement (“TSCR”), which applies from 1 March 2019. According to this decision, the ECB requires 
the Bank to maintain, on a consolidated and on an individual basis, a TSCR of 11%. 
The TSCR of 11% includes: 
• 
the minimum Pillar I own funds requirement of 8% to be maintained at all times in accordance 
with Article 92(1) of the CRR (as defined below), and 
• 
an additional Pillar II own funds requirement of 3% to be maintained at all times in accordance 
with Article 16(2)(a) of Regulation 1024/2013, to be made up entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 
(“CET1”) capital. 
In addition to the TSCR, the Group is also subject to the OCR. The OCR consists of TSCR and the 
combined buffer requirement as defined in point (6) of Article 128 of the CRD IV Directive (as defined 
above). 
The combined buffer requirement is defined as the sum of: 
• 
a capital conservation buffer (the “Capital Conservation Buffer”); 
• 
the institution specific Countercyclical Capital Buffer (“CcyB”); and 
• 
the systemic risk buffer (“Systemic Risk Buffer”) / systemically important institutions buffer 
(“Systemically Important Institutions Buffer”), as applicable. 
The Capital Conservation Buffer was 2.5% for 2020 for all banks in the EU.  
The CcyB is implemented as an extension of the Capital Conservation Buffer and has the primary 
objective of protecting the banking sector from periods of excess aggregate credit growth that have often 
been associated with the build-up of system-wide risk. It is calculated as the weighted average of the 
buffers in effect in the jurisdictions to which a credit institution has significant credit exposures. Bank of 
Greece defined its methodology for determining the CcyB in 2015 and consecutively set the CcyB at 0% 
for Greece throughout 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 (Bank of Greece Acts 
55/2015, 83/2016, 97/2016, 103/2016, 107/2016, 115/2017, 119/2017, 122/2017, 127/2017,135/2018, 
143/2018, 148/2018, 152/2018, 156/2019, 159/2019, 161/2019, 164/2019, 167/2020, 173/2020, 177/2020 
and 180/17.12.2020). The CcyB is also currently 0% in all other countries in which the Group has 
significant exposures. Thus, the institution specific CcyB for the Group is currently 0%.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
For O-SIIs an additional capital buffer is applied, which was 0.25% for 2019 and 0.50% for 2020 for all 
four credit institutions that where characterised as O-SIIs in Greece (including the Bank) (Bank of Greece, 
Executive Committee Act no 151/30.10.2018, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no 
163/1.11.2019, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no 174/26.6.2020 ). See further “Capital 
Requirements/Supervision” below. 
Following the completion of the 2019 SREP cycle, in December 2019 the Bank received the final SREP 
Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2020. In particular based on 
2019 SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2020, remained stable at 3%, but OCR increased to 
14% (from 13.75% in 2019) due to the phase-in of the O-SII buffer (0.25%). The OCR increased to 16% 
due to the application of the P2G (2%) as of 2020. However, on 12 Mach 2020, ECB provided temporary 
capital and operational relief to EU banks in reaction to COVID-19. In particular, the ECB is allowing 
banks to operate temporarily (until at least the end of 2022) below the level of capital defined by P2G, the 
Capital Conservation Buffer and the CcyB - not applicable for Greece). In addition, the banks can partially 
cover the P2R with the use of AT1 (18.75% of P2R) and/or Tier 2 (25% of P2R) capital instruments. 
Therefore, the OCR as of 12 Mach 2020 reduced to 11.5%. 
For 2020, ECB adjusted its SREP approach and followed a pragmatic and simplified methodology in light 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and the unique economic and financial situation it has generated. In 
particular, the 2020 SREP cycle focused on the ability of the Banks to handle the challenges of the 
COVID-19 crisis and its impact on their current and prospective risk profile (resilience & capacity to 
absorb the potential impact of the crisis over time). On that basis, and taking into account that a) the ECB 
is not issuing a SREP decision for the 2020 SREP cycle and P2R and P2G requirements remain 
unchanged and b) the BoG suspended the phase-in of the O-SII for 2021, the OCR for 2021 will remain 
stable at 11.5%. 
EU-wide stress test 2020 
On 31 January 2018, the ECB commenced the stress test exercise (the “2018 Stress Test”) relating to the 
four systemic Greek banks (Alpha Bank, Eurobank, the Bank and Piraeus Bank) with the publication of 
the macroeconomic scenarios to be used by the banks. The stress test of the four systemic Greek banks 
was conducted on an accelerated timeline compared to the other in-scope banks in order to allow the 
results to be published before the end of the current European Stability Mechanism Programme for Greece 
(August 2018), but following the same EBA approach and methodologies as that applied to the other EU 
banks. The results for the four systemic Greek banks were announced by the Supervisory Board on 5 May 
2018, and showed that in the adverse scenario, the average CET1 capital depletion was 9 percentage 
points, equivalent to €15.5 billion. Following the supervisory dialogue, the Bank was informed that the 
stress test outcome, along with other factors, have been assessed by SSM’s Supervisory Board pointing to 
no capital shortfall and that no capital plan was deemed necessary as a result of the exercise. 
On 7 November 2019, the EBA published a press release2 to announce the publication of the final 
methodology and draft templates for the 2020 EU-wide stress test along with the key milestones of the 
exercise. The stress test exercise was formally launched in January 2020 and the results were planned to 
be published by 31 July 2020. However, the EBA in its statement3 dated 12 March 2020, announced its 
decision to postpone the 2020 EU-wide stress test exercise to 2021, allowing banks to focus on and ensure 
continuity of their core operations in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. On 29 January 2021, the EBA 
published a press release4 to announce that the 2021 EU-wide stress test has been launched including the 
release of the macroeconomic scenarios. Following the postponement of the 2020 exercise, due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the 2021 EU-wide stress test is expected to provide valuable input for assessing the 
resilience of the European banking sector. Accordingly, the adverse scenario is based on a narrative of a 
 
2 https://eba.europa.eu/eba-publishes-2020-eu-wide-stress-test-methodology-and-draft-templates 
 
3 https://eba.europa.eu/eba-statement-actions-mitigate-impact-covid-19-eu-banking-sector 
4 https://www.eba.europa.eu/eba-launches-2021-eu-wide-stress-test-exercise

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
prolonged COVID-19 scenario in a ‘lower for longer’ interest rate environment, in which negative 
confidence shocks would prolong the economic contraction. The EBA expects to publish the results of the 
exercise by 31 July 2021. 
More specifically, the exercise aims to assess the impact of an adverse macroeconomic scenario on the 
solvency of EU banks. The stress test allows supervisors to assess if banks’ capital buffers, which have 
been accumulated in recent years, are sufficient to cover losses and support the economy in stressed times. 
Moreover, the exercise fosters market discipline through the publication of consistent and granular data at 
a bank-by-bank level, which is crucial particularly at times of increased uncertainty in the markets. Given 
the specific macroeconomic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic coupled with a high degree of 
uncertainty, this year, the focus on the different objectives will depend on the conditions closer to the 
publication date. The outcome might also provide valuable input to make informed decisions on possible 
exit strategies from the flexibility measures granted to banks due to the COVID-19 crisis, or on the need 
for additional measures, should the economic conditions deteriorate further. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
The SRM Regulation establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a SRM and the Fund. The SRM Regulation 
establishing a SRM for the Banking Union (as defined by the European Commission) entered into force 
on 19 August 2014. On 1 January 2016, the SRM became fully operational. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need additional 
capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks supervised by the 
SSM, including the Bank. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established under the SRM 
Regulation will be applied by a single resolution board (the “Single Resolution Board” or the “SRB”) 
together with the EU Council and the European Commission and the national resolution authorities within 
the framework of the SRM. The Single Resolution Board shall have available the same range of tools as 
are available under the BRRD as described below. The SRM will be supported by the Fund. In the 
Banking Union, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were superseded by the Fund as at 1 
January 2016 and those funds will be pooled together gradually. Therefore, as at 2016, the Single 
Resolution Board, calculates the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the Member States 
participating in the SSM and the SRM. The European banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The 
Council Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/81 provides for an adjustment mechanism to avoid 
distortions between institutions and achieve a balanced distribution of contributions between the different 
types of institutions. This Regulation lays down rules specifying the conditions for implementing of the 
obligation of the SRB to calculate the contributions for individual institutions pursuant to Regulation (EU) 
806/2014, as amended, to the Fund and the methodology for the calculation of those contributions, 
introducing also by derogation of the general methodology an adjusted methodology for an initial 
transitional period of eight years by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. In May 2017 
European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/747 of 17 December 2015 entered into force, 
providing for criteria relating to the calculation of ex ante contributions, and the circumstances and 
conditions under which the payment of extraordinary ex post contributions to the Fund may be partially or 
entirely deferred. 
The SRM works as follows: 
• 
the SSM, as the supervisor, would signal when a bank in the euro area or established in a Member 
State participating in the Banking Union is in severe financial difficulties and needs to be resolved; 
• 
the Single Resolution Board, the ECB and the European Commission, will carry out specific tasks 
to prepare for and carry out the resolution of a bank that is failing or likely to fail. The SRB decides 
whether and when to place a bank into resolution and sets out, in the resolution scheme, a 
framework for the use of resolution tools and the potential use of the Fund. The SRB is responsible

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
for the effective and consistent functioning of the SRM and shall only use the Fund for the purpose 
of ensuring the efficient application of the resolution tools and exercise of resolution powers. The 
SRB is the owner of the Fund; 
• 
the resolution scheme can then be approved or rejected by the European Commission or, in certain 
circumstances, by the Council within 24 hours; 
• 
under the supervision of the SRB, national resolution authorities will be in charge of the execution 
of the resolution scheme; 
• 
the SRB oversees the resolution. It monitors the execution at national level by the national 
resolution authorities and, should a national resolution authority not comply with its decision, 
directly addresses executive orders to the troubled banks. 
The Fund was set up under the control of the SRB. It will ensure the availability of funding support while 
the bank is resolved. The European banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The Fund can only 
contribute to resolution if at least 8% of the total liabilities and own funds of the bank have been written 
down or converted into equity. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 amended the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. This Regulation shall apply from 28 
December 2020. The SRB and national resolution authorities should ensure that institutions and entities 
have sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity to ensure a smooth and fast absorption of 
losses and recapitalisation in the event of resolution, with a minimum impact on taxpayers and financial 
stability. That should be achieved through compliance by institutions with an institution-specific MREL as 
set out in Regulation (EU) No 806/2014. Among the new provisions are included the following: 
• 
In order to align denominators that measure the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
institutions and entities with those provided for in the TLAC (Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity) 
standard, the MREL (Minimum Requirement For Own Funds And Eligible Liabilities) should be 
expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and of the total exposure measure of 
the relevant institution or entity, and institutions or entities should meet simultaneously the levels 
resulting from the two measurements. 
• 
The SRB, after consulting the competent authorities, including the ECB, shall determine the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, subject to write-down and conversion powers, 
which are to be met at all times by the entities and groups when the conditions for the application 
are met. 
Capital Requirements/Supervision 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee issued two prudential framework documents (“Basel III: A 
global regulatory framework for more resilient credit institutions and banking systems”, and “Basel III: 
International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring”) which contain the 
Basel III capital and liquidity reform package (“Basel III”). 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through the CRD IV Directive, which has been 
transposed into Greek legislation by the CRD Law, and the CRR which is legally binding and directly 
applicable in all Member States. Implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being 
phased in over a period of time, mainly until 2019. 
Some major points of the framework include:

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
Quality and Quantity of Capital. CRD IV revised the definition of regulatory capital and its 
components at each capital instrument level. It also imposed a minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% 
and Tier 1 Ratio of 6.0%, and introduced a requirement for Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital instruments “own funds” to have loss absorbing features allowing them to be written 
off or converted on the occurrence of a bail-in of the institution; 
• 
Capital Buffer Requirements. In addition to the minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5%, credit 
institutions will have to hold the following CET1 capital buffers as fixed by the relevant 
authorities: 
• 
A “Capital Conservation Buffer” of 2.5% that is applied gradually between 2016 and 
2019 with an annual step up of 0.625%. In case of non-compliance the regulator will 
impose the constraints on dividends distribution and executive bonuses inversely 
proportional to the level of the actual CET1 ratio. 
• 
A CCyB ranging between 0% and 2.5% depending on macroeconomic factors. This 
buffer is also applied gradually from 2016 to 2019 having a range of 0%–0.625% for 
2016, 0%–1.25% for 2017, 0%–1.875% for 2018 and 0%–2.5% for 2019. Bank of 
Greece specified the CCyB at 0% for Greece for all quarters of 2016, 2017, 2018, 
2019, 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 (the CCyB is currently set at 0% by the 
competent authorities of all countries in which the Group has significant exposures). 
• 
A “Systemic Risk Buffer” of at least 1% made up of CET1 instruments set at the 
discretion of national authorities of Member States to be applied to institutions at 
consolidated or solo level, or even at the level of exposures in certain countries at 
which a banking group operates. Bank of Greece has not used this macro-prudential 
instrument thus far. 
• 
A “Systemically Important Institutions Buffer” (“SIIs”). For globally systemically 
important institutions the additional buffer ranges between 1% and 3.5%, whereas for 
O-SIIs it could reach 2%. Bank of Greece specified a 0% capital buffer for 2016, 
2017 and 2018 for all four institutions in Greece that were characterized as O-SIIs 
(including the Bank). However, starting from 2019, a buffer of 1% was gradually 
phased in during a four-year period (2019: 0.25%, 2020: 0.5%, 2021: 0.75%, 2022: 
1%). 
• 
Deductions from Common Equity Tier 1. CRD IV revised the definition of items that should 
be deducted from regulatory capital. In addition, most of the items that were required to be 
deducted from regulatory capital are now deducted in whole from the CET1 component; 
• 
Central Counterparties. To address the systemic risk arising from the interconnectedness of 
credit institutions and other financial institutions through the derivatives markets, the new 
framework is supporting the efforts of the committee on payments and settlement systems and 
International Organization of Securities Commissions (“IOSCO”) to establish strong 
standards for financial market infrastructures, including central counterparties (“CCPs”). A 
2.0% risk-weight factor is introduced to certain trade exposures to qualifying CCPs (replacing 
the current 0% risk- weighting). The capitalisation of credit institution exposures to CCPs will 
be based in part on the compliance of the CCP with the IOSCO standards (since 
non-compliant CCPs will be treated as bilateral exposures and will not receive the preferential 
capital treatment referred to above); 
• 
Counterparty Credit Risk. CRD IV is raising counterparty credit risk management standards 
in a number of areas, including for the treatment of so-called wrong-way risk, i.e., cases 
where the exposure increases when the credit quality of the counterparty deteriorates. For

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
example, the proposal includes a capital charge for potential mark-to-market losses associated 
with a deterioration in the creditworthiness of a counterparty (i.e. CVA risk) and the 
calculation of expected positive exposure by taking into account stressed parameters; 
• 
Leverage Ratio. CRD IV introduced an unweighted Tier I leverage ratio (the “Leverage 
Ratio”) that applies for all credit institutions as part of the Pillar II framework from 1 
January 2013. The ratio has migrated to a Pillar I minimum requirement now that CRR II (as 
defined below) has entered into force; 
• 
Liquidity Requirements. From 1 October 2015, CRD IV progressively introduced a liquidity 
coverage ratio (which defines an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that 
must be held by a credit institution to offset estimated net cash outflows over a 30-day stress 
scenario, and has been phased in gradually, starting at 60% in 2015, and set at 100% in 2018) 
(the “LCR”). CRD IV also provides for a net stable funding ratio (which defines an amount 
of longer-term, stable funding that must be held by a credit institution over a one-year 
timeframe based on liquidity risk factors assigned to assets and off balance sheet exposures) 
(the “NSFR”). On 8 March 2017, the EBA published the final guidelines on the liquidity 
coverage ratio disclosure. The final guidelines provide harmonised disclosure templates and 
tables for liquidity coverage ratio disclosure without altering the general disclosure 
framework provided for in the CRR. Moreover, on 17 April 2018 the EBA published its final 
draft of implementing technical standards amending the European Commission’s 
Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 680/2014, as amended, on supervisory reporting. The 
updated implementing technical standards include changes to additional monitoring metrics 
for liquidity. Additionally, CRR II and CRD V were published in June 2019. With respect to 
liquidity requirements, the new regulatory framework sets the EU rules for the measurement 
of the NSFR, amending the existing BCBS framework, incorporated in the CRR. The 
provisions for the NSFR amendment, will apply from 28 June 2021; and 
• 
Maximum Distributable Amount. Pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD Law, the Bank may not 
make discretionary payments (as defined in the CRD Law), beyond the Maximum 
Distributable Amount.  
It should be noted that Regulation (EU) 2019/876, as in force, amended Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as 
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012. This Regulation shall apply from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions.  
In addition to CRD IV, the EBA produces a number of binding technical standards, guidelines and 
recommendations for its implementation. EBA published on 21 November 2019 a set of roadmaps 
outlining its approach and timelines for delivering the mandates stemming from the above regulatory texts 
published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019. These mandates are mainly focused in the areas of 
governance and remuneration, large exposures, resolution as well as reporting and disclosure. 
Together with Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as 
amended, (see below “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”) CRD IV forms the common financial 
regulatory framework in the EU, also known as ‘the Single Rulebook’. 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel III and 
CRD IV, there are several new global initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which represent 
additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and will impact the EU’s future regulatory direction. 
These initiatives include, among others, the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014, as amended), applicable since 3 January 2018 and a revised Markets in Financial

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended) transposed into national legislation by Greek 
Law 4514/2018 published in Government Gazette Issue A No.14 of 30 January 2018.  
In addition, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for 
amendments to the CRR, CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (together, the “EC 
Proposals”), which proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process prior to formal 
approval of the final text by the European Council in May 2019. The final text was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. Among 
other things, these proposals aim to implement a number of new Basel standards (such as the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, market risk rules and requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities) 
and to transpose the Financial Stability Board’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity termsheet into European 
law. The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended by the publication of the CRD V Directive 
and the CRR has subsequently been amended by CRR II. The CRD V Directive and CRR II were both 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 
2019. Member States should adopt and publish, by 28 December 2020, the measures necessary to comply 
with CRD V with certain exceptions. CRR II shall apply from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions. 
CRR II is directly applicable to the Bank. However, the CRD V Directive will need to be transposed into 
Greek law before taking effect. However, this transposition has not yet taken place. 
Solvency II 
As at 1 January 2016, Greek Law 4364/2016 came into force, replacing the previously existing 
Presidential Decree 400/70 and establishing in Greece the new Solvency II framework as detailed in 
Directive 2009/138/EC, as amended, which is a fundamental revision of the capital adequacy regime for 
the European insurance sector business. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the BRRD 
which establishes a harmonized framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms incorporated under the laws and licensed by the competent authorities of any of the 
Member States, relying on a network of national resolution authorities and resolution funds to resolve 
banks. Directive (EU) 2017/2399 (Directive 2017/2399), which was transposed into Greek Law by Law 
4583/2018 (published in the Government Gazette Issue A No. 212/18.12.2018), amends BRRD as regards 
the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. 
By virtue of the BRR Law, and in particular Article 2 “Recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and other provisions”, the BRRD was transposed into Greek Law and the Bank of 
Greece has been designated as the national resolution authority (the “National Resolution Authority”). 
Greek Law 4335/2015 provides among others for the following: 
(i) 
Preparation and planning stage: Preparation for adopting measures of recovery and 
resolution, including (a) drawing up and submitting recovery plans by credit institutions 
to the competent authority for evaluation, which provide the measures to be taken for 
restoring their financial position following a significant deterioration of their financial 
position and (b) drawing up of a resolution plan by the National Resolution Authority for 
each credit institution. 
 
The Bank of Greece has specified the information to be included in the recovery plans. In 
particular, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No 99/18.7.2016 clarifies the 
information to be provided in the recovery plans and provides qualitative and quantitative 
recovery plan indicators and Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No. 98/18.7.2016 
specifies the range of scenarios to be used in recovery plans.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(ii) 
Early Intervention stage: When the institution breaches its licensing and operational 
requirements or it is likely to breach them in the near future due to rapid deterioration of 
its financial condition, the BRR Law: 
a) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution updates the recovery 
plan and/or implement one or more of the measures provided in the recovery 
plan; 
b) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution examines the situation, 
identifies measures to overcome any problems identified and draws up an action 
plan to overcome those problems, within a specific timeline; 
c) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution convenes a general 
meeting of its shareholders or, in case the board of directors does not comply, 
promptly convene itself a general meeting of the shareholders of the credit 
institution; 
d) 
requires that one or more members of the board of directors or senior 
management be removed or replaced if they are considered unsuitable to perform 
their duties; 
e) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution draws up and submits 
for consultation a plan for debt restructuring with one or all of its creditors 
according to the recovery plan, where applicable; 
f) 
requires the updating of the business strategy of the credit institution; 
g) 
requires changes in the legal or business structures of the credit institutions, and 
h) 
collects (through, inter alia, on-site inspections) and transmits to the National 
Resolution Authority all necessary information for the update of the resolution 
plan and the preparation of the potential resolution of the credit institution and the 
valuation of its assets and liabilities for the resolution purposes. 
(iii) 
Resolution measures: The SRB is the resolution authority for significant banking groups 
whose parent entity is located in the Banking Union. Together with national resolution 
authorities it forms the SRM. 
 
Where, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 806/2014, the SRB performs tasks and exercises 
powers which, pursuant to the BRRD, are to be performed or executed by the national 
resolution authority, the Board, shall, for the application of the Regulation (EU) 806/2014 
and of the BRRD, be considered to be the relevant national resolution authority or, in the 
event cross-border group resolution, the relevant group – level resolution authority. 
 
The SRB shall take action only if all of the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
the institution is failing or is likely to fail, 
(b) 
no alternative private sector measure, or supervisory action, including early 
intervention measures, would prevent the failure of the institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Before proceeding to resolution measures, the SRB shall ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation 
of the assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out. 
The Board of Directors must notify immediately the ECB, as Competent Authority, in cases that an 
institution is failing or likely to fail. EBA guidelines on “the interpretation of the different circumstances 
when an institution shall be considered as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications on the cases 
where an institution is assessed as “failing or likely to fail”. Executive Committee Act 111/31.01.2017 of 
Bank of Greece took into consideration the EBA guidelines and provided an interpretation of the different 
circumstances when an institution shall be considered as failing or likely to fail regarding the 
implementation of the obligation of the Board of Directors of the institution to notify the Bank of Greece. 
The resolution measures that may be implemented either individually or in conjunction (save for the asset 
separation tool, which may only be applied in conjunction with another resolution tool), are the following: 
• 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser who is not a bridge institution, of shares or other 
instruments of ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, 
namely rights, obligations and contractual relationships, without the consent of the 
shareholders of the institution under resolution or of any third party other than the acquirer. 
• 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution to which shares or other 
instruments of ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, 
namely rights, obligations and contractual relationships, are transferred without the consent of 
the shareholders of the institution under resolution or of any third party. 
• 
Asset separation tool: transfer of assets, namely rights, obligations and contractual 
relationships, of an institution under resolution or of a bridge institution to one or more asset 
management companies, without the consent of the shareholders of the institutions under 
resolution or of any third party other than the bridge institution. The asset management 
companies are legal persons owned in total or partially or controlled by one or more 
authorities, including the Fund or the National Resolution Authority. 
• 
Bail in tool write-down or conversion of any obligations of an institution that meets the 
resolution conditions, except for the cases prescribed by BRRD. 
Further to the above resolution tools, the SRB is entitled to decide on the exercise of the write-down or 
conversion powers in respect of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments of the institution, either 
independently or in combination with the resolution tools, under the circumstances provided by the law, 
for example when it is established that the conditions for resolution are met or when the competent 
authority establishes that if the said power is not exercised, the institution will cease to be viable. If an 
institution meets the requirements for resolution and the SRB decides to implement a resolution tool, then 
the exercise of the above power is required. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the following EU Regulations have been issued: 
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 specifies further the circumstances where 
exclusion from the application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary.  
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1401 established regulatory technical 
standards for methodologies and principles on the valuation of liabilities arising from 
derivatives.  
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/867 on classes of arrangements to be protected 
in a partial property transfer.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 with regard to regulatory technical 
standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities to be set by resolution authorities in order 
to determine the loss absorption amount which the institution or group should be capable of 
absorbing. 
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1075 regarding regulatory technical standards 
specifying the content of recovery plans, resolution plans and group resolution plans, the 
minimum criteria that the competent authority is to assess as regards recovery plans and 
group recovery plans, the conditions for group financial support, the requirements for 
independent valuers, the contractual recognition of write-down and conversion powers, the 
procedures and contents of notification requirements and of notice of suspension and the 
operational functioning of the resolution colleges. 
• 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/911 provided implementing technical 
standards with regard to the form and the content of the description of group financial 
support agreements. In the same context Executive Committee Act 131/23.01.2018 of Bank 
of Greece specifies the conditions for the group financial support. 
Use of public funds in the context of the resolution framework 
In cases of an exceptional systemic crisis, extraordinary public financial support may be provided with 
respect to institutions meeting the conditions for resolution. Extraordinary public financial support is 
provided under strict conditions by virtue of a decision of the Greek Minister of Finance, following a 
recommendation of the Systemic Stability Board of the Greek Ministry of Finance constituted by Greek 
Law 3867/2010 and a consultation with the resolution authority, through public financial stabilization 
tools as a last resort and only after having assessed and utilised, to the maximum extent, the other 
resolution tools, in order to avoid, through the direct intervention, the winding-up of the said institutions 
and in order for the resolution purposes to be accomplished. The public financial stabilization tools are: 
a) 
public capital support provided by the Greek Ministry of Finance or by the HFSF 
following a decision by the Greek Minister of Finance; and 
b) 
temporary public ownership of the institution, i.e. the transfer of the shares of an 
institution to a transferee of the Hellenic Republic or a company which is fully owned and 
controlled by the Hellenic Republic. 
The following conditions must be cumulatively met in order for the public financial stabilisation tools to 
be implemented: 
a) 
the institution meets the conditions for resolution; 
b) 
the shareholders, owners of other instruments of ownership, holders of relevant capital 
instruments and the holders of eligible liabilities have contributed, through conversion, 
write-down or by any other means, to the absorption of losses and the recapitalization by 
an amount equal to at least 8% of the total liabilities, including own funds of the 
institution under resolution, calculated at the time of the resolution action in accordance 
with the valuation conducted; and 
c) 
prior and final approval by the European Commission regarding the EU State aid 
framework for the use of the chosen tool has been granted. 
In addition to the above, for the provision of public financial support, one of the following conditions 
must be met:

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
a) 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to avoid a significant adverse 
effect on the financial stability; 
b) 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to protect the public interest, 
where extraordinary liquidity assistance from the central bank has previously been given 
to the institution; and 
c) 
in respect of the temporary public ownership tool, the application of the resolution tools 
would not suffice to protect the public interest, where public equity support through the 
equity support tool has previously been given to the institution. 
Use of public funds outside the resolution framework 
By way of exception, extraordinary public financial support may be granted to a credit institution in the 
form of an injection of own funds or purchase of capital instruments without the involvement of resolution 
measures, under the following cumulative conditions: 
• 
in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and preserve 
financial stability; 
• 
to a solvent credit institution in order to address a capital shortfall identified in a stress test, 
assets quality reviews or equivalent exercises; 
• 
at prices and on terms that do not confer an advantage upon the institution; 
• 
on a precautionary and temporary basis; 
• 
subject to final approval of the European Commission; 
• 
not to be used to offset losses that the institution has incurred or is likely to incur in the near 
future; 
• 
the credit institution has not infringed and there are no objective elements to support that the 
credit institution will, in the near future, infringe its authorization requirements in a way that 
would justify the withdrawal of its authorization; 
• 
the assets of the credit institution are not and there are no objective elements to support that 
the assets of the credit institution will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
• 
the credit institution is not and there are no objective elements to support that the credit 
institution will be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they fall due; and 
• 
the circumstances for the exercise of the write-down or conversion powers in respect of 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments of the institution do not apply. 
MiFID II 
MiFID II was transposed into Greek Law by Law 4514/2018. 
MiFID II together with Regulation (EU) 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments (“MiFIR”) 
introduced the new framework on financial markets. Both documents aim to have more efficient, resilient 
and transparent markets. 
In particular, MiFID II introduced rules, inter alia, on high frequency trading, improves the transparency 
and oversight of financial markets, including derivatives markets, and addresses the issue of excessive

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
price volatility in commodity derivatives markets. Furthermore, it expands supervision to all financial 
instruments admitted to trading, over-the-counter transactions and trading venues. 
MiFID II also enhanced investor protection by introducing new product governance requirements and 
more stringent organisational and business conduct requirements. 
MiFID II empowered the European Commission to adopt delegated and implementing acts to specify how 
competent authorities and market participants shall comply with the obligations laid down in the directive. 
The Greek Regulatory Framework 
The CRD IV framework, comprising CRD IV Directive (as transposed into Greek law by way of the 
Greek Law 4216/2014 on access to the activity of credit institutions) and the CRR on the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms establishes the regulatory framework which 
governs the operation and supervision of credit institutions in the European Union. The CRD IV Directive 
has subsequently been amended by the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “CRD V Directive”) and the CRR has subsequently 
been amended by the CRR II. The CRD V Directive and CRR II were both published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. CRR II is directly 
applicable to the Bank and shall apply from 28 June 2021, subject to certain exceptions. However, the 
CRD V Directive will need to be transposed into Greek law before taking effect. Member States should, 
with certain exceptions, adopt and publish by 28 December 2020 the measures necessary to comply with 
the CRD V Directive. Greece has yet to transpose the latter’s provisions. 
The CRD Law replaced Greek Law 3601/2007. According to article 166 of Greek Law 4261/2014, 
regulatory decisions issued by ministers or competent authorities by virtue of Greek Law 3601/2007 
remain in force as long as they are not contrary to the provisions of the CRD Law or Regulation No. 
575/2013/EC and until replaced by new regulatory acts under Greek Law 4261/2014. 
Under the current regulatory framework, credit institutions operating in Greece are, among others, 
required to: 
• 
Observe the liquidity ratios prescribed by Regulation No. 575/2013/EC and relevant Acts of 
the Governor of the Bank of Greece, to the extent that (according to article 166 of Greek Law 
4261/2014) such acts are not contrary to the provisions of the CRD Law or the CRR and until 
replaced by new regulatory acts issued under Greek Law 4261/2014; 
• 
Observe the own funds requirements and calculation rules provided for by Regulation No. 
575/2013/EC and Decision no 114/1/4.8.2014 of the Credit and Insurance Committee 
Decisions as in force; 
• 
Maintain efficient and independent internal audit, compliance and risk management systems 
and procedures (Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2577/2006, as supplemented and amended 
by subsequent decisions of the Governor of the Bank of Greece and of the Banking and Credit 
Committee of the Bank of Greece). The Monitoring Trustee mandate and the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement also include provisions regarding the maintenance of 
such systems and procedures; 
• 
Submit to the Bank of Greece periodic reports and statements required under Bank of Greece 
Governor Act No. 2651/2012, as amended and currently applicable, and other relevant Acts of 
the Governor of the Bank of Greece; 
• 
Disclose data regarding the credit institution’s financial position and the risk management 
policy;

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
Provide the Bank of Greece any other information requested; 
• 
In connection with certain operations or activities, notify or request the prior approval of the 
Bank of Greece/SSM, in each case in accordance with the applicable laws of Greece and the 
relevant acts, decisions and circulars of the Bank of Greece and the European regulatory 
framework; and 
• 
Permit the Bank of Greece to conduct audits and inspect books and records of the credit 
institution, in accordance with Greek Law (including Greek Law 4261/2014) and certain Bank 
of Greece Governor’s Acts; 
If a credit institution breaches any law or a regulation falling within the scope of the supervisory power 
attributed to the Bank of Greece, the Bank of Greece is empowered, among others, to: 
• 
Require the relevant bank to take appropriate measures to remedy the breach; 
• 
Impose fines (article 55A of the Articles of Association of the Bank of Greece, as ratified by 
Law 2832/2000 and as amended by Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2602/2008), and 
provisions of Greek Law 4261/2014; 
• 
Revoke, in cooperation with the ECB according to Regulation 1024/2013, the license of the 
bank. 
In the context of the SSM, the ECB and the NCAs (the Bank of Greece in Greece), Regulation 1024/2013 
stipulates the supervisory tasks conferred upon the SSM and Regulation 468/2014 determines the 
framework of cooperation within the SSM. 
The regulatory framework applicable to the Bank has been also affected by the establishment of the HFSF 
and the recapitalization framework. Moreover, Regulation (EU) 2016/445 specifies certain of the options 
and discretions conferred on competent authorities under Union law concerning prudential requirements 
for credit institutions that the ECB is exercising. 
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund — The Greek Recapitalisation Framework 
Formation of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund 
The HFSF was established by Greek Law 3864/2010 (the “HFSF Law”), as a private law entity with 
capital funded by the Greek government out of the resources made available by the EU and the IMF to 
ensure adequate capitalization of the Greek banking system. Additionally, Greek Law 4389/2016 (article 
188) prescribes HFSF as a subsidiary of Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations. It should be 
noted that Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations does not belong to the Greek public sector. 
The purpose of the HFSF, according to the HFSF Law, is to maintain the stability of the Greek banking 
system for protection of the public interest. The duration of the HFSF has been set until and including 31 
December 2022 and it may be extended upon decision of the Greek Minister of Finance, provided that 
such extension is necessary for the fulfilment of its purposes. 
Amended Relationship Framework Agreement 
Following the participation of the HFSF in the Bank’s share capital in 2013, the Bank and the HFSF 
entered into the Relationship Framework Agreement. In connection with its receipt of State Aid as part of 
its recapitalization in December 2015, the Bank entered into an Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement (“Amended Relationship Framework Agreement”) with the HFSF on 3 December 2015. 
This Amended Relationship Framework Agreement replaced the earlier Relationship Framework 
Agreement entered into by the Bank in 2013.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
According to the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF should, among others 
(i) monitor and assess how the Bank complies with the applicable restructuring plan, (ii) exercise its 
shareholding rights in compliance with the rules of prudent management of its assets and in compliance 
with State Aid and competition rules of the European Union, (iii) ensure that the Bank operates on market 
terms, and (iv) that in due time the Bank returns to private ownership in an open and transparent manner. 
The Amended Relationship Framework Agreement determines the relationship between the Bank and 
HFSF certain matters relating to, amongst others: (a) the corporate governance of the Bank, (b) the 
applicable Revised Restructuring Plan and its monitoring, (c) the monitoring of the implementation of the 
Bank’s NPL management framework and of the Bank’s performance on NPL resolution. In addition, the 
Amended Relationship Framework Agreement deals with, (d) the obligations that are defined as material 
for the purposes of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, including for the switch to full 
voting rights, (e) the monitoring of Bank’s actual risk profile against the approved risk and capital strategy 
(f) the HFSF’s consent for matters that are defined as material for the purposes of the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement and, in particular, for the HFSF’s consent request, (g) litigation and 
other proceedings that are defined as material for the purposes of the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement and concern the Group, and (h) the duties, rights and obligations of HFSF’s representative on 
the Board. Moreover, the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement states that, subject to its 
provisions, the applicable law, and the charter documents, the Bank’s decision making bodies will 
continue to determine independently, amongst others, the Bank’s commercial strategy and policy in 
compliance with the currently applicable restructuring plan and the decisions on the day-to-day operation 
of the Bank will continue to rest with the Bank’s competent bodies and officers, as the case may be, in 
accordance with their statutory, legal and fiduciary responsibilities. 
The Amended Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes the appointment of the HFSF representative 
to the Board of Directors and the appointment of an observer (without voting rights) also participating at 
the Board of Directors. Additionally, as prescribed by the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, 
both the representative and the observer participate in the Board Committees. 
According to the provisions of the applicable framework as outlined previously, the HFSF representative’s 
rights as prescribed within the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement include the following: 
i. 
To request the Board to convoke the General Assembly of Shareholders or to include items on 
the agenda to be discussed at a General Assembly to be convoked by the Board. The request 
regarding the convocation of the General Assembly shall be addressed to the Chairman of the 
Board in writing and shall include the proposed items on the agenda. The Board shall have the 
obligation to convoke the General Assembly upon respective request of the HFSF representative. 
Furthermore, the Board shall have the obligation to include the proposed items in the respective 
invitation for the convocation of the General Assembly. 
ii. 
To request that the Board is convened within the next seven (7) calendar days from the HFSF’s 
representative written request to the Chairman of the Board. The relevant request shall be 
addressed to the Chairman of the Board in writing and include the proposed items on the agenda. 
If the Chairman of the Board does not proceed to the convocation of the Board within the above 
deadline or does not include all the proposed items in the invitation, then the HFSF 
representative shall be entitled to convoke the Board within five (5) days as of the expiry of the 
above seven (7) days period. 
iii. 
To include items in the agenda of a scheduled Board meeting, including any item which may be 
related to any entity of the Group. For this purpose, the HFSF representative will submit in 
writing to the Chairman of the Board the desired additional items on the agenda at least two 
(2) business days prior to the date of the Board meeting. The Chairman of the Board must 
include these items in the agenda of the scheduled Board meeting.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
iv. 
To request an adjournment of any meeting of the Board or the discussion of any item up to three 
(3) business days, if it finds that the material, data or information and the supporting documents 
submitted to the HFSF pursuant to the items of the agenda of the forthcoming Board meeting are 
not sufficient. 
Additionally, as per the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF representative has the 
following rights in Board Committees: 
i. 
to include items on the agenda of a committee meeting scheduled. For this purpose, the HFSF 
representative will submit in writing to the Chairman of the Committee the proposed additional 
items of the agenda at least one (1) day prior to the date of the Committee meeting; 
ii. 
to request that the committee is convened within the next seven (7) days from the HFSF 
representatives’ written request to the Chairman of the committee. The relevant request shall 
include the proposed items of the agenda. If the Chairman of the committee does not proceed to 
the convocation of the committee within the above deadline or does not include all the proposed 
items in the invitation, then the HFSF representative shall be entitled to convoke the committee 
within five (5) days as of the expiry of the above seven (7) days period. 
Further, the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes in detail requirements for the Bank 
to inform the HFSF representative and the HFSF Observer, including on the activities and decisions of 
Board committees in which they participate. 
Under the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the Bank has the obligation to obtain the prior 
written consent of the HFSF for all material matters set forth within the agreement, including, among 
others, the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan, including any amendment, extension or revision of the 
Plan, the Group policy governing relations with connected borrowers and any amendment, extension, 
revision or deviation thereof, the Group Risk and Capital strategy document(s) especially the risk appetite 
statements and risk governance and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation thereof, the Group 
Investment/Divestment Policy regarding participations, real estate and loan portfolios and any 
amendment, extension, revision or deviation thereof, and other matters particularly prescribed within the 
Amended Relationship Framework Agreement as material materials requiring prior-written consent and 
according to the exceptions the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes. 
If the Bank breaches or defaults in performing or complying with or fails to perform or comply with any 
of its material obligations, the HFSF shall give to the Bank a default notice specifying such breach, default 
or failure and, in the case of a breach, default or failure capable of remedy, stipulating a period during 
which such breach, default or failure shall be remedied. Provided that such period is accepted by the 
HFSF, and if such event is still outstanding after a remedy period has been provided by the HFSF, 
whenever such period is applicable, and without prejudice to any other rights of the HFSF under the HFSF 
Law and the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, restrictions of the HFSF’s voting rights 
concerning the portion of shares to which these apply, shall be lifted and the HFSF shall have full voting 
rights with respect to the particular shares now subject to restrictions in accordance with article 7A of the 
HFSF Law, upon notification to the Bank of the respective decision of the General Council of the HFSF. 
The Amended Relationship Framework Agreement requires that: 
• 
The Bank shall at each time adopt and apply a corporate governance structure that ensures the 
implementation of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, compliant at any time 
with the requirements of the HFSF Law, the contractual obligations and the applicable 
Revised Restructuring Plan. 
• 
The Bank shall provide to the HFSF the documents, as required, in order to ensure the 
effective monitoring of the implementation of the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan and

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
NPL management framework, to effectively allow the HFSF to perform its statutory role. In 
December 2016 the Board Risk Committee Charter was revised, such that the Committee has 
a dual role, having specific competence over NPLs/NPEs and operating as the Bank’s special 
Committee that deals with NPLs in accordance with article 10 paragraph 8 of the HFSF Law. 
• 
If the Bank has engaged, prior to the signing of the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement, an external audit firm for more than five years, the Bank should replace the audit 
firm. The new engagement contracts should not exceed five years. The Bank’s initial five-
year period expired following the 2016 financial year. In this context, the Board of Directors 
approved at the meeting held on 18 January 2017 PwC as the most appropriate audit firm for 
the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2017, following the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee. The selection was based on the results of the tender process run by 
the Bank. The appointment of PwC was approved by the 2017 Annual General Meeting of the 
Bank’s shareholders. The 2018 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed 
PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2018, following 
relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. The 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s 
shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 
December 2019, following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. The 2020 Annual 
General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the 
Group for the year ending 31 December 2020, following relevant proposal of the Audit 
Committee. 
• 
In case of any actual or reasonably foreseeable adverse deviations in the Bank’s or the 
Group’s performance and risk profile, relative to the base scenario of the applicable Revised 
Restructuring Plan, or relative to the budget, or with respect to the Risk and Capital Strategy 
if adverse deviations have already been approved by the HFSF through the approval of the 
budget, the Board should promptly submit its recommended corrective strategic actions to the 
HFSF for its review and consent. 
• 
Performance against the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan as well as progress on key 
initiatives undertaken by the Bank (e.g. Divestments, Integrations, etc.) will be monitored as 
follows: 
i. 
Regular meetings between the Bank’s management and the HFSF. 
ii. A formal monitoring review of performance against the applicable Revised Restructuring 
Plan or relative to the budget, if adverse deviations have already been approved by the 
HFSF through the approval of the budget (see above), will be conducted on a quarterly 
basis, in line with the Bank’s results reporting cycle. For the purpose of the monitoring 
reviews, the Bank will provide the HFSF with a report on its financial and business 
performance against the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan or relative to the budget, if 
adverse deviations have already been approved by the HFSF through the approval of the 
budget (see above) quarterly targets, clearly highlighting performance to date against the 
currently applicable restructuring plan targets as well as against budget, key initiatives 
and expected impact for the next four quarters rolling and identifying any adverse 
deviations from the targets and associated corrective measures /initiatives, which must be 
approved by the HFSF. 
• 
The HFSF will monitor and evaluate the performance of the Bank’s Board of Directors and its 
Committees. 
• 
The Bank will inform in writing the HFSF as soon as it executes a non-binding agreement 
/memorandum of understanding for the sale of (or receives any proposal from third parties for 
the acquisition of) a subsidiary of the Bank, or part of its business.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
The Board should conduct a self-assessment exercise on an annual basis not only as a whole, 
as per current legislation but also for each of its Committees. The results of this evaluation 
should be disclosed in the Annual Report on Corporate Governance. 
• 
The Board should approve the following policies and amendments thereof: the Bank’s Group 
Strategy, Policy and Governance regarding the management of its Arrears and 
Non-Performing Loans, Conflict of Interest policy, Related Party Transactions policy, 
Provisioning & Write-off policy, Sponsorship/Donation policy, Outsourcing policy, Board 
/Committees self-assessment policy. 
The Amended Relationship Framework Agreement shall remain in force for as long the HFSF holds 
shares issued by the Bank, irrespective of its participation percentage. However, if its participation 
percentage falls below 15% of the Bank’s share capital, only certain clauses of the Amended Relationship 
Framework Agreement shall remain in force, as particularly prescribed within the Amended Relationship 
Framework Agreement. 
The 
Amended 
Relationship 
Framework 
Agreement 
is 
available 
at 
HFSF’s 
website 
www.hfsf.gr/en/agreements_2015.htm (section: agreements). The information on this website is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Disposal of Shares 
The HFSF will decide on the way and procedure for disposing its shares at a time it deems appropriate, 
whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions, and in any case within five years from entry into 
force of Greek Law 4340/2015 and in compliance with the EU state aid rules. The disposal of shares 
within the time limits stipulated above may not be made to any entity belonging directly or indirectly to 
the Hellenic Republic, in accordance with Greek Law. The Greek Minister of Finance, following a 
proposal by the HFSF, can extend the above-mentioned periods. 
Specific Information on the Warrants issued by the HFSF 
According to article 7 paragraph 4 of the HFSF Law, as in force, and of Cabinet Act 38/2012, as amended, 
issued on 26 June 2013, 245,779,626 warrants were granted to private investors participating in the capital 
increase of the Bank in 2013 according to the HFSF Law and Cabinet Act 38/2012. Trading of the 
warrants on the Athens Exchange began on 27 June 2013. 
Warrants were transferable securities with no restrictions concerning their transfer. Each warrant 
incorporated the right of its holder to purchase HFSF shares, the corresponding number of which is 
determined based on the provisions of Cabinet Act 38/2012, as amended and in force. The warrants did 
not provide voting rights to holders or owners thereof. 
The warrants could be exercised every six months, with the first exercise date being six months following 
their issuance and the last exercise date being fifty-four (54) months following their issuance. The ninth 
and final exercise date (27 December 2017) was the date of expiry of the warrants. 
After the end of the ninth and final exercise process (27 December 2017), and following the settlement of 
participation orders including the fractional shares, 2,538 warrants in total on shares issued by the Bank 
and owned by the HFSF were exercised. The exercised warrants corresponded to 1,391 common shares, 
i.e. to 0.00002% of the total share capital, increasing commensurately the Bank’s free float. The total 
consideration paid by the warrant holders to the HFSF amounted to €112,803.57. 
In accordance with the provisions of the HFSF Law and Cabinet Act 43/2015, which amended Cabinet 
Act 38/2012, the warrants which were not exercised until that date automatically expired and were 
cancelled by the HFSF after the settlement date of the exercise orders on 29 December 2017.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Monitoring Trustee 
Information in respect of the Monitoring Trustee is included in “Directors and Management – Monitoring 
Trustee” above. 
Capital Controls 
As of 1 September 2019, the restrictions on cash withdrawals and capital transfers have been repealed by 
virtue of article 86 of Law 4624/2019. All relevant Ministerial Decisions and Decisions of the Committee 
for the approval of banking transactions that were adopted during the period that the restrictions on cash 
withdrawals and capital transfers were in force have been repealed by the abovementioned article of Law 
4624/2019 as well. 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals - – Protection of Main Residence of the Debtor 
On 3 August 2010, Greek Law 3869/2010 (see also “Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral” 
below) was put in force with respect to the “settlement of amounts due by indebted individuals” and 
amended thereafter by various laws. Greek Law 3869/2010 allowed for the settlement of amounts due by 
individuals (including, consumers and professionals, with the exception of individuals already subject to 
mercantile law) evidencing permanent and general inability to repay their debts, by submitting an 
application for a three-year settlement of their debts and writing off the remainder of their debts, in 
accordance with the terms of the settlement agreed.  
Eligible debts for settlement under Greek law 3869/2010 were any debt owed to private individuals, 
including all debts to banks (consumer, mortgage, business loans), except for debts due to an offense 
committed by the borrower with intention or gross negligence, administrative fines, monetary sanctions 
and debts related to the obligation for child or spousal support. Greek law 3869/2010 was amended, inter 
alia, to include: (a) the protection of the main residence of a debtor from forced sale, and (b) the partial 
funding by the Hellenic Republic of the amount of monthly payments set by court decision.  
As of 1 March 2019, the right of a borrower to request the exemption of their main residence in the 
context of Law 3869/2010 has ceased to apply. Greek Law 4605/2019, which passed on 1 March 2019 
and entered into force on 30 April 2019, provided for an amended framework for the settlement of 
amounts due by individuals for the purpose of protecting their main residence against liquidation 
proceedings. 
Pursuant to the amended legal framework, eligible over-indebted debtors could apply through electronic 
means until 31 July 2020 for the settlement of their debts by arranging a partial repayment of their due 
debts as prescribed by Greek Law 4605/2019.  
Amounts eligible to be settled were only amounts owed to credit institutions and, in the case of a house 
loan, to the Hellenic Consignment Deposit and Loans Fund and credit companies and for which a 
mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation has been registered in favour of the aforementioned entities over the 
debtor’s main residence and provided that the amounts owed are claims outstanding for at least 90 days as 
at 31 December 2018. Ownership of the main residence did not have to be exclusive and complete in 
order to be protected. However, debts of natural persons cannot be settled if there is a guarantee by the 
Greek State for them. 
Within the above mentioned framework, the debtor should pay in equal monthly instalments and within 25 
years, 120% of the value of its main residence plus interest 3-month EURIBOR + 2%. The Greek State 
may also contribute to the payment of these monthly instalments under certain conditions.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
It is also explicitly provided in the amended legal framework that (a) a single application per debtor may 
be filed for the settlement of amounts owed; (b) from the notification of the application to the creditor(s) 
until the lapse of the deadline provided by law for the debtor to request the judicial settlement, in case a 
consensus arrangement is not reached, auction proceedings against the debtor’s main residence are 
suspended; (c) a settlement proposal accepted by both the creditor and the debtor constitutes an 
enforceable title by virtue of which enforcement proceedings may be either initiated in relation to the 
remaining debtor’s assets (except for their main residence) or initiated also for their main residence in case 
the debtor fails to meet the payment settlement conditions (i.e. if the debtor owes in total more than three 
(3) monthly instalments); and (d) transfer of claims of credit institutions, the assignment of the debtor’s 
claims to entities of Greek Law 4354/2015 or their securitisation according to the provisions of the Greek 
Securitisation Law or the replacement of the guarantor or co-debtor do not prevent the settlement of 
amounts owed by the over-indebted individuals.  
In case a consensus arrangement is not reached between the parties (i.e. the credit institution or the 
Hellenic Consignment Deposit and Loans Fund and the debtor), the latter may request the protection of 
the main residence by the competent court, on the terms mentioned herein above. 
If the borrower successfully completes the settlement plan and fully complies with it, then the remaining 
portion of the loan exceeding 120% of the value of the applicant's main residence plus interest 3-month 
EURIBOR + 2% will be written off. In addition, any mortgage or mortgage pre-notation that has been 
registered over the main residence securing a claim under the settlement plan, is lifted.However, if the 
debtor fails to meet the payment settlement conditions (i.e. if the debtor owes in total more than three (3) 
monthly instalments), enforcement proceedings may be initiated against the debtor. 
By virtue of Article 265 par. 1 case b’ of Greek Law 4738/2020, as published in the Government Gazette 
Issue 207/A/27.10.2020 (the “Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law”) in 
conjunction with Article 308 of this Law (as amended by Article 83 par. 3 of Greek Law 4764/2020, 
published in the Government Gazette Issue 256/A/23.12.2020) the possibility of submitting new 
applications in accordance with the provisions of Law 3869/2010 ceases from 1 June 2021. Proceedings 
under Law 3869/2010 that will be pending on 1 June 2021 shall evolve in accordance with the provisions 
of Law 3869/2010. 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals under Greek Law 4738/2020  
On 27 October 2020 Greek Law 4738/2020 was published in the Official Government Gazette (Issue 
207/A/27.10.2020) consolidating the provisions of several statutes dealing with excessive indebtedness 
and debt settlement (such as Greek laws 4469/2017, 3869/2010, 3588/2007, 4605/2019 and 4307/2014) 
into one comprehensive legal framework of expanded scope, with all existing tools for debt settlement 
consolidated, regardless of their subject (inter alia indebted households, protection of main residence and 
extrajudicial settlement mechanisms). From 1 March 2021, the provisions of the Greek Bankruptcy Code 
(Greek Law 3588/2007) have been repealed.  
Moreover, the ability to submit applications under the debt settlement schemes of Greek Law 3869/2010 
(from 1 June 2021) and 4307/2014 (from 1 March 2021) will no longer be available, but will continue to 
govern proceedings which are already pending under such provisions. 
Greek Law 4738/2020 (articles 217-226) establishes a special regime for protecting the main residence of 
“vulnerable debtors”, i.e. debtors who gather cumulatively the income, property and other criteria of 
housing benefits provided for in Article 3 of Greek Law 4472/2017 (including, inter alia, an individual 
yearly income cap set at €9,600). Under this regime the vulnerable debtor’s main residence shall be sold 
and leased-back to him for 12 years. A “sale-and-leaseback organisation”, i.e. a private legal entity 
granted the duties and obligations of the sale and leaseback scheme   by the Greek State (pursuant to a call 
for tenders of the latter), shall implement the relevant process. The scope of the new framework is to allow

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
the liquidation of the vulnerable debtor’s main residence for the purpose of debt settlement, without the 
detrimental effects of having the vulnerable debtor to relocate or definitively lose ownership of their real 
estate.  
According to this scheme, in the event that a vulnerable debtor is declared insolvent or that enforcement 
proceedings regarding its main residence are initiated, the debtor may submit a request under the new 
regime for the sale and leaseback of its main residence by the sale-and-leaseback organisation, which, thus 
acquires ownership over the debtor’s real estate at market value price as determined by a certified 
valuator. However if the request under the new regime is made in the context of an auction and the first 
offer price is significantly higher (15% or more) than the valuation price, the purchase price shall be the 
lower of the first offer price or the price provided by a second independent evaluator. Following the 
acquisition of the vulnerable debtor’s main residence the sale-and-leaseback organisation shall lease the 
same real estate to the debtor for twelve years for a set amount of monthly rent (to be determined 
primarily based on the applicable housing loans’ average interest rate). The sale-and-leaseback 
organisation acquires the property right on the main residence free of any encumbrance or third party 
claim. The debtor maintains their status as beneficiary of the aforementioned housing benefits of Greek 
Law 4472/2017, which are now credited to the sale-and-leaseback organisation as a partial payment of the 
relevant rent. The lease shall be terminated in the event that the debtor has been in default with regards to 
the payment of three instalments and remains in default for at least one month after the relevant notice has 
been served. The termination of the lease shall lead to the abolishment of the debtor’s buyback rights. It is 
further noted that any rights of the debtor deriving from the lease are non-transferable, save for instances 
of universal succession. 
The debtor shall be entitled to re-purchase the real estate  at a price objectively determined under the 
provisions of Law 4738/2020 upon fulfilment of their rental payment obligations. After full repayment by 
the debtor (at the end of the 12-year period or prior to that), the latter (or its successors) is entitled to 
exercise a buyback right. The buyback price shall be determined pursuant to a Decision of the Minister of 
Finance, in accordance with Article 225 of Greek Law 4738/2020, yet to be issued. 
 
Non-performing loans and loans in arrears 
Pursuant to article 72 of Greek Law 4389/2016 a governmental council for private debt management (the 
“Council”) has been created, whose objective is, among others:  
(a) 
to form and disclose the strategy and policies for the organization of an integrated mechanism for 
the effective administration of private debt, as well as to form and review an action plan with 
binding timetables for the implementation of the abovementioned strategy;  
(b) 
to identify weaknesses and propose amendments to the existing legal framework, both in terms of 
substance and procedure to enhance the effectiveness of private debt resolution issues, including the 
acceleration of the procedures relating to delayed loan repayment and the improvement of the legal 
framework governing the real estate market; 
(c) 
to define actions of public awareness for the purpose of directly and efficiently informing and 
supporting citizens and other interested parties with respect to taking decisions on the above 
matters; 
(d) 
to create a network for the provision of free consultancy services to individuals and legal entities on 
debt management and for planning of financial management awareness for households and SMEs;   
(e) 
to set any timetables required for the implementation of a strategic plan for the efficient 
management of private debt and monitor whether such timetables are respected.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Council provided a definition of “cooperating borrower” specifying when a borrower is classified as 
cooperating towards his/her lenders and assessed a methodology for determining “reasonable living 
expenses”. 
Moreover, Greek Law 4389/2016 (article 78) provides for a specialised secretariat for private debt 
management responsible for a) supporting the governmental council’s for private debt management work, 
b) organizing and forming the policy for the provision of information and support to citizens interested in 
taking loans and to borrowers, as well as the financial education of households and small-medium 
enterprises, and c) business coordinating of the Steering Committee. Furthermore, Greek Law 4389/2016 
(article 81 as in force), also provides for 30 Borrowers’ Service Centers, as regional offices of the 
specialised secretariat for private debt management, responsible for informing and supporting natural and 
legal persons (households and small-medium enterprises) and providing financial, legal and consulting 
services regarding taking up loans, management of debts and in general financial management issues. By 
virtue of Article 3 of Greek Law 4738/2020, access to the same Borrowers’ Service Centers is expanded 
to all natural persons not deriving income through business activities. 
Additionally, Greek Law 4224/2013, as in force, provides for the establishment, by virtue of a decision of 
the Bank of Greece, of a Code of Conduct for NPLs. 
Greek Law 4224/2013, as in force, in conjunction with ministerial decision No. 5921/2015, provides that 
the consumer ombudsman will act extra judicially as mediator solely for the amicable settlement of the 
dispute between lenders and borrowers for the purpose of settling non- accruing loans within the 
framework of the Code of Conduct for the management of non- accruing loans. 
In the implementation of the above the Bank of Greece has published regulatory framework concerning 
the management of loans in arrears and non-accruing loans and specifically: 
• 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee’s Act No 175/29.7.2020 adopted EBA NPE Guidelines on 
management of non-performing and forborne exposures. ‘Credit institutions with a NPL ratio 
below 5% on a solo or consolidated basis shall apply certain provisions of this Act.  
This Act imposes, among others, the following obligations on credit institutions: 
(a) Credit institutions should establish an NPE strategy to target a time-bound reduction of NPEs 
over a realistic but sufficiently ambitious time horizon (NPE reduction targets). The NPE 
strategy should lay out the credit institution’s approach and objectives regarding effective 
management to maximise recoveries and ultimately a reduction in NPE stocks in a clear, 
credible and feasible manner for each relevant portfolio.  
(b) The overarching strategy of a credit institution and its implementation should cover the NPE 
strategy and operational plan. 
(c) Credit institutions should establish dedicated NPE workout units (NPE WUs) that are 
independent from loan origination activities. 
(d) Credit institutions should set up different NPE WUs for the different phases of the NPE life 
cycle and also for different portfolios, if appropriate. 
(e) Homogeneous portfolios should be built up in order to tailor treatments specifically to NPEs. 
Credit institutions should consider designing customised processes for each portfolio, with a 
dedicated expert team taking ownership of each. NPE portfolios should be analysed with a 
high degree of granularity, resulting in clearly defined borrower subportfolios. For these

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
analyses, credit institutions should develop appropriate management information systems 
(MIS) and sufficiently high data quality. 
(f) Effective and efficient internal control processes should be implemented for the NPE 
workout framework in order to ensure full alignment between the NPE strategy and 
operational plan on the one hand and the credit institution’s overall business strategy, 
including the NPE strategy and operational plan, and risk appetite on the other hand. 
(g) Forbearance measures should aim to return the borrower to a sustainable performing 
repayment status, taking into account the amount due and minimising expected losses. 
(h) Credit institutions should monitor the repayment capacity of borrowers. 
(i) When granting forbearance measures to performing exposures, credit institutions should 
assess whether these measures lead to a need to reclassify the exposure as non-performing. 
Granting forbearance measures to NPEs does not clear their non-performing status. 
(j) Credit institutions should estimate loss allowances for NPEs and FBEs subject to impairment 
in accordance with the Bank of Greece Executive Committee’ s Act No 150/3.10.2018 on 
credit risk management practices and accounting for expected credit losses. 
(k) Key elements are provided for collateral valuation of immovable and movable property 
pledged for NPEs 
(l) Regular reporting should be provided to the Board of Directors of each credit institutions and 
to the Bank of Greece. 
• 
Decision No.195/1/29.7.2016 of the Credit and Insurance Committee of the Bank of Greece 
revised the Code of Conduct under Greek Law 4224/2013. This Act lays down general principles 
of conduct and introduces provisions in relation to the procedures for risk assessment, valuation of 
the repayment ability, binding rules of conduct for the institutions with precise timelines, 
including the establishment of detailed and documented arrears resolution procedure and appeals 
review procedure, and terms of communication between institutions and borrowers. Furthermore, 
it introduces best practices, aimed to strengthen the climate of confidence, ensure engagement and 
information exchange between borrowers and lending institutions, so that each party can weigh 
the benefits or consequences of alternative forbearance or resolution and closure solutions for 
loans in arrears for which the loan agreement has not been terminated, with the ultimate goal of 
working out the most appropriate solution for the case in question. 
The Code of Conduct requires, inter alia, detailed written policies and procedures for loans in 
arrears, a detailed record with categorisation of loans and borrowers, standardization of the 
content of communications, compliance with the guidelines of the Code of Conduct as to the 
manner, timing and confidentiality of communications and specific requirements as to the 
procedures for loans in arrears, the procedures for the assessment of objections and the handling 
of "non-cooperating" borrowers. Each institution bound by the Code of Conduct must be in a 
position to evidence to the Bank of Greece its compliance with the requirements of the Code of 
Conduct. 
The provisions of this Code of Conduct shall apply to all supervised institutions that extend credit 
in Greece, including branches of foreign credit institutions and the financial institutions. 
In dealing with cases of borrowers in arrears or pre-arrears, every institution shall apply an 
Arrears Resolution Procedure (the ARP) involving the following steps:

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
Step 1: Communication with the borrower 
• 
Step 2: Collection of financial and other information 
• 
Step 3: Assessment of financial data 
• 
Step 4: Proposal of appropriate solutions to the borrower 
• 
Step 5: Appeals review procedure 
 
The Bank of Greece will not deal with individual cases of disputes between creditors and borrowers that 
may arise from the implementation of the Code of Conduct 
Capital requirements for banks’non-performing loans 
On 9 April 2019, the Council adopted a new framework for dealing with banks' non-performing loans. 
The new rules set capital requirements applying to banks with NPLs on their balance sheets. On the basis 
of a common definition of NPLs, the proposed new rules introduce a "prudential backstop", i.e. common 
minimum loss coverage for the amount of money banks need to set aside to cover losses caused by future 
loans that turn non-performing. Different coverage requirements will apply depending on the 
classifications of the NPLs as "unsecured" or "secured" and whether the collateral is movable or 
immovable: 
Minimum coverage level (in %) 
After year 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
Secured 
by
immovable collateral 
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
70% 
80% 
85% 
100 
% 
Secured by 
movable collateral 
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
80% 
100% 
 
 
Unsecured 
0% 
35% 100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsequently, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards 
minimum loss coverage for NPEs was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
Furthermore, according to the said Regulation by way of derogation from the new amended provisions of 
the Capital Requirements Regulation, institutions shall not deduct from CET1 items the applicable amount 
of insufficient coverage for NPEs where the exposure was originated prior to 26 April 2019. Where the 
terms and conditions of an exposure which was originated prior to 26 April 2019 are modified by the 
institution in a way that increases the institution's exposure to the obligor, the exposure shall be considered 
as having been originated on the date when the modification applies and shall cease to be subject to the 
derogation provided above. 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published final guidance on NPLs. The guidance outlined measures, 
processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The guidance called on 
banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach regarding the 
problem of NPLs, including areas such as governance and risk management. The ECB did not stipulate

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asked banks to devise a strategy that could include a range 
of policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales. 
The NPL guidance is non-binding in nature. However, banks should explain and substantiate any 
deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the SSM regular SREP 
and non-compliance may trigger supervisory measures. 
This guidance does not intend to substitute or supersede any applicable regulatory or accounting 
requirement or guidance from existing EU regulations or directives and their national transpositions or 
equivalent, or guidelines issued by the EBA. Instead, the guidance is a supervisory tool with the aim of 
clarifying the supervisory expectations regarding NPL identification, management, measurement and 
write-offs in areas where existing regulations, directives or guidelines are silent or lack specificity. Where 
binding laws, accounting rules and national regulations on the same topic exist, banks should comply with 
those. 
Moreover, on the 15 March 2018 the ECB published the addendum to the ECB Guidance to banks on 
NPLs. The addendum supplements the qualitative NPL guidance and specified the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. The addendum is non-binding and will serve 
as the basis for the supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB Banking Supervision. 
The addendum addresses loans classified as NPLs in line with the EBA’s definition after 1 April 2018. In 
fact, the addendum sets out an expectation that, as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured NPLs will be fully 
covered after a period of two years from the date of their classification as NPLs. For example, the 
supervisor would expect a loan that is classified as an unsecured NPL on 1 May 2018 to be fully 
provisioned for by May 2020. For new secured NPLs, a certain level of provisioning is expected after 
three years of classification as an NPL, or “NPL vintage”, which then increases over time until year seven. 
In this case, if a secured loan were classified as an NPL on 1 May 2018, the supervisor would expect this 
NPL to be at least 40% provisioned for by May 2021, and totally provisioned by May 2025. 
Furthermore, according to its press release dated 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its 
supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the “Addendum to the ECB 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans” (the “Addendum”). The decision was made after taking into 
account the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as 
regards minimum loss coverage for NPEs, that outlines the Pillar 1 treatment for NPEs. In order to make 
the treatment of NPEs more consistent, the following changes have been made to the supervisory 
expectations communicated in the ECB’s Addendum: 
• 
the scope of the ECB’s supervisory expectations for new NPEs will be limited to NPEs arising 
from loans originated before 26 April 2019, which are not subject to Pillar 1 NPE treatment; 
• 
NPEs arising from loans originated from 26 April 2019 onwards will be subject to Pillar 1 
treatment, with the ECB paying close attention to the risks arising from them; and 
• 
the relevant prudential provisioning time frames, the progressive path to full implementation and 
the split of secured exposures, as well as the treatment of NPEs guaranteed or insured by an 
official export credit agency, have been aligned with the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs set out in the 
EU regulation. 
All other aspects, including specific circumstances, which may make prudential provisioning expectations 
inappropriate for a specific portfolio/exposure, remain as described in the Addendum. Supervisory 
expectations for the stock of NPEs (i.e. loans classified as NPEs on 31 March 2018) remain unchanged, as 
communicated in the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process letters sent to banks and in the press 
release in July 2018. 
EBA guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs. The 
Guidelines, which apply from 30 June 2019 are developed in accordance with the European Council 
Action Plan and aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks in 
place to manage effectively their NPEs and to achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. To 
this end, the Guidelines require institutions to establish NPE reduction strategies and introduce 
governance and operational requirements to support them. In particular, the Guidelines specify that 
institutions should grant forbearance measures only with the view to return the borrower to a sustainable 
performing repayment status. Moreover, the Guidelines introduce a threshold of 5% of gross NPL ratio as 
a trigger for developing NPE strategies and applying associated governance and operational arrangements. 
Finally, the Guidelines outline requirements for competent authorities' assessment of credit institutions' 
NPE management activity as part of the SREP. The EBA NPE Guidelines were adopted by the Bank of 
Greece by virtue of Act No 175/2/29.7.2020 of its Executive Committee.  
Further to the above and in the context of the financial turmoil triggered by the COVID-19 outbreak, it has 
been decided that banks should be supported as they provide solutions to viable but distressed customers. 
Such support did not refer to stock of NPLs accumulated prior to the outbreak. 
More specifically, in relation to all exposures that will benefit from government guarantees issued by 
Member States in the context of public interventions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB, within 
its own remit, and within the context of the ECB Guidance on NPLs and the Addendum, extended 
flexibility on the automatic classification of obligors as unlikely to pay, when institutions call on the 
COVID-19 related public guarantees, as allowed under the Guidelines on the application of the definition 
of default issued by the European Banking Authority. 
The preferential treatment foreseen for NPLs guaranteed or insured by Official Export Credit Agencies 
was extended to non-performing exposures that benefit from guarantees granted by national governments 
or other public entities. This ensures alignment with the treatment provided in Regulation (EU) 2020/873 
(the “CRR Quick Fix”). Concretely, this means that banks would face a 0% minimum coverage 
expectation for the first seven years of the NPE vintage count. 
The ECB also extended flexibility to the NPL classification of exposures covered by qualifying legislative 
and non-legislative moratoria, following the EBA guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria 
on loan repayments applied in the light of the COVID-19 crisis. The EBA guidelines on legislative and 
non-legislative loan repayments moratoria were published on 2 April 2020 to ensure that banks, while 
maintaining comparable metrics, would be able to grant payment holidays to customers avoiding the 
automatic classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed 
restructuring. It should be noted that these guidelines were applicable until 30 September 2020, since the 
EBA does not consider adequate at this state the further extension of such an exceptional measure. The 
regulatory treatment set out in the Guidelines continued to apply to all payment holidays granted under 
eligible payment moratoria prior to 30 September 2020, thus avoiding cliff effects risks of having to 
reclassify existing loans abruptly at a later stage. Within the aforementioned framework, banks can 
continue supporting their customers with extended payment moratoria also after 30 September 2020, but 
such loans should be classified on a case-by-case basis according to the usual prudential framework. 
However, on 2 December 2020 the ECB decided to reactivate its guidelines until 31 March 2021. 
Guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs 
On 17 December 2018, the EBA published the final guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs. Such 
disclosure shall provide the market participants and interested parties a clearer picture of the banks’ assets, 
NPEs’ and FBEs’ main features and, in cases of bad banks, the allocation of their troubled assets and the 
value of the collaterals backing such assets. The Guidelines include a group of common standards 
applicable to any bank and another group of additional standards applicable to significant credit 
institutions with gross NPL ratio at 5% or higher.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Asset protection scheme (“Hercules”) for banks in Greece 
On 10 October 2019, the European Commission announced that it has found Greek plans aimed at 
supporting the reduction of NPLs of Greek banks to be free of any State aid. The Commission found that, 
under the asset protection scheme (known by the name of “Hercules”), the Greek State will be 
remunerated in line with market conditions for the risk it will assume by granting a guarantee on 
securitised NPLs. “Hercules” is designed to assist banks in securitising and moving NPLs off their balance 
sheets. Under the scheme, an individually managed, private securitisation vehicle will buy NPLs from the 
bank and sell notes to investors. The State will provide a public guarantee for the senior, less risky notes 
of the securitisation vehicle. In exchange, the State will receive remuneration at market terms. 
Greek Law 4649/2019 (“Hercules”) provides the terms and conditions under which State guarantee may 
be provided in the context of NPL securitisation by credit institutions under the asset protection scheme. 
This law provides for the conditions under which the securitisation must be implemented in order to 
qualify for the provision of the State guarantee, in line with decision no. C (2019)7309 of the European 
Commission. Such conditions provide, inter alia, that the notes to be issued in the context of the 
securitisation must include at least senior and junior notes and the price paid to the Greek banks for the 
sale and transfer of NPLs cannot exceed their aggregate net asset value. The Greek State guarantee will be 
provided in favour of senior notes for the full repayment of principal and interest thereunder throughout 
the term of the notes. The aggregate commitment of the Greek State under the new law amounts to € 12 
billion. Applications for the provision of the Greek state guarantee may be filed by credit institutions, 
either in the context of securitisations that have already been implemented or for securitisations that are 
currently in the process of implementation exclusively within 18 months as of 10 October 2019, i.e. by 10 
April 2021 or such other date as may be designated by a ministerial decision on the basis of a decision of 
the European Commission. 
The Greek State guarantee becomes effective upon (i) transfer through sale against positive value, of at 
least 50% plus one of the issued junior notes to private investors and of such number of junior notes, and 
(if issued) mezzanine notes that allows the derecognition of the securitised receivables, (ii) rating of the 
senior tranche of the notes being rated at no less than BB- by an External Credit Assessment Institution (as 
defined in point (98) of Article 4(1) of the Capital Requirements Regulation) and (iii) assignment of the 
administration of the securitised NPL portfolio to an independent special purpose vehicle. If the State 
guarantee has not become effective within 12 months as of the publication of the respective Ministerial 
Decision granting the guarantee, then such decision ceases automatically to be in force and the amount of 
the guarantee is released. There can be no new application for the same securitisation before the lapse of 
six months. A ministerial decision will be issued to set out the details for the implementation of the 
aforementioned law. 
Framework for the management and transfer of claims 
Articles 1-3A of Greek Law 4354/2015, as amended and in force, as well as Executive Committee Act 
118/19.5.2017, as amended by Executive Committee Act 153/1/8.01.2019 and in force, establish the 
framework for the management and transfer of claims from loans that can include non-accruing loans and 
set the requirements for the operation of loan management companies and loan transfer companies. 
Certain loan categories had been temporarily excluded from the scope of the permitted sale and transfer 
until 31 December 2017; in particular, such exclusion includes loan agreements with mortgage or 
prenotation of mortgage on first residence of an objective value of up to €140,000. 
Bank of Greece’s Executive Committee Act no 153/08.01.2019 amended Executive Committee Act 
118/19.5.2017 on the framework for the management and transfer of claims from loans and the 
requirements for the operation of loan management companies and loan transfer companies. The 
amendments, include among others provisions regarding banning of management of claims against natural 
and/or legal person who maintain a “special relationship” with the aforementioned companies and the

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
obligation of the said companies to cooperate with accredited data collection and processing entities with 
regard to the economic behavior and the creditworthiness of debtors. 
The management of claims from loans and credit granted by credit or financial institutions shall be 
undertaken, exclusively by Sociétés Anonymes having their registered offices: 
(a) 
in Greece; or 
(b) 
in another EEA Member State, which have established a branch in Greece and have the 
aforementioned business activities in their scope. 
Bank of Greece is the competent authority for the issuance of the respective license for such companies. 
Furthermore, the aforementioned companies, following a relevant authorization by Bank of Greece, may 
grant loans or credit to debtors whose loans and/or credit have been managed by them, aiming exclusively 
at the refinancing of the debtors’ loans or the restructuring of the debtor business on the basis of a 
restructuring plan agreed between the parties and under the consent of the claims’ owner. 
In relation to the agreements for the assignment of claims’ management from non-accruing loans, Greek 
Law 4354/2015 lays down that non-accruing loans management companies may undertake the 
management of claims from loans and/or credit, which have been granted or are granted by credit or 
financial institutions. Said management companies are entitled to initiate any legal proceedings and to 
proceed with any other judicial measures for the collection of claims. 
The transfer of claims from credits and loans granted by credit or financial institutions can take place only 
through sale, under relevant written agreement, in accordance with the provisions in article 3 of Greek 
Law 4354/2015, as in force, and only to: 
(a) 
limited liability companies that according to their Articles of Association are allowed to engage in 
acquiring claims from loans and credits and they are seated in Greece and are also registered in 
General Commercial Registry (“GEMI”); 
(b) 
companies that are seated in the EEA and according to their Articles of Association are allowed to 
engage in in acquiring claims from loans and credits and subject to the provisions of the European 
Union legislation; and 
(c) 
in companies that are seated in third countries, and according to their Articles of Association are 
allowed to engage in acquiring claims from loans and credits, subject to the provisions of the 
European Union legislation and have the discretion to be located in Greece through a branch under 
certain conditions. 
A necessary condition in order for the claims of the credit or financial institutions from non-performing 
loans to be offered for sale, is the extrajudicial invitation of the borrower and the guarantor, if the 
borrower is considered a consumer, within twelve (12) months prior to the offer to arrange its obligations 
on the basis of a written offer for an appropriate arrangement with specific payment terms according also 
to the provision of the Code of Conduct. Disputed or adjudicated claims as well as claims against non-
cooperative, are excluded from the above-mentioned condition. 
Furthermore, by virtue of article 48 of Greek Law 4472/2017 certain provisions of Greek Law 4354/2015 
were amended. In line with the new provisions, the credit servicing firms are also allowed to manage the 
property that was offered as collateral for the respective loans and credits and has been transferred to the 
beneficiary of the claim. However, these firms are not allowed to acquire, via transfer or assignment or 
voluntary sale or auction, any property related to the loans and credits serviced by them. Also, the new 
assignee, upon transfer of claims from NPLs, continues the procedure of the Code of Conduct from where 
it was stopped before the transfer, while, in line with the former provisions, any new assignee would 
restart the ARP of the Code of Conduct (Credit and Insurance Committee Decision 116/25.8.2014).

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
European NPL transaction platforms 
The Council Action Plan to Tackle NPLs in Europe also called on the ECB, the EBA and the Commission 
to consider setting up NPL transaction platforms in order to stimulate the development of secondary 
markets. In November 2018, a staff working document was published on the potential set-up of such 
platforms, drafted jointly with staff from the ECB and EBA. It outlines how such a vehicle could work in 
practice. Union-wide NPL transaction platforms would be electronic marketplaces where holders of NPLs 
– banks and non-bank creditors – and interested investors can exchange information on and trade in NPL 
portfolios. Such platforms have the potential to address several current sources of market failure in the 
secondary market for NPLs, including asymmetry of information between sellers and buyers and high 
transaction costs. 
Following up on the staff working document, the Commission held a roundtable on 15 January 2019 with 
stakeholders from industry, EBA and ECB in order to kick-start work on achieving Union-wide NPL 
platforms. This meeting allowed for a useful exchange of information and views with, and between, 
stakeholders. In order to advance towards such platforms, private stakeholders should agree on the 
concrete forms for developing and issuing industry standards for European NPL platforms. With this 
objective in mind, the Commission, together with the ECB and the EBA, is continuing to play a key role 
in facilitating concrete progress towards the emergence of Union-wide NPL platforms. As a next step, the 
Commission will organise a second roundtable with stakeholders. 
Settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State 
Ministerial Decision 2/94253/0025, published on 31 December 2018 and with effect one month after its 
publication, set the terms and conditions for the settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State 
pursuant to article 103 of Greek Law 4549/2018. Specifically, according to article 103 of Greek Law 
4549/2018 and the said Decision, credit institutions and borrowers, natural persons and businesses, may 
proceed with settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State, without the intervention of the Greek 
State, according to the ordinary banking criteria, on the basis of increasing the probability of repayment of 
the loan by the borrower. The settlement of the aforementioned loans is concluded under specific terms 
and conditions specified in the Ministerial Decision, but without any increase in the liability of the Greek 
State under the guarantee. 
Ministerial Decision 2/76040/0025 with effect from 30 November 2019 regulates the procedure for 
electronic confirmation and write-off of debts guaranteed by the Greek State. This Decision states a 
specific electronic procedure to be followed so that the Greek State shall pay the debts it has guaranteed. It 
is noted that the same Decision also refers to cases in which the Greek State, even though involved as 
guarantor, is entitled to not pay, if the debtor has failed to pay. 
Extrajudicial debt settlement mechanism for businesses under Greek Law 4469/2017 (applications 
submitted until 30 April 2020) 
Greek Law 4469/2017, as amended and in force provided for an extrajudicial procedure for settling debts 
towards any creditor, which derive from the debtor’s business activity or other cause, provided that the 
settlement of those debts is considered vital by the participants in order to secure the debtor’s business 
viability. 
Applications under this framework could be submitted electronically to the Special Private Debt 
Management Secretariat (“EGDICH”) by 30 April 2020 on the dedicated electronic platform in 
EGDICH’s website. 
The approval of the debt restructuring proposal requires the debtor's consent and the formation of a 
majority of 3/5 of participating creditors, which includes 2/5 of participating creditors with special 
privilege.  
The extrajudicial procedure is concluded by the execution of a debt restructuring agreement between the

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
debtor and consenting creditors, otherwise the procedure is deemed unsuccessful. Creditors whose claims 
do not exceed certain thresholds are excluded from the scope of this extrajudicial procedure and are not 
bound by the debt restructuring agreement. The debtor or a participating creditor may submit an 
application for ratification of the debt restructuring agreement to the Multi-Member Court of First 
Instance of the debtor's registered seat. 
In case the debtor fails to pay any amount due to any of the creditors in accordance with the terms of the 
debt restructuring agreement for more than ninety (90) days, the creditor has the right to request 
cancellation of the agreement towards all parties. 
It is noted that, when more financial institutions or firms under Greek Law 4354/2015 have acquired or 
manage overdue receivables of the same debtor, provided there is sufficient evidence of the debtor's 
inability to fulfil his financial obligations, they may cooperate to submit a common proposal to the debtor, 
in order to reach a sustainable solution.  
By means of Joint Ministerial Decision No 130060/29.11.2017, as modified, a simplified procedure was 
introduced for businesses eligible to apply for an extra judicial debt settlement mechanism under Greek 
Law 4469/2017, with total debt up to €300,000. 
The out-of-court debt settlement process pursuant to Greek Law 4738/2020  
Articles 5-30 of Greek Law 4738/2020 (“The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law”), 
in force from 1 June 2021, establishes a new Out-of-Court Debt Settlement mechanism (which replaces 
the procedure of Greek Law 4469/2017).  
Within the context of the out-of-court debt settlement process provided for by Greek Law 4738/2020, 
individuals or legal entities, eligible to be declared insolvent, may apply for extrajudicial settlement of 
their monetary liabilities to the Greek State or financial institutions and social security institutions 
provided they do not fall under certain exemptions (e.g. 90% of a debtor’s liabilities being owed to a 
single institution). The creditors may accept said invitation at their sole discretion. It is noted that entities 
falling outside the scope of said law, such as investment service providers, mutual funds, credit and (re-
)insurance institutions may not apply as debtors for this out-of-court settlement. The process may also be 
initiated by creditors with an invitation to debtor(s) to apply within 45 days. Out-of-court settlement 
applications and relevant creditor invitations will be filed digitally to the Special Secretariat for the 
Administration of Private Debt through the EGDICH electronic platform. 
With respect to the filing of an out-of-court settlement application, so long as the process is not 
terminated, the procedure of Code of Conduct for NPLs, as well as any enforcement actions and measures, 
pending or not, are automatically suspended. The approval of the debt restructuring proposal requires the 
debtor's consent and the formation of a majority of 3/5 of participating creditors – financial institutions (in 
terms of nominal debt value), which includes 2/5 of participating creditors with special privilege. If the 
agreement concerns a loan secured with the debtor’s main residence, then a subsidy (up to an amount of 
€210) may be granted for instalments due for a period of five years under certain conditions. Should a 
debt settlement agreement not be signed by the debtor and the participating creditors within two months of 
the application submission date, the application will be rejected. The debt settlement agreement can be 
terminated by any creditor whose claims are covered by the settlement if the debtor is in default for an 
aggregate amount equal either to three payment instalments or 3% of the total amount due under the 
settlement agreement. Termination of the debt settlement agreement will result in the reinstatement of the 
debtor’s liabilities to the terminating creditor to the pre-settlement debt amount less any amount already 
paid under the settlement to that date but will not affect the validity and enforceability of the settlement 
agreement vis-à-vis other covered creditors.  
It is noted that the performance of debts secured via mortgage of the main residence of the debtor is 
partially subsidized by the Greek State. The subsidy is provided for five years, commencing on the date of 
submission of the application. The subsidy requirements include, inter alia, a de minimis provision 
regarding the amounts owed to the Greek State and Social Security Institutions (set at €20,000 ), as well as

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
a cap to the amounts owed to each creditor (set at a €135,000 for individuals and a maximum of €215,000 
per household). Finally, article 30 of Greek law 4738/2020 provides the ability for credit institutions to 
establish common policies regarding (indicatively) the conditions of processing and approval of 
applications, a procedure of automated processing, the establishing of notification mechanisms for clients 
susceptible to financial hardship etc. 
Early warning mechanism and borrowers’ service centres  
Articles 1-3 of Greek Law 4738/2020 (“The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law”), 
in force from 1 June 2021, introduce an early warning electronic mechanism, supervised by the Special 
Secretariat for Private Debt Administration of Ministry of Finance, in which debtors who apply are 
classified in three risk levels (low, medium and high). If a debtor has been classified as of medium or high 
risk and is a natural person, then depending on their profession or business activity, they can contact either 
the competent Borrower Service Centers (if they don’t earn income from said business or freelance 
activity) or the relevant Professional Chambers and Associations (if they earn income from said business 
or freelance activity), so that the debtor may receive free, specialised advice relating to the status of their 
debts and the possible options for settling them under the Law 4738/2020.  
Settlement of business debts 
Settlement of business debts under Greek Law 4307/2014 and Greek law 4738/2020 
Greek Law 4307/2014, among others, provided for urgent interim measures for the relief of private debt, 
especially debt of viable small businesses and professionals towards financial institutions (namely credit 
institutions, leasing and factoring companies, provided they are under the supervision of the Bank of 
Greece), the Hellenic Republic and Social Security Institutions, as well as for emergency procedures for 
the reorganization or liquidation of operating indebted but viable businesses, provided certain pre-
conditions were met. 
Greek Law 4738/2020 has replaced, as of 1 March 2021 Greek Law 4307/2014 by integrating the latter’s 
provisions on the power of the liquidator to conduct a public tender for the sale of the (total of) debotr’s 
assets/sectors of the business to its framework. The expedited liquidation process is followed pursuant to a 
relevant decision of the bankruptcy court on the liquidation of the business or individual operational units. 
Pursuant to the new framework (article 265 par. 1 case c’ of Greek Law 4738/2020), there will be no 
capacity to submit new applications in accordance with articles 68-77 of Greek Law 4307/2014, which 
will, however, remain into force, for proceedings initiated before 1 March 2021. Extraordinarily, if the 
creditors’ meeting so decides (in the context of a special administration) the process will be able to 
continue under the provisions of Greek Law 4738/2020 being applied by means of analogy. 
The main differences between the previously applicable and the new expedited liquidation process are the 
following:  
a. A notary public is hired to conduct the auction. 
b. The auction is carried-out electronically, (namely through the e-auction platform). 
c. The creditors’ meeting has a more important role, as it approves the liquidator’s choice to 
liquidate one or more business sectors or separate assets. It may provide its approval subject to 
specific conditions (e.g. an amelioration of the proposed sale price). 
In the event that individual assets are liquidated, it is also the objective of Greek Law 4738/2020 to 
expedite the process. In particular, although the procedural aspects are the same as those of Greek Code of 
Civil Procedure, it is noted that there is no legal remedy that can be used to challenge the initial offering 
price set by independent evaluators.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Interest Rates 
Under Greek Law interest rates applicable to bank loans are not subject to a legal maximum, but they 
must comply with certain requirements intended to ensure clarity and transparency, including with regard 
to their readjustments. Specifically, Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2501/31.10.2002 and 
Decision No. 178/19.7.2004 of the Banking and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece provide that 
credit institutions operating in Greece should, among others, determine their interest rates in the context of 
the open market and free competition rules, taking into consideration the risks undertaken on a 
case-by-case basis, as well as potential changes in the financial conditions and data and information 
specifically provided by parties for this purpose. 
Limitations apply to the compounding of interest under Greek Law. In particular, the compounding of 
interest with respect to bank loans and credits only applies if the relevant agreement so provides and is 
subject to limitations that apply under article 30 of Greek Law 2789/2000 as in force and article 39 of 
Greek Law 3259/2004, as in force. Greek credit institutions must also apply article 150 of CRD Law on 
interest rates of loans and other credits pursuant to which credit institutions are precluded from 
recognising on an accrual basis interest on loans or other credits extended, in any form. After the lapse of 
a time period during which recognised interest on loans or other credits remains overdue, which may not 
exceed six (6) months with respect to loans to natural persons fully secured by real estate and three (3) 
months with respect to debts from other credits. After the expiry of the above time period, they shall only 
be allowed to carry out non-accounting calculation of interest, including any default and compound 
interest, where allowed, which shall be entered in accounting records if and when collected. 
Moreover, according to Article 150, paragraph 2, of the CRD Law it is prohibited to grant new loans for 
the repayment of overdue interest or to enter into debt settlement having a similar result, unless such 
actions are taken in the context of an agreement for the settlement of the entirety of the debts of the 
borrower, which shall be based on a detailed examination of the borrower’s capacity to fulfill the 
undertaken obligations under specific time frames. Credit institutions based in Greece may not capitalise 
interest unless this is provided for in the original medium- to long-term financing agreement or in the 
overall agreement for the settlement of the entirety of the debts of the borrower referred to herein above. 
Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2393/15.7.96 provides that default interest applied by credit 
institutions shall not exceed the aggregate applicable contractual interest more than a maximum 
percentage of 2.5% annually. 
Secured Lending 
According to Greek Law 4261/2014, article 11, among the activities that Greek credit institutions are 
permitted to engage is lending including, inter alia: consumer credit, credit agreements relating to 
immovable property, factoring, with or without recourse, financing of commercial transactions (including 
forfeiting). 
The provisions of legislative decree 17.7/13.08.1923 regulate issues regarding the granting of loans 
secured by in rem rights and Greek Law 3301/2004 regulates issues regarding financial collateral 
arrangements. 
Mortgage lending is extended mostly on the basis of mortgage pre-notations, which are less expensive and 
easier to record than mortgages and may be converted into full mortgages upon final non-appealable court 
judgment. 
European Directive 2014/17/EU on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable 
property lays down a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions of Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage 
or otherwise relating to residential immovable property, including an obligation to carry out a 
creditworthiness assessment before granting a credit, as a basis for the development of effective

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
underwriting standards in relation to residential immovable property in Member States, and for certain 
prudential and supervisory requirements, including for the establishment and supervision of credit 
intermediaries, appointed representatives and non-credit institutions. In Greece, the aforementioned 
Directive has been transposed into Greek legislation by virtue of Greek Law 4438/2016 (published in 
Government Gazette 220/A/28.11.2016). The main provisions of Greek Law 4438/2016, include among 
others, consumer information requirements, principle based rules and standards for the performance of 
services (e.g. conduct of business obligations, competence and knowledge requirements for staff), a 
consumer creditworthiness assessment obligation, provisions on early repayment, provisions on foreign 
currency loans, provisions on tying practices, some high-level principles and a passport for credit 
intermediaries who meet the admission requirements in their home Member State. 
Compulsory Deposits with the Bank of Greece 
The compulsory reserve requirement framework has been amended in accordance with Eurosystem 
regulations. As from January 2012 according to ECB Regulation 1745/2003 as amended by the 
Regulations 1052/2008, 1358/2011, 1376/2014 and 2016/1705 the compulsory reserve requirement ratio 
set by Eurosystem regulation is 1% for all categories of liabilities (such as deposits and debt securities 
issued) to clients comprising the commitment base, with the exception of the following categories, to 
which a zero ratio applies: 
• 
deposits with agreed maturity over two years; 
• 
deposits redeemable at notice over two years; 
• 
repos; and 
• 
debt securities issued with agreed maturity over two years. 
This commitment ratio applies to all credit institutions in Greece. 
Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral 
The Hellenic Bank Association on 21 July 2015 announced that banks operating in Greece will continue 
until the end of 2015 to provide protection of main residence to borrowers under the provisions of Greek 
Law 4224/2013. According to Greek Law 4224/2013 enforcement of auctions concerning the main 
residence of individuals was suspended from 1 January 2014 until 31 December 2014 under the condition 
that law’s criteria were cumulatively met with specific characteristics of the financial status of debtors, 
e.g. thresholds of income and real estate values. Those properties that did not fall under the criteria of that 
law were no longer protected from foreclosure and auction proceedings. During the aforementioned 
suspensions, debtors were obliged to pay monthly instalments. Nevertheless, in exceptional cases (e.g., 
debtors with no income), there was an option of zero amount payments.  
Furthermore, due to the difficulties caused by the imposition of the capital controls, any enforcement 
action and primarily auctions, seizures, evictions, were suspended from 21 July 2015 (by virtue of the 
ministerial decision no. 49214/21.07.2015, as extended, through successive ministerial decisions) to 
October 2015 and then lifted by an official announcement of the Ministry of Justice, Transparency and 
Human Rights, on 2 November 2015. 
A prolonged abstention by lawyers, bailiffs and notaries that commenced in January 2016 and ended in 
November 2017 for all parties restrained the Bank from proceeding to enforcement, seizures and auctions 
of any real estate during that period.   
Enforcement of collateral has been also affected by Greek Law 3869/2010, regarding settlement of 
indebted individuals’ debts through a court application. At 31 December 2019 and 30 June 2020, 52,492 
and 49,885 customers that had applied to the court under the provisions of Greek Law 3869/2010 had

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
outstanding balances of €3,089 million and €2,893 million respectively. Historically, as of 30 September 
2020 38% were rejected and 62% were accepted (see paragraph “Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted 
Individuals” above for the protection of main residence of individuals applying for debt settlement). 
In particular, for out-of-court debt settlement mechanism regulated by Greek Law 4738/2020, any 
individual and collective enforcement measures against the debtor, pending or not, regarding claims the 
settlement of which is pursued through this mechanism, are automatically suspended following the 
execution of a debt settlement agreement. The suspension commences from the submission of the debtor’s 
application to initiate the process, however, any auction that has been scheduled within three months 
following the debtor’s application will not be covered by the suspension. Any preparatory action taken by 
a secured creditor with a view to conducting an auction will also not be affected by the suspension. 
Furthermore and with respect to the business debt settlement process, pursuant to Greek Law 4469/2017, 
from the point that the invitation for participation is sent by the coordinator to the creditors and for a 
period of 90 days, any individual and collective enforcement measures against the debtor, pending or not, 
for the satisfaction of claims the settlement of which is pursued through the extrajudicial debt settlement, 
are automatically suspended. The above suspension includes any request for preventive measures and the 
registration of a prenotation of mortgage, unless the taking of preventive measures aims at the prevention 
of the depreciation of the debtor’s business due to the disposal of its assets. The suspension of 
enforcement measures continued to apply after the expiry of the 90-day period and until the completion of 
the extrajudicial procedure, provided that the non-completion of the procedure within the above period is 
due to the receipt of extension by creditors for actions, and only against those creditors. If a prolongation 
is requested after the 90 days have elapsed, the suspension applied to the creditor requesting the extension 
and for as long as that extension takes place. The above suspension ceases automatically in case: a) the 
procedure is terminated without success for any reason, or b) a decision is taken by the majority of the 
participating creditors to that effect. 
Constraints on enforcement of granted collateral were further limited by the commencement of electronic 
auctions by virtue of Greek Law 4472/2017. The first electronic auction took place in November 2017. 
Though Greek Law 4472/2017 has introduced electronic auctions, Greek Law 4512/2018 imposed that all 
auctions shall be performed only electronically from 21 February 2018, except for auctions that shall be 
performed under the Code of Collecting Public Revenue where the aforementioned apply from 1 May 
2018. The e-auction platform is also used for any liquidation proceedings conducted under the new Greek 
Law 4738/2020. Article 168 paragraph 2 of Greek Penal Code, as amended by Greek Law 4637/2019, 
further provides that it is a criminal action for anyone to cause interruption or disruption of the proper 
conduct of the service or auction.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
THE MORTGAGE AND HOUSING MARKET IN GREECE  
The first mortgage lending institution, the National Mortgage Bank of Greece, was established in 1927, 
followed by the National Housing Bank in 1930. Both institutions were under government control but 
have since been merged with the National Bank of Greece. Since then, another three institutions under 
government control have become active in the field of mortgage lending: the Postal Savings Bank 
(Tachydromiko Tamieftirio), the Consignment Deposits and Loans Fund (Tamio Parakatathikon kai 
Daneion) and the Agricultural Bank, with the first two providing loans to civil servants and the latter 
providing loans mainly to those in the agricultural industry. In 1985, the state monopoly of mortgage 
lending was ended, allowing commercial banks to enter the market, provided that their mortgage 
financing did not exceed 2.0% of their deposits. From the early 1990’s onwards the mortgage loans 
market was rapidly deregulated and, as a result, many commercial banks operating in Greece (both 
foreign and national) have increased their presence in this market as well as in the broader region of 
SEE. 
As at the end of 2015, the four largest lenders in the Greek residential mortgage market were National 
Bank of Greece, Alpha Bank, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank, together accounting for almost 100.0% of the 
total market. 
Mortgage lending growth, which recorded a strong expansion between 2001 and 2007, remained 
relatively resilient until H1:2008, but followed a steep downward trend after the intensification of 
international financial crisis, following the collapse of the Lehman Brothers and the sharp 
deterioration of macroeconomic conditions and asset valuations in Q1:2009. Financial market 
conditions have deteriorated sharply since 2010, which marked the beginning of a long period of 
shrinking market activity, continuous deleveraging and decline of real estate valuations. In this 
respect, in the period 2008-2017 the outstanding balance of mortgage loans declined by 24.3% 
cumulatively, the non-performing loans (“NPL”) ratio increased to 47.2% in 2017 from 5.7% in 2008, 
with house prices declining by 42.0% cumulatively in the same period showing, however, a recovery 
in 2018-2019 (Sources: Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking Statistics and Real Estate Statistics). 
The Greek crisis took a severe toll on economic activity, on household incomes and decisions for new 
household formation, as well as on liquidity conditions and economic sentiment, giving rise to a period of 
severe adjustment in the real estate market that continued until Q4:2017. Following the Hellenic 
Republic’s loss of access to market financing in April 2010, three financial support Programmes, under 
certain policy conditionality, had been activated in 2010, 2012 and 2015, respectively, for restoring 
significant fiscal imbalances and implementing an agreed set of structural reforms. The first two 
Programmes were pre-emptively terminated and only the Third Programme, activated in August 2015, 
was successfully concluded in August 2018. 
In this environment, the Greek real estate market suffered a severe adjustment. House prices declined by 
42.2% cumulatively between their peak in Q3:2008 and Q4:2017, while commercial prices (for which 
data are only available since H1:2010) by 27.5% cumulatively between H1:2010 and H2:2017 (Source: 
Bank of Greece, Real estate database), as a result of sharply deteriorating macroeconomic and financial 
conditions. The adverse macroeconomic and market conditions led to a sharp reduction in supply and 
demand of mortgage loans and triggered a protracted period of deleveraging that continued until end-
2019, with the outstanding stock of mortgage loans declining by €4.1 billion in FY:2019, to €52.7 billion 
in December 2019. The cumulative decline between the peak of €81.5 billion in mortgage loan balances 
in 2010 and their level in December 2019 reached €28.7 billion or 35.3% (Source: Bank of Greece, 
Monetary and Banking Statistics). 
The Greek real estate market, after bottoming out in 2017, showed the first signs of recovery in 2018, 
when house prices recorded the first annual increases in almost 10 years. The recovery in the Greek real 
estate market gained additional traction in 2019, accompanied by a pick-up in market transactions 
(mostly self-financed) and a joint increase in rents and prices in both commercial and residential market

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
segments. Following an annual increase of 7.2% year-over-year in 2019, the real estate market showed 
remarkable resilience to the COVID-19 shock, with residential prices increasing by 4.6% year-over-year 
in 9M:2020 (3.2% year-over-year in Q3:2020, Source: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of Conjuctural 
Indicators, November-December 2020). Residential construction activity rose by 20.2% year-over-year 
in 9M:2020, according to the national accounts data, suggesting that the sizeable market adjustment in 
the previous years offset the near-term pressure from uncertainty and the drop in foreign demand, along 
with the drastic shrinkage in the number of properties rented through short-term rental platforms, mainly 
by tourists (Source: EL.STAT., Gross fixed capital formation, 3rd Quarter 2020). 
Mortgage Products 
The Greek mortgage market is characterised as a matured market, with fairly standard products on offer, 
although, in the last few years, this has further expanded to include a variety of newer and more 
sophisticated products, due to increasing demand from borrowers and strong competition among lenders. 
Currently, most banks offer the following mortgage products: 
(a) 
long-term fixed rate mortgages (accounting for a small percentage of the market); 
(b) 
medium-term fixed rate mortgages for an initial period up to 15 years, converting to a floating rate 
thereafter; 
(c) 
floating rate mortgages, based on EURIBOR or ECB refinancing rates; 
(d) 
mortgages with floating rates which are subsidised up to a certain amount and for a specific period 
of time by the Greek States; and  
(e) 
preferential floating rate mortgages granted in favor of the banks’ employees. 
Typically, mortgage loans have a term of 15 to 30 years, although the maximum term is 40 years. 
Annuity loans are the most common form of repayment, while interest-only loans account for only a 
very small proportion of total loans. 
The Greek Housing Market 
Real estate has long been one of the pillars of economic growth in Greece in previous decades. In this 
respect, the residential property market traditionally played a relatively more important role in the Greek 
economy, compared with most other euro area countries. The estimated value of household wealth held 
in residential real estate was 510.0% of GDP by end-2009, compared with 430.0% of GDP for the euro 
area as a whole (Source: Bank of Greece estimates) and residential investment accounted for a relatively 
large share of total investment for almost 5 decades. In 2007, the share of residential investment in GDP 
reached the highest point for this decade of 9.9% of GDP (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly Gross fixed 
capital formation database). Apartments are the most common type of property available, with 
maisonettes and detached houses being, usually, restricted to the more affluent city areas. 
Strong disposable income growth and low real interest rates, in addition to positive demographic trends 
between the early 1990s and 2006, related mainly to the significant increase in the immigrant population 
(which has reached an estimated 7.0% of the total population in 2001 from 0.6% in the late 1980s, 
Source: EL.STAT., Population and Housing census 2001 database and Population and Housing census 
1991 database) and an acceleration in the pace of new household formation during the 1990s, 
contributed to the observed dynamism of the real estate market. This trend also reflected other 
supportive socioeconomic factors, relating to changes in the traditional family structure during the same 
period, with younger members preferring to live on their own and the growth in secondary/holiday 
homes. The average household size decreased to 2.7 persons in 2006 from 3.1 in 1994, remaining above 
the euro area average of 2.4 (Source: Eurostat Database).

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Mortgage lending showed a steady expansion of 26.8% per year, on average, in 2003-2007, starting from 
a very low base in the early 2000s (Source: Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking Statistics) supported 
also by a sharp decline in lending rates that has accompanied the EMU participation (about 800 bps 
between 1998 and 2002). A sharp market adjustment, following the eruption of the Greek crisis in 2009, 
took a severe toll on economic activity, household incomes and decisions for new household formation, 
as well as on liquidity conditions and economic sentiment. The reduction in residential valuations and 
activity has been particularly protracted and continued until 2017, with the correction in real estate 
valuations and related market activity ending in 2017 and a recovery starting in 2018, while gaining 
additional traction in 2019 and in the first three quarters of 2020, despite the eruption of the COVID-19 
crisis. 
The significant correction in the real estate market between 2008 and 2017 reflected a broad-based 
deterioration in the private sector’s financial position, increasing property taxes and deleveraging. The 
above adjustment in the residential market exceeded significantly the cumulative contraction in key 
drivers of residential valuations, such as real GDP and the nominal disposable income of households, 
which recorded cumulative declines of 28.8% and 33.9%, respectively, between Q3:2008 (when activity 
reached a peak) and Q4:2017 (Sources: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts, 3rd Quarter 2020, 
December 2020 and EL.STAT., Quarterly Non-Financial Sector Accounts, 3rd Quarter 2020, January 
2021). According to the quarterly national accounts data on fixed investment, total investment in 
construction declined by 74.0%, cumulatively, between Q3:2008 and Q4:2017, with residential 
construction declining by 93.3%, cumulatively, in the same period (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly Gross 
fixed capital formation by Asset, Chain-linked volumes, reference year 2010, 3rd Quarter 2020, 
December 2020). 
House prices increased by 1.8% year-over-year in FY:2018, responding gradually to improving 
macroeconomic conditions. This recovery gained additional traction in 2019, with house prices 
increasing by 7.2% year-over-year in FY:2019 – the strongest annual pace in 14 years – and maintained 
its dynamic in 9M:2020 (increase in house prices by 4.6% year-over-year), despite adverse effects from 
the toll of the COVID-19 pandemic in the economy. Positive annual growth has been recorded in all 
market segments (new and old apartments) and regions, with the Athens area outperforming the market 
average (7.5% year-over-year in 9M:2020), showing resilience despite the sharp decline in external 
demand, which was a major driver of the market in previous years (such as tourism-related demand, 
mainly through short-term rental platforms and the “Golden Visa program” which is conditioned on the 
acquisition of property with a value of €250 thousand or higher, Source: Bank of Greece, Real estate 
statistics). In this vein, prices of prime commercial spaces (average of retail and office prices) increased 
by 2.5%, year-over-year, on average, in H1:2020 following increases of 5.6% year-over-year and 5.5% 
year-over-year in 2018 and 2019, respectively. As in the case of the residential market, the Athens area 
outperformed the commercial real estate market average in H1:2020 (increases in office and retail prices 
of 2.8% year-over-year and 1.5% year-over-year, respectively, latest available data, Source: Bank of 
Greece, Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, November-December 2020). 
The joint share of total construction and residential investment in GDP declined steadily in the 9 years to 
2016, with total construction reaching a historical low of 4.5% of GDP in 2015. Accordingly, residential 
investment reached a historical low of 0.6% of GDP in 2017. However, a turnaround in residential 
construction activity was recorded in 2018, when residential construction increased for the first time in a 
decade (22.8% year-over-year, Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly Gross fixed capital formation by Asset, 
Chain-linked volumes, reference year 2010, 3rd Quarter 2020, December 2020) – signalling the end of 
the longest adjustment cycle in the market. The momentum in the residential construction rebound was 
maintained in 2019, when residential construction increased modestly by 0.4% year-over-year, and 
accelerated further in 9M:2020, when residential construction increased by a solid 20.2% year-over-year. 
In this vein, the increase in the issuance of residential construction permits of 19.9% year-over-year in 
10M:2020 (Source: EL.STAT., Building activity database) presages a further strengthening in building 
activity in 2021, which, however, is surrounded by uncertainty, due to the escalation of the COVID-19 
crisis that poses significant downside risks for the economic activity in 2021. In fact, a potential

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
shrinkage in external demand related to the COVID-19 outbreak is likely to weigh on the pace of 
recovery in the real estate market in the near term. 
As regards domestic demand, the sharp adjustment in prices reflected a significant shrinkage in 
households’ disposable income between 2009 and 2018 (-31.5%, per annum, Source: EL.STAT., 
Quarterly Non-Financial Sector Accounts database), mainly due to the decline in employment (-14.7%, 
per annum, in the same period, Source: EL.STAT. Labor Force Survey database) and a sharp contraction 
in economy-wide wages of 17.2% cumulatively in the same period (Source: EL.STAT., Press release, 
Index of Wages Cost, March 2020). Similarly, corporate profitability, as approximated by national 
accounts data (gross operating surplus of non-financial corporates), contracted by 25.5% cumulatively in 
this period (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly Non-Financial Sector Accounts database), weighing 
negatively on non-residential construction. The significant increase in property taxation (from 0.2% of 
GDP in 2009 to 1.7% of GDP in 2018, Source: Ministry of Finance, State Budget Execution Monthly 
Bulletin, December 2009, December 2018 and NBG estimates), in conjunction with high risk aversion, 
weighed further on investment decisions and amplified the downward pressures on prices.  
The real estate market started to recover in 2018-2019 responding to improving macroeconomic 
conditions, buoyed by the increase in employment, the supportive impact on disposable income from the 
continuing recovery of the Greek labor market (employment growth of 2.0% year-over-year on average 
in 2018-2019 with the unemployment rate declining to 16.3% in December 2019, the lowest level since 
March 2011, Source: EL.STAT. Labor Force Survey database) and the declining country risk reflected 
in the gradual improvement in sovereign debt valuations. , and the easing in the fiscal stance since 2019. 
However, the increase in sovereign bond yields in March 2020, following a decline to an all-time low in 
mid-February 2020, reflects a transmission of COVID-19 crisis to country risk assessment which could 
adversely affect Greek real estate and financial asset valuations. Moreover, the resilience of the real 
estate market in 9M:2020 reflects the support from pent-up demand and limited supply of new buildings 
– which offset the compression of the demand from abroad (e.g. decline in transactions related to the 
golden visa program of 88.5% year-over-year in FY:2020, with 400 licenses issued in this period, 
compared with 3,500 in FY:2019, Source: General Secretariat for Immigration Policy, Reception and 
Asylum) – and the easing in the fiscal stance since 2019, while it is expected to limit downside risks for 
the real estate market through the fiscal stimulus measures adopted by the Greek government in 2020 
and 2021 (such as the protection of the primary residence of vulnerable households hit by the COVID-
19, the subsidization of mortgage debt servicing costs mainly for performing borrowers hit by the 
pandemic and the economic support to property owners that receive reduced rent). However, a lagged 
impact and/or a prolongation of the COVID-19-related recession could weigh on the private sector’s 
financial position and undermine market sentiment, leading to a deterioration in the real estate market 
trends. 
The reduction in supply and demand of mortgage loans and the protracted period of deleveraging 
continued until December 2020 (annual change in the outstanding stock of mortgage loans of -3.0% 
year-over-year in December 2020 and -3.4% year-over-year in December 2019), during which the 
outstanding stock of mortgage loans declined by €35.3 billion, cumulatively, to €46.1 billion in 
December 2020 from its peak of €81.5 billion in 2010 (Source: Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking 
Statistics). The relatively strong pass-through of the ECB’s monetary policy easing on market rates in 
this segment (as most mortgages are with a floating rate) was insufficient to provide satisfactory support 
to demand and/or a material relief on household debt servicing capacity until today. 
Although the contraction in mortgage lending continued until December 2020, there was a pick-up in 
demand for housing loans in H2:2020, according to the latest bank lending survey (Source: Bank of 
Greece, Bank Lending Survey, 4th Quarter 2020, January 2021). It is also notable that, according to the 
Bank of Greece, the gross foreign investment inflows to the Greek real estate market, recorded in the 
Balance of Payments, stood at €5.5 billion between 2015 and 9M:2020 (Source: Bank of Greece, 
External Sector database), which, combined with the acceleration of the Golden Visa program, provide

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
some indication that the real estate market would receive additional support through foreign demand, as 
macroeconomic conditions and country risk assessment would continue to improve. 
However, the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and uncertainties surrounding the evolution of the 
disease and its economic impact remain highly uncertain, whereas all estimates are based on information 
available until late-February 2021. Against a backdrop of consensus and official forecasts for a rebound 
in economic activity globally, supported by the progress in the vaccination program in developed 
economies, downside risks to Greece’s economic outlook are diminishing, with Greek GDP growth 
expected to decline by 9.8% year-over-year in 2020, before recovering by 4.6% year-over-year in 2021 
(average of official estimates, Sources: European Commission, Winter (Interim) Forecasts, February 
2021 & IMF, World Economic Outlook, October 2020). Nonetheless, the Greek economy’s high 
dependency on inbound tourism and spending on services, which are likely to follow a more sluggish 
recovery path, could weaken the pace of the turnaround. The above-described macro conditions could 
adversely affect real estate market with a lag in 2021. 
Security for Housing Loans 
In Greece, security for housing loans is created by establishing a mortgage. A mortgage can be 
established by a notarial deed (or by a judicial decision, or by law in special cases). The establishment 
of a mortgage by notarial deed is quite costly and it is therefore not the preferred method of 
establishing a mortgage among banks and borrowers. Instead, in most cases, banks obtain a pre-
notation of a mortgage, which is an injunction over the property entitling its beneficiary to obtain a 
mortgage as soon as a final judgment for the secured claim has been obtained, but which is valid as of 
the date of the pre-notation. In relation to enforceability, ranking of the security and preferred right to 
the proceeds of the auction, there is no difference between a holder of a mortgage and a holder of a 
pre-notation of a mortgage, since the latter is treated as a secured creditor of the property. Both the 
holder of a pre-notation of a mortgage and a mortgagee need an enforcement right before being able to 
commence enforcement procedures. The difference between holding a mortgage and holding a pre-
notation of a mortgage is that the pre-notation is a conditional security interest whose preferential 
treatment is subject to the unappealable adjudication of the claim it purports to secure, whereas a 
mortgagee’s claim is enforceable pursuant to the mortgage deed itself. 
Establishing a pre-notation is the most common way of establishing security for a housing loan in Greece. 
The pre-notation, as a form of injunction, can be established with or without the consent of the owner(s) 
of the property on which the pre-notation will be established, but is only granted pursuant to a court 
decision. The procedures adopted by lenders of housing loans in practice have led to an arrangement 
whereby pre-notations are granted “by consent”, where both the lending bank and the owner of the 
property over which the pre-notation will be established (i.e. the Borrower, the Guarantor or a third party) 
appear before the competent court and consent to the establishment of the pre-notation on the specific real 
estate property. The court issues the decision immediately (in fact, the decision is drafted beforehand by 
the lending bank and is certified and signed by the judge who hears the claim). Having certified the court 
decision and a summary thereof, the lawyer of the lending bank takes them to the Cadastre or the Land 
Registry, where applicable, along with a written request for the issuance (by the Cadastre or the Land 
Registry) of certificates confirming: 
(a) 
the ownership by the person that consented to the granting of the pre-notation (i.e. the Borrower, 
the Guarantor or a third party) of the mortgaged property; 
(b) 
the registration and class of the pre-notation; 
(c) 
the absence of (judicially raised) claims of third parties against the current and all previous 
owner(s) of the mortgaged property; and 
(d) 
any other mortgages, pre-notations or seizures preceding the pre-notation registered by the bank.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
At the same time the bank’s lawyer conducts a search in the Cadastre or the Land Registry, where 
applicable, in order to confirm the uncontested ownership of the person that consented to the granting of 
the pre-notation (i.e. the Borrower, the Guarantor or a third party, as the case may be) and the first 
priority nature of the mortgage or pre-notation, before the loan can be disbursed. Once the certificates are 
issued, they are reviewed by the bank’s legal department and are included in the Borrower’s file. The 
legal review of both the ownership titles and the pre-notation registration is based on public documents, 
i.e. on notarial deeds and certificates issued by the competent land registries. The history of the 
ownership titles for the previous 20 years is examined (which is the period for adverse possession). Such 
a review together with a title search in the Cadastre or the Land Registry, precedes the approval of the 
loan. Upon registration of the pre-notation, a second titles search is made to confirm the status quo. 
Enforcing Security 
Following the amendment of Greek Civil Procedure Code by virtue of Law 4335/2015, as in force, the 
following apply in relation to enforcement proceedings commencing from 1 January 2016 onwards and in 
respect of demands for immediate payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016: 
Without prejudice to the procedures required under the Code of Conduct, it is NBG’s policy to commence 
enforcement proceedings once an amount exceeding €2,000 remains unpaid under a non- restructured loan 
for more than 270 days in arrears and under a restructured loan for more than 180 days in arrears, at which 
point, the loan is terminated. Once a Loan is in default and terminated, a notice is served on the Borrower 
and on the Guarantors, if any, informing them of this fact and requesting the persons indebted to make a 
payment of all amounts due within a limited period of time (usually 10 days). Following notification and in 
the case of continued non-payment, a judge of the competent court of first instance (i.e. the Single-Member 
Court of First Instance or the Magistrate’s Court, as the case may be, the “Competent Court of First 
Instance”) is presented with the case upon which the judge may issue an order for payment to be served on 
the borrower together with a demand for immediate payment. Service of the order and demand for payment 
is the first action of enforcement proceedings. Three working days after serving the payment order and 
demand, the property can be seized and the auction process starts (see below for a description of the 
auction process). The Borrower, after being served the order for payment, is granted 15 working days (or 
within 30 working days if the Borrower is of an unknown address or resides abroad) to contest the validity 
of the order for payment, either on the merits of the case or on the ground of procedural irregularities. This 
can be done by filing an annulment petition before the Competent Court of First Instance or Magistrate’s 
Court in accordance with articles 632-633 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article 632-633 
Annulment Petition”). The said 15 working days period does not per se suspend the enforceability of the 
payment order, which can be enforced following the lapse of the three working days period as of the date 
of service of the payment order. At the same time, the Borrower can file, as a provisional measure, a 
suspension petition in accordance with articles 632 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article 632 
Suspension Petition”) for the suspension of the enforcement proceedings. At the time of filing the Article 
632 Suspension Petition, in most cases, immediate suspension is granted up until the hearing of the 
Article 632 Suspension Petition. If the court decides that the arguments in the Article 632-633 Annulment 
Petition are correct and reasonable, the suspension of enforcement will be granted to the petitioner until 
the issue of the decision on the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition. If the judge decides that the Article 
632-633 Annulment Petition has no grounds and rejects this, the suspended enforcement procedures can 
continue. Suspension of enforcement against a Borrower of an unknown address or residing abroad is 
granted by law during the 30 day period to file an Article 632 Annulment Petition. If the Borrower has not 
filed an Article 632-633 Annulment Petition and subsequent suspension within 15 working days after 
serving the payment order, then the bank may again serve the order for payment whereby a second period 
of 15 working days is granted to the Borrower to contest the payment order. Failure to contest the order 
for payment will result in the bank becoming the beneficiary and holder of a final deed of enforcement 
and the conversion of the pre-notation into a mortgage. 
The Borrower may also file with the relevant Court of First Instance a petition in accordance with article 
933 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article Annulment 933 Petition”) for the annulment of

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
certain actions of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order for 
payment, and/or to the relevant claim and/or to procedural irregularities. Both Articles 632-633 and Article 
933 Annulment Petitions may be filed either concurrently or consecutively, but it should be noted that the 
Article 933 Annulment Petition may not be based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order for 
payment, once the order of payment has become final as mentioned above. The time for the filing of an 
Article 933 Annulment Petition varies depending on the foreclosure action that is being contested. In 
particular, the Article 933 Annulment Petition should be filed within 45 days as from the date of 
attachment of the Borrower’s property, except for an Article 933 Annulment Petition contesting the 
auction which should be filed within 60 days as from registration with the competent land registry or 
cadastre of the relevant auction deed. The hearing of the Article 933 Annulment Petition is scheduled 
within 60 days from the date of the filing of such petition and the relevant decision must be issued within 
60 days from the hearing before the court. 
According to the provisions of Law 4335/2015, as in force, the ability of the Borrower to challenge the 
compulsory enforcement actions, which are carried out by the creditor, is significantly restricted. In 
particular, by virtue of the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure, as in force until 31 December 2015, 
the Borrower was entitled to challenge each compulsory enforcement action separately and as a result the 
completion of the enforcement procedure was significantly delayed. However, by virtue of Law 
4335/2015, as in force, the Borrower is entitled to oppose defects of the compulsory enforcement 
procedure in just two stages: the first one is set before the auction and is related to any reason of invalidity 
of the claim and the compulsory enforcement actions carried out before the auction, whereas the second 
one is set after the auction until the publication of the seizure report and is related to any defects, which 
arose from the auction until the awarding. In case that the compulsory enforcement procedure is based on a 
court’s judgment or payment order, the litigant parties are only entitled to file an appeal issued against the 
judgment issued, which has been issued in relation to the Article 933 Annulment Petition. The possibility 
to file an appeal in cassation against the decision is abolished. 
The filing of an Article 933 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a suspension petition in 
accordance with article 937 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article 937 Suspension Petition”) in 
relation to the enforcement until the decision of the Competent Court of First Instance on the annulment 
motion is issued. Again, foreclosure proceedings may be suspended until the hearing of the Article 937 
Suspension Petition, which, in a normal case where the Borrower seeks the suspension of the auction, takes 
place five days prior to the auction and the relevant decision is issued by 12.00 pm on the Monday prior to 
the auction date, provided that the Borrower pays at least one quarter of the claimed capital and the 
enforcement expenses and also that there is no risk to the creditor’s interests, on the grounds that the 
Borrower will be able to satisfy the enforcing party or that, following the suspension period, a better offer 
would be achieved at auction. 
The actual auction process starts with seizure of the property, which takes places 3 working days after the 
order for payment is served on the Borrower. The seizure statement that is issued by the bailiff who 
performs it, contains the auction date which, in respect of demands for immediate payment served to the 
debtor after 1 January 2016, should take place within seven months from the date of completion of the 
seizure and in any case no later than eight months from the completion of the seizure (or within a deadline 
of three months since the continuation statement, in case the auction does not take place on the initial 
date) and place and the notary public who will act as the auction clerk. At this point all mortgagees 
(including those holding a pre-notation or mortgage) are informed of the upcoming auction. 
Auctions may not take place between 1-31 August and the weeks before and after the date of any national, 
municipal or European elections (pursuant to Article 998 para. 2 of the GCCP, as replaced by Article 207 
para. 15 of Law 4512/2018). 
Following the amendment of the GCCP by Greek Law 4512/2018 (published in Government Gazette 
5/A/17.1.2018), as from 21 February 2018 onwards, the auction takes place exclusively through the use of 
electronic means, in particular through the use of the electronic auction platform (e-auctions.gr), under the

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
responsibility of a certified notary public (acting as auction clerk) of the district place of seized property 
(or if not available for any reason, of the district region of the district of the place of executionseized 
property’s  place or, if again not available for any reason, before an Athens notary public) under the 
responsibility of a competent notary public acting as auction clerk. The relevant process is detailed in 
Article 959 of the GCCP (as replaced by para. 6 of Article 207 of Greek Law 4512/2018), as further 
specified by Decision no. 41756/26.5.2017 of the Minister of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights 
(published in Government Gazette 1884/B/30.5.2017). It is noted that the very first e-auction in Greece, 
was conducted on 27 April 2018. 
Each bidder must submit a bank guarantee or banker’s draft for an amount equal to 30% of the starting 
price of the auctioned property and declare his/her attendance in the auction by 15.00 2 business days 
prior to the auction date. By 17.00 on the date preceding the auction date, the auction clerk registers with 
the electronic auction platform a list of the bidders entitled to participate in the auction. 
In the auction, the property is sold to the highest bidder who then has 10 business days to pay the auction 
price along with the fees for the use of the electronic auctioning platform which burden the highest bidder. 
Once the price of the property is paid, the notary public prepares a special deed listing all the creditors and 
allocating the proceeds of the auction. Each creditor must announce its claim to the notary public by no 
later than 15 days after the auction and submit all documents proving such claims, otherwise the notary 
public will not take his claim into account. Once the allocation of proceeds amongst the creditors of the 
Borrower has been determined pursuant to a deed issued by a notary public, the creditors of the Borrower 
are invited by the notary public to be informed respectively and may dispute the allocation by filing a 
petition contesting the deed within 12 business days as from the service of such invitation. The competent 
Court of First Instance adjudicates the matter but the relevant creditor is entitled to appeal against the 
decision to the Court of Appeal (or the Single Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of 
Appeal, as the case may be). The hearing date of the petition contesting such deed must be obligatory set 
within 60 days from its filing (or within 120 days in case of the creditor residing abroad). This procedure 
may delay the collection of proceeds. This can further delay the time at which the Bank finally receives 
the proceeds of the enforcement of the relevant property. However, the law provides that a creditor is 
entitled to the payment of its claim even if its allocation priority is subject to a challenge, provided that 
such creditor provides a letter of guarantee securing repayment of the money in the event that such 
challenge is upheld. 
If no bidders appear at the auction, the immoveable property is awarded at the minimum auction price to 
the person in favour of whom the enforcement proceedings were initiated, upon the latter’s request. The 
date for hearing of such request is scheduled in priority within eight (8) days from its filing and is served 
at least three (3) days before the date of hearing, while the relevant court decision is issued within 8 
business days as from the hearing date. A recent valuation report of the auction property, dated after the 
date of the last auction, should be submitted on the hearing date before the competent Court. If no such 
request is submitted, a repetitive auction takes place within forty (40) days. If such repetitive auction is 
unsuccessful, the competent court, upon request of persons having legal interest, may order the conduct of 
another auction within thirty (30) days, at the same or a reduced auction price or allow the sale of the 
property to the person in favour of whom the enforcement proceedings were initiated or to third persons at 
a price determined by the court, which may also provide that part of the consideration may be paid in 
instalments. Following two unsuccessful auctions, a petition may be filed by any interested party for a 
new auction date to be set, with the same or a lower fixed first price, or for a permission for a direct sale 
of the property at a price to be determined by the court (in accordance with para. 2 of Article 966 as 
amended by Article 23 of Greek Law 4549/2018). 
Pursuant to Article 954 of the Greek Civil Code, the minimum auction price is determined within the 
statement of the court bailiff and can be contested by the Borrower or any other lender or anyone having a 
legal interest by filing an annulment petition against such court bailiff statement at the latest fifteen 
working days before the auction date. The relevant court's decision should be published at the latest by 
12.00 p.m. eight days before the auction date. However, as regards the movable property, it is to be noted

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
that the initial auction price cannot be less than 2/3 of the estimated value of the seized movable property 
(in accordance with par. 2 of Article 993, in conjunction with par. 2 of Article 954 of the Greek Civil 
Procedure Code, as amended and in force) and as regards the immovable property, the initial auction price 
cannot be less than the seized property’s “commercial value”. The evaluation of the immovable property 
is calculated in accordance with presidential decree 59/2016 (published in Government Gazette 
95/A/27.5.2016). In particular, pursuant to such presidential decree, the immovable property’s 
“commercial value” is determined by the relevant bailiff who is obliged to appoint a certified appraiser for 
this purpose, namely an individual or legal person that shall be included in the Certified Appraisers 
Registry held at the General Directorate for Financial Policy of the Ministry of Finance and published on 
the Ministry of Finance’s website. The latter submits to the bailiff an appraisal report in accordance with 
the European or international recognised appraising standards and in accordance with the Code of 
Conduct issued by the Bank of Greece on the management of non-performing loans. Appraisal’s fees are 
borne by the creditor who ordered the enforcement proceedings, but ultimately burden the Borrower.  
Once the list of creditors is confirmed and adjudicated, the proceeds are distributed according to the deed 
setting out the allocation of proceeds (see for further details “Auction Proceeds” above) in accordance 
with Article 975 (as recently replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015 with 
respect to enforcement proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards), Article 976, Article 977 (as 
recently replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015 with respect to enforcement 
proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards) and Article 977A (added through Article 176 para. 1 
of Greek Law 4512/2018) of the GCCP.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed (as amended and restated), made between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Servicer contains provisions relating to, inter alia: 
• 
the Issuer’s obligations when dealing with any cash flows arising from the Cover Pool and the 
Transaction Documents; 
• 
the servicing, calculation, notification and reporting services to be performed by the Servicer, 
together with cash management services and account handling services in relation to moneys 
from time to time standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the Collection 
Account; 
• 
the terms and conditions upon which the Servicer will be obliged to sell in whole or in part the 
Selected Loan; 
• 
the Issuer’s right to prevent the sale by the Servicer of all of part of the Selected Loan to third 
parties by removing all of part of the Selected Loan made subject to sale from the Cover Pool 
and transferring within ten Athens Business Days from the receipt of the offer letter, to the 
Transaction Account, an amount equal to the price set forth in such offer letter, subject to the 
provision of a solvency certificate; 
• 
the covenants of the Servicer; 
• 
the representations and warranties of the Issuer regarding itself and the Cover Pool Assets; 
• 
the responsibilities of the Servicer following the service of a Notice of Default on the Issuer or 
upon failure of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; and 
• 
the circumstances in which the Issuer or the Trustee will be obliged to appoint a new servicer 
to perform the Servicing and Cash Management Activities. 
Servicing 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer has agreed to service the Loans and 
their Related Security comprised in the Cover Pool and provide cash management services. 
The Servicer will be required to administer the Loans and their Related Security in accordance with the 
Issuer’s administration, arrears and enforcement policies and procedures forming part of the Issuer’s 
policy from time to time as they apply to those Loans. 
The Servicer will have the power to exercise the rights, powers and discretions and to perform the 
duties of the Issuer in relation to the Loans and their Related Security that it is servicing pursuant to the 
terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, and to do anything which it reasonably considers 
necessary, convenient or incidental to the administration of the Loans and their Related Security. 
Right of delegation by the Servicer 
The Servicer may from time to time subcontract or delegate the performance of its powers and duties 
under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, provided that, inter alia, the prior written consent of 
the Trustee to the proposed arrangement has been obtained and written notification has been given to

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
the Rating Agencies and further provided that the Servicer will nevertheless remain responsible for the 
performance of those duties to the Issuer and the Trustee and, in particular, will remain liable at all 
times for servicing the Loans and their Related Security and for the acts or omissions of any delegate or 
sub-contractor.  
Appointment of Replacement Servicer 
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each a “Servicer Termination Event”): 
(i) 
default is made by the Servicer in the payment on the due date of any payment due and payable 
by it under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and such default continues unremedied 
for a period of 3 Athens Business Days after the earlier of the Servicer becoming aware of such 
default and receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Trustee requiring the same to be 
remedied; 
(ii) 
default is made by the Servicer in the performance or observance of any of its other covenants 
and obligations under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, which is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and such default continues unremedied 
for a period of 20 Business Days after the Servicer becoming aware of such default, 
PROVIDED THAT where the relevant default occurs as a result of a default by any person to 
whom the Servicer has sub-contracted or delegated part of its obligations hereunder, such 
default shall not constitute a Servicer Termination Event if, within such period of 20 Business 
Days of awareness of such default by the Servicer, the Servicer terminates the relevant sub-
contracting or delegation arrangements and takes such steps as the Trustee may approve to 
remedy such default; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to the Servicer; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event (where the Issuer and the Servicer are the same entity),  
then the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator or (if there is no Back-Up Servicer Facilitator) the Trustee shall, 
following consultation with the Bank of Greece and while such Servicer Termination Event continues, 
use its best endeavours to (a) appoint an independent investment or commercial bank of international 
repute (the “Investment Bank”) to select an entity to act as Replacement Servicer and (b) by notice in 
writing to the Servicer terminate its appointment as Servicer under the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) specified in the 
notice provided that no action will need to be taken by the Trustee if (i) the Bank of Greece is in the 
process of appointing (A) a Replacement Servicer pursuant to Article 152 or (B) an administrator or 
liquidator to the Issuer pursuant to the Greek Banking Legislation or (ii) the Back-Up Servicer 
Facilitator or the Trustee is informed by the Bank of Greece that it intends to take any such actions 
listed in this paragraph or to adopt other steps that are more appropriate in the circumstances to protect 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
Effect of Termination 
Upon termination of the appointment of the Servicer under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 
the Servicer shall, inter alia, assist the Replacement Servicer to notify the Borrowers and (as 
applicable) the Guarantors of (a) any required transfer of the Collection Account at the direction of the 
Replacement Servicer, (b) the transfer of the Collection Account from the Servicer to the Replacement 
Servicer or, if the Replacement Servicer is not a credit institution for the purposes of Greek Banking 
Legislation, to the credit institution appointed by the Replacement Servicer and to instruct them to 
make payments under the Loans into the Issuer Collection Account held with the Replacement 
Servicer or the credit institution appointed by such Replacement Servicer (if applicable).

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
“Insolvency Event” means in respect of the Servicer (a) an order is made or an effective resolution 
passed for the winding up of the relevant entity; or (b) the relevant entity stops or threatens to stop 
payment to its creditors generally or the relevant entity ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its 
business or substantially the whole of its business; or (c) an encumbrancer takes possession or a 
receiver, administrator, administrative receiver or other similar officer is appointed to the whole or any 
material part of the undertaking, property and assets of the relevant entity or a distress, diligence or 
execution is levied or enforced upon against the whole or any material part of the chattels or property 
of the relevant entity and, in the case of any of the foregoing events, is not discharged within 30 days; 
or (d) the relevant entity is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (e) a creditors’ collective 
enforcement procedure is commenced against the Servicer (including such procedure under the 
Bankruptcy Code , the appointment of an administrator pursuant to article 137 of Greek Banking 
Legislation, the order for the implementation of any other resolution measure under article 2 of Greek 
law 4335/2015 or the placing under special liquidation pursuant to article 145 of the Greek Banking 
Legislation, as applicable, other than where the Servicer is NBG and any of the events set out in 
paragraphs (a) to (c) occurs in connection with a substitution in accordance with Condition 17. 
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as servicer in any circumstances. 
The Cover Pool 
The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration Statement signed by the Issuer and the 
Trustee so providing, to: 
(a) 
allocate to the Cover Pool Additional Cover Pool Assets for the purposes of issuing further 
Series of Covered Bonds and/or complying with the Statutory Tests and/or maintaining the 
rating(s) assigned to the Covered Bond provided that, in respect of any New Asset Type: (A) 
Moody's (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has provided confirmation in 
writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn 
as a result of such addition of New Asset Type to the Cover Pool (and in the case of any other 
Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency 
has been notified of such addition) and (B) the risk weighting of the Covered Bonds will not be 
negatively affected; and 
(b) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event and provided that no breach of any Statutory Test has 
occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of such removal or substitution (i) remove 
Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or (ii) substitute Cover Pool Assets with Additional 
Cover Pool Assets, provided that for any substitution of Additional Cover Pool Assets which are 
New Asset Types, Moody's(to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has 
provided confirmation in writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely 
affected by, or withdrawn as a result of such removal or substitution (as the case may be) (and in 
the case of any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), 
such Rating Agency has been notified of such substitution ). 
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer in accordance with the above or 
by way of mandatory changes below shall form part of the Cover Pool. 
Sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following an Issuer Event 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall be obliged to sell Loans and their 
Related Security in the Cover Pool in respect of the relevant Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds  
on or before each Refinance Date thereafter having the Required Outstanding Principal Balance (the 
“Selected Loans”) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, subject to the rights 
of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to remove the Selected Loans from the Cover Pool provided, (i) 
in the case of the sale of Selected Loans following an Issuer Event and prior to a breach of the

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Amortisation Test, where the Amortisation Test was met immediately prior to the proposed sale, the 
Amortisation Test will continue to be met following any sale of Selected Loans or the removal of such 
Selected Loans from the Cover Pool and (ii) where the Amortisation Test has been breached prior to 
such Selected Loans being sold the Servicer may sell Selected Loans even where the Amortisation Test 
will not be satisfied after such sale (provided that any such sale would not result in the Amortisation 
Test being breached to a greater extent on or before the First Refinance Date). Where the Servicer is 
not the same entity as the Issuer, the Issuer will provide the Servicer with such powers of attorney as 
the Servicer may require in order to allow the Servicer to discharge its obligations under the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed. 
Prior to the Servicer making any offer to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third 
parties, the Servicer shall serve on the Issuer a loan offer notice in the form set out in the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed (a “Selected Loan Offer Notice”) giving the Issuer the right to prevent 
the sale by the Servicer of all of part of the Selected Loans to third parties, by removing all of part of 
the Selected Loans made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring an amount equal to the 
then Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant portion of the Selected Loans and the relevant 
portion of all arrears of interest and accrued interest relating thereto to the Transaction Account. 
If the Issuer validly accepts the Servicer’s offer to remove all of part of the Selected Loans and their 
Related Security from the Cover Pool by signing the duplicate Selected Loan Offer Notice in a manner 
indicating acceptance and delivering it to the Trustee and the Servicer within ten Athens Business Days 
from and including the date of the Selected Loan Offer Notice, the Servicer shall within three Athens 
Business Days of receipt of such acceptance, serve a selected loan removal notice on the Issuer in the 
form set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed (a “Selected Loan Removal Notice”). 
Upon receipt of the Selected Loan Removal Notice duly signed on behalf of the Servicer, the Issuer 
shall promptly and in any event within two Athens Business Days (i) sign and return a duplicate copy 
of the Selected Loan Removal Notice to the Servicer, (ii) deliver to the Servicer and the Trustee a 
solvency certificate stating that the Issuer is, at such time, solvent and shall remove from the Cover 
Pool the relevant portion of Selected Loans (as specified in the signed Selected Loan Removal Notice) 
(and any other Loan secured or intended to be secured by that Related Security or any part of it) 
referred to in the relevant Selected Loan Removal Notice and where that portion is less than all of the 
Selected Loans the Loans and the Related Security in the portion that is removed shall be chosen from 
the Selected Loans on a random basis. Completion of the removal of the Selected Loans by the Issuer 
will take place on the Calculation Date next occurring after receipt by the Issuer of the Selected Loan 
Removal Notice or such other date as the Servicer may direct in the Selected Loan Removal Notice 
(provided that such date is not later than the earlier to occur of the date which is (a) ten Athens 
Business Days after receipt by the Servicer of the returned Selected Loan Removal Notice and (b) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) when the Issuer shall, prior to 
the removal from the Cover Pool of all or part of the relevant Selected Loans (and any other Loan 
secured or intended to be secured by that Related Security or any part of it), pay to the Transaction 
Account an amount in cash equal to the price specified in the relevant Selected Loan Removal Notice. 
On the date of completion of the removal of all part of of the Selected Loans and their Related Security 
in accordance with the above, the Issuer and the Trustee shall ensure that the corresponding portion of 
the Selected Loans and their Related Security are removed from the Registration Statement. 
Upon such completion of the removal of the Selected Loans and their Related Security in accordance 
with above or the sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security to a third party or third parties, the 
Issuer shall cease to be under any further obligation to hold any Customer Files or other documents 
relating to the relevant removed or sold Selected Loans and their Related Security to the order of the 
Trustee and, if the Trustee holds such Customer Files or other documents, it will send them to the 
Issuer at the cost of the Issuer.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The Servicer shall offer for sale the Selected Loans and their Related Security in respect of which the 
Issuer rejects or fails within the requisite time limit to accept the Servicer’s offer to remove the Loans 
and their Related Security form the Cover Pool in the manner and on the terms set out in the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed. 
Method of Sale of Selected Loans 
If the Servicer is required to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third parties following an 
Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer shall seek to sell such Selected Loans on or prior to the 
First Refinance Date and on or prior to each Refinance Date thereafter and the Servicer will be required 
to ensure that before offering such Selected Loans for sale: 
(a) 
(unless the Selected Loans comprise the entire Cover Pool): 
(i). 
the Selected Loans have been selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis and such 
obligation in relation to random selection also applies where part but not all Selected 
Loans in relation to any Series are sold; 
(ii). 
following an Issuer Event but prior to a breach of the Amortisation Test, the Selected 
Loans to be sold in any sale together (i) constitute all Selected Loans in relation to the 
relevant Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds; or (ii) where the Outstanding Principal 
Balance in relation to such Selected Loans is greater than or equal to €150 million or the 
Euro Equivalent Amount, such Selected Loans to be sold together have an Outstanding 
Principal Balance of at least €150 million; and 
(iii). following the sale of the Selected Loans, not less than 5% of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of Selected Loans in respect of that Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds 
would remain in the Cover Pool (other than in respect of a sale of all Selected Loans in 
relation to the Relevant Series); and 
(b) 
the Selected Loans have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount (the 
“Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount”) which is as close as possible to the 
amount calculated as follows: 
N x 
Outstanding Principal Balance of all Loans in the Cover Pool 
 
the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount in respect of each Series of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding 
where N is an amount equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds (being each Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds) less amounts 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account (other than amounts standing to the credit of the 
General Reserve Ledgers) and the principal amount of any Marketable Assets or Authorised 
Investments (other than Authorised Investments acquired from the amounts standing to the credit of 
the General Reserve Ledgers) (excluding all amounts to be applied to pay or provide for the Series 
Share of Expenses on the next following Cover Pool Payment Date and excluding any amounts 
which have been set aside to pay any Series of Covered Bonds) and all Sale Proceeds received from 
the sale of other Selected Loans or removal of Selected Loans under the rights of pre-emption. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
the amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
x 
(1+ Negative Carry Factor x (days to next Int
Payment Date when the relevant Series can be 
redeemed/365)) 
 
Where “Negative Carry Factor” means a percentage (which will never be less than 0.50%) 
calculated by reference to the weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds. 
“Euro Equivalent” means (i) in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds (including any 
calculations of the Required Redemption Amount of such Series of Covered Bonds) which is 
denominated in (a) a currency other than Euro, the Euro equivalent of such amount ascertained 
using either the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate (if applicable) relating to such Series of 
Covered Bonds or, if available, the Established Rate or, if no Covered Bond Swap Rate and no 
Established Rate is available, the relevant spot rate and (b) Euro, the applicable amount in Euro 
and (ii) in relation to any Loans which are denominated in (a) a currency other than Euro, the 
Euro equivalent of such amount ascertained using either the relevant spot rate or, if available, 
the Established Rate and (b) Euro, the applicable amount in Euro. 
The Servicer will offer the Selected Loans for sale to third parties for the best price reasonably available 
but in any event, for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. 
The “Adjusted Required Redemption Amount” means the Euro Equivalent of the Required 
Redemption Amount, plus or minus (without double counting): 
(i) 
any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds less (where applicable) the 
principal balance of any Marketable Assets and Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts 
to be applied on the next following Cover Pool Payment Date to pay or repay higher ranking 
amounts in the Post Issuer Event Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to 
repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds); and plus or minus; 
(ii) 
any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under an Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; plus 
(iii) 
reasonable costs and expenses associated with sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security 
and the reasonable costs and expenses of the Portfolio Manager connected with the sale of 
Selected Loans and their Security; plus 
(iv) 
the Series Share of Expenses. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer will as soon as possible and in any event 
within one calendar month of the First Refinance Date and, if applicable within one calendar month of 
the occurrence of any further Refinance Date (if applicable) appoint a Portfolio Manager of recognised 
standing, and which is not an affiliate of the Issuer, on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio 
Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the Selected Loans (if such terms are commercially 
available in the market) via a market auction process and to advise it in relation to the sale of the 
Selected Loans to third-party purchasers via a market auction process (except where the Issuer exercises 
its right of pre-emption). Only one Portfolio Manager may be appointed at any one time in respect of 
the Programme. If a Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of a sale of Selected 
Loans and that appointment is continuing, the Servicer will appoint the same Portfolio Manager in 
respect of all other Series of Covered Bonds. Where the Servicer has not appointed the Portfolio 
Manager within one calendar month of the First Refinance Date or, if applicable, within one calendar 
month of any further Refinance Date (if applicable), the Servicer will send notice to all of the Covered

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Bondholders (with a copy of the notice to be provided to the Trustee) informing them that no Portfolio 
Manager has been appointed and will appoint the Portfolio Manager selected (pursuant to the 
Conditions) by the Covered Bondholders on the same basis as if the appointment had been made by the 
Servicer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be obliged to appoint a Portfolio Manager 
should the Servicer fail to do so (and shall have no liability for such failure) and shall not be responsible 
for determining the identity of, or approving, the Portfolio Manager to be appointed by the Servicer 
following a nomination or determining or approving the terms of appointment of a Portfolio Manager. 
In respect of any sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event which is continuing, the Servicer will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable 
endeavours to procure that Selected Loans are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable (in accordance 
with the recommendations of the Portfolio Manager) taking into account the market conditions at that 
time and, where relevant, the scheduled repayment dates of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The Trustee, or its authorised attorney, will not be required to release the Selected Loans and their 
Related Security from the Registration Statement unless the conditions for Security release under 
applicable law (other than the Statutory Pledge) are satisfied. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, if third parties accept the offer or 
offers from the Servicer so that some or all of the Selected Loans shall be sold then the Servicer will, 
subject to the foregoing paragraph, enter into a sale and purchase agreement with the relevant third-
party purchasers which will require, inter alia, a cash payment from the relevant third party purchasers. 
Any such sale will not include any representations and warranties from the Servicer or the Issuer in 
respect of the Loans and their Related Security unless expressly agreed by the Servicer. 
Amendment to definitions 
Under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the parties have agreed that, subject to compliance 
with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the definitions of Cover Pool, Cover Pool 
Asset, Statutory Test and Amortisation Test may be amended by the Issuer from time to time without the 
consent of the Trustee as a consequence of, inter alia, including in the Cover Pool, Cover Pool Assets 
which are New Asset Types and/or changes to the hedging policies or servicing and collection 
procedures of NBG. 
Any such amendment may be effected provided that Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered 
Bonds at that time) confirm in writing to the Issuer that the then current ratings of any outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds is not adversely affected or withdrawn as a result thereof (and in the case of 
any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating 
Agency has been notified of such amendment). 
General Reserve Ledgers 
The Servicer will establish a ledger on the Transaction Account to be called the “General Reserve 
Ledger”. 
On each Calculation Date the Issuer shall pay an amount sufficient to cause the General Reserve 
Ledger to have a balance equal to the General Reserve Required Amount into the Transaction Account 
on such date (with a corresponding credit to the relevant General Reserve Ledger). 
On each Cover Pool Payment Date, an amount equal to the General Reserve Withdrawal Amount will 
be debited from the General Reserve Ledger and applied as Covered Bonds Available Funds. 
“General Reserve Required Amount” means:

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(a) 
on each Calculation Date when the Issuer has Covered Bonds outstanding an amount equal to 
the sum of (i) the amount of interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding over 
the next twelve months (calculated on a rolling basis), and (ii) the amounts due over the next 
twelve months under paragraphs (i) to (v) (both inclusive) of the Post Issuer Event Priority of 
Payments (without double counting); and  
(b) 
at all times from and including the date on which the Issuer has no outstanding liabilities in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, shall be equal to zero;" 
“General Reserve Withdrawal Amount” means:  
(a) 
on each Cover Pool Payment Date, a drawing from the General Reserve Ledger to be applied as 
Covered Bonds Available Funds, if and to the extent that Covered Bonds Available Funds 
(disregarding for such purposes any amount comprising Covered Bond Available Funds in 
accordance with paragraph (d) of the definition of Covered Bond Available Funds) would not be 
sufficient to pay items (i) to (v) of the Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments;  
(b) 
on each Cover Pool Payment Date, a drawing from the General Reserve Ledger to be applied as 
Covered Bonds Available Funds if and to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the 
General Reserve Ledger (taking into account any withdrawals from the General Reserve Ledger 
on such Cover Pool Payment Date under (a) above) would exceed the General Reserve Required 
Amount. 
The Servicer shall, prior to the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default, invest all amounts standing 
to the credit of the General Reserve Ledger in Authorised Investments. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed is governed by English law (provided that any terms of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed which are particular to the laws of the Hellenic Republic shall be 
construed in accordance with Greek Law). 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
The Asset Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Servicer to 
the Asset Monitor, to conduct tests in respect of the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed 
by the Servicer, prior to service of a Notice of Default, for the quarters ending on each of 31 March, 30 
June, 30 September and 31 December with a view to confirmation of compliance by the Issuer with the 
Statutory Tests. 
Following a determination by the Asset Monitor of any errors in the arithmetical accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Servicer such that the Statutory Tests have failed on the Applicable 
Calculation Date (where the Servicer had recorded it as being satisfied), or the Nominal Value or the Net 
Present Value is mis-stated by an amount exceeding 2.0% of the Nominal Value (as at the date of the 
relevant Nominal Value Test), the Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such tests following each 
Calculation Date for a period of six months thereafter. 
In addition, the Asset Monitor has agreed to carry out the determinations and procedures provided for in 
paragraphs I.8 and IV.1(a) of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation and shall include the result of 
such determinations and procedures in the Asset Monitor Report. 
The Asset Monitor is entitled to assume that all information provided to it by the Servicer for conducting 
such tests is true and correct and not misleading, and is not required to conduct a test or otherwise take

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
steps to verify the accuracy of any such information. The Asset Monitor will deliver a report (the “Asset 
Monitor Report”) to the Servicer, the Issuer and, if so requested, to the Trustee. 
The Issuer or the Servicer will ensure that a copy of the Asset Monitor Report is sent to the Bank of 
Greece for the purposes of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation at the minimum once per annum. 
The Issuer or the Servicer, as applicable, will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee for the tests to be performed 
by the Asset Monitor. 
The Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) may, at any time, but subject to the 
prior written consent of the Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving at least 30 
days’ prior written notice to the Asset Monitor, provided that such termination may not be effected unless 
and until a replacement asset monitor has been found by the Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event, the Servicer) (such replacement to be approved by the Trustee (such approval to be given if the 
replacement is an accountancy firm of international standing)) which agrees to perform the duties of the 
Asset Monitor set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement (or substantially similar duties). 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 30 days’ prior written notice to the Issuer 
and the Trustee (copied to the Rating Agencies), and may resign by giving immediate notice in the event 
of a professional conflict of interest caused by the action of any recipient of its reports. 
Upon the Asset Monitor giving 30 days’ prior written notice of resignation, the Issuer (or following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall immediately use all reasonable endeavours to appoint a 
replacement (such replacement to be approved by the Trustee (such approval to be given if the 
replacement is an accountancy firm of international standing)) which agrees to perform the duties of the 
Asset Monitor set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. If a replacement is not appointed by the date 
which is 30 days prior to the date when tests are to be carried out in accordance with the terms of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement, then the Issuer (or following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) 
shall use all reasonable endeavours to appoint an accountancy firm of national standing to carry out the 
relevant tests on a one-off basis, provided that such appointment is approved by the Trustee. 
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as Asset Monitor in any circumstances. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by English law. 
Trust Deed 
The Trust Deed, made between the Issuer and the Trustee on the Programme Closing Date (as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) appoints the Trustee to act as the bondholders representative 
in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 152. The Trust Deed contains provisions relating to, inter 
alia: 
(a) 
the constitution of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as 
more fully set out under Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds above); 
(b) 
the covenants of the Issuer;  
(c) 
the enforcement procedures relating to the Covered Bonds; and 
(d) 
the appointment powers and responsibilities of the Trustee and the circumstances in which the 
Trustee may resign or be removed.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Trust Deed is governed by English law. 
Agency Agreement  
Under the terms of an Agency Agreement entered into on the Programme Closing Date (and as 
amended and restated from time to time) between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
(together with any paying agent appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement, the “Paying 
Agents”) (the “Agency Agreement”), the Paying Agents have agreed to provide the Issuer with certain 
agency services and have agreed, inter alia, to make available for inspection such documents as may be 
required from time to time by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to arrange for the 
publication of any notice to be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
For the purposes of Condition 4.2(b)(ii) of the Conditions, the Agency Agreement provides that if the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, no offered quotation appears or if fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, 
in the case of EURIBOR (the “Specified Time”)), the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the 
reference banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the reference rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the reference banks provide the Principal Paying 
Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
For the purposes of Condition 4.2(b)(ii) of the Conditions the Agency Agreement also provides that if 
on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the reference banks provides the Principal 
Paying Agent with an offered quotation, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the reference banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the reference rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the reference 
rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the reference rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the reference banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the reference rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the reference rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the reference rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the reference rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Clause, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement is governed by English law.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
For the purposes of this section "Agency Agreement" any capitalised terms have the meanings given to 
them in the Conditions above. 
Deed of Charge  
Pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge entered into on the Programme Closing Date (and as 
amended and restated from time to time) by the Issuer, the Trustee and the other Secured Creditors, the 
Secured Obligations of the Issuer and all other obligations of the Issuer under or pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party are secured, inter alia, by the following security over the 
following property, assets and rights (the “Deed of Charge Security”): 
(a) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security over all of the Issuer’s interests, rights and 
entitlements under and in respect of any Charged Document; 
(b) 
a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a floating charge) over the rights, interest and 
benefits of the Transaction Account, the Swap Collateral Accounts and each other account (if 
any) in which the Issuer may at any time have or acquire any right, title, benefit or interest and 
which forms part of the Cover Pool (or amounts standing to the credit of such account forms 
part of the Cover Pool) (the “Issuer Accounts”) and all amounts standing to the credit of the 
Issuer Accounts; and 
(c) 
a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a floating charge) over the rights and benefits of the 
Issuer in respect of all Authorised Investments and Marketable Assets (to the extent governed by 
English law) purchased from time to time from amounts standing to the credit of any Issuer 
Account. 
In addition, to secure its obligations under the Covered Bonds the Issuer has, pursuant to paragraph 10 
of article 91, created a pledge over the Cover Pool (which consists principally of the Issuer’s interest in 
the Loan Assets and certain Marketable Assets). The Deed of Charge will also provide that (other than 
in certain limited circumstances) only the Trustee may enforce the security created under either the 
Deed of Charge or paragraph 10 of article 91 of Greek Law 3601/2007. The proceeds of any such 
enforcement of the Deed of Charge and paragraph 10 of article 91 of Greek Law 3601/2007 will be 
required to be applied in accordance with the order of priority set out in the Post-Cover Pool Event of 
Default Priority of Payments. 
The Trustee shall at all times be a credit institution (or a subsidiary company of a credit institution) 
that is entitled to provide services in the European Economic Area and/or the UK in accordance with 
paragraph 2 of article 91 of Greek Law 3601/2007 (an “EEA Credit Institution”). If at any time the 
Trustee ceases to be an EEA Credit Institution it will notify the Issuer immediately and take all steps 
necessary to find a replacement Trustee that is an EEA Credit Institution.  
Release of Security 
In accordance with the terms of the Deed of Charge all amounts which the Servicer (on behalf of the 
Issuer and the Trustee or its appointee) is permitted to withdraw from the Transaction Account pursuant 
to the terms of the Deed of Charge will be released from the Deed of Charge Security. In addition, upon 
the Issuer or the Servicer making a disposal of an Authorised Investment or Marketable Assets (to the 
extent governed by English law) charged under the Deed of Charge and provided that the proceeds of 
such disposal are paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed, that Authorised Investment or Marketable Assets (to the extent governed by 
English law) will be released from the Deed of Charge Security.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
At such time that all of the obligations owing by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors have been 
discharged in full, the Trustee will, at the cost of the Issuer, take whatever action is necessary to release 
the Charged Property from the Deed of Charge Security to, or to the order of, the Issuer. 
Enforcement 
If a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer, the Trustee shall be entitled to appoint a Receiver, and/or 
enforce the Deed of Charge Security constituted by the Deed of Charge, and/or take such steps as it 
shall deem necessary, subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. All 
proceeds received by the Trustee from the enforcement of the Deed of Charge Security will be applied 
in accordance with the Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement  
Some of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool will pay from time to time a variable rate of interest for a 
period of time that may either be linked to the standard variable rate of the Issuer (the “Issuer 
Standard Variable Rate”) or linked to an interest rate other than the Issuer Standard Variable Rate, 
such as EURIBOR or a rate that tracks the ECB base rate. Other Loan Assets will pay a fixed rate of 
interest for a period of time. However, the Euro payments to be made by the Issuer under each of the 
Covered Bond Swaps may vary. To provide a hedge against the possible variance between: 
(a) 
the rates of interest payable on the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool; and 
(b) 
the payments to be made by the Issuer under the Covered Bond Swaps, 
the Issuer, the provider of the Interest Rate Swaps (each such provider, an “Interest Rate Swap 
Provider”) and the Trustee may enter into one or more an interest rate swap transactions in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each such transaction an 
“Interest Rate Swap”). 
Under the terms of each Interest Rate Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Interest Rate Swap Provider’s obligations is downgraded by a 
Rating Agency below the rating specified in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with 
the requirements of the Rating Agencies), the Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Interest Rate Swaps, arranging for its obligations 
under the Interest Rate Swaps to be transferred to an entity with ratings required by the relevant 
Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency to 
become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Interest Rate Swaps (such 
guarantee to be provided in accordance with the then-current guarantee criteria of each of the Rating 
Agencies), or taking such other action as it may agree with the relevant Rating Agency. A failure to 
take such steps within the periods set out in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement will, subject to certain 
conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with 
any other events of default and termination events set out in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each 
referred to as an “Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event”), which may include:

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
• 
at the option of any party to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to make timely payments of any amounts due under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
and 
• 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of 
the Interest Rate Swap Provider’s obligations, or the merger of the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
without an assumption of its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
Upon the termination of an Interest Rate Swap pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Early Termination 
Event, the Issuer or the Interest Rate Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the 
other in accordance with the provisions of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. The amount of this 
termination payment will be calculated and made in Euro. Any termination payment made by the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider to the Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap will first be used (prior to 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider to enter into a 
replacement Interest Rate Swap with the Issuer, unless a replacement Interest Rate Swap has already 
been entered into on behalf of the Issuer. Any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement 
Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of a replacement Interest Rate Swap will first be used to make 
any termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous Interest Rate Swap, 
unless such termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Issuer. Any tax credits 
received by the Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap Provider for any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(and wherever imposed) made under the relevant Interest Rate Swap. 
If a withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Interest 
Rate Swap Provider to the Issuer under the Interest Rate Swaps, the Interest Rate Swap Provider shall 
always be obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the 
amount which would have been received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. If a 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swaps, the Issuer shall not be obliged to gross up 
those payments. 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of the 
Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
directly and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of by the 
Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. If the 
Issuer is required to sell Selected Loans in the Cover Pool following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
then, to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans, the Issuer may either: 
(a) 
require that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans partially terminate 
to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans and any breakage costs 
payable by or to the Issuer in connection with such termination will, following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event, be taken into account in calculating the Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount for the sale of the Selected Loans; or 
(b) 
request that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans be partially 
novated to the purchaser of such Fixed Rate Loans to the extent that such Selected Loans

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
include Fixed Rate Loans, such that each purchaser of Selected Loans will thereby become 
party to a separate interest rate swap transaction with the Interest Rate Swap Provider. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement (and each Interest Rate Swap thereunder) will be governed by 
English law. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements  
The Issuer may enter into one or more covered bond swap transactions with one or more Covered 
Bond Swap Providers and the Trustee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds (each such 
transaction a “Covered Bond Swap”). Each Covered Bond Swap may be either a Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap or a Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap and each will constitute the sole 
Transaction under a single Covered Bond Swap Agreement (such Covered Bond Swap Agreements, 
together, the “Covered Bond Swap Agreements”). 
Each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge (after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event) against certain interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the 
Issuer under the Loans and the Interest Rate Swaps (if any) and amounts payable by the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds (“Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap”). 
Each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge against certain interest rate, 
currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer under the Loans and the 
Interest Rate Swaps (if any) and amounts payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (“Non-
Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap”). 
Where required to hedge such risks, there will be one (or more) Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s) and 
Covered Bond Swap(s) in relation to each Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the 
Issuer on each Interest Payment Date, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, an amount equal to the 
relevant portion of the amounts that are payable by the Issuer in respect of interest and principal 
payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. In return, the Issuer (or the Servicer 
on its behalf) will periodically pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount in Euro calculated 
by reference to Euro EURIBOR plus a spread and, where relevant, the Euro Equivalent of the relevant 
portion of any principal due to be repaid in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer (or the 
Servicer on its behalf) will, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, pay 
to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amount received by 
the Issuer in respect of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series or Tranche, as applicable, of 
Covered Bonds and in return the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer the Euro 
Equivalent of the first-mentioned amount. Thereafter, and where the Covered Bonds are denominated 
in Euro, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer on each Interest Payment Date an 
amount equal to the relevant portion of the amounts that are payable by the Issuer in respect of interest 
and principal payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. In return, the Issuer (or 
the Servicer on its behalf) will periodically pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount in 
Euros calculated by reference to EURIBOR plus a spread and, where relevant, the Euro Equivalent of 
the relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Under the terms of each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap and each Non-Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any 
guarantor of the Covered Bond Swap Provider’s obligations is downgraded by a Rating Agency below 
the rating specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement (in accordance with the 
requirements of the Rating Agencies), the Covered Bond Swap Provider will, in accordance with the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may 
include providing collateral for its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap, arranging for its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Swap to be transferred to an entity with the ratings required by the 
relevant Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating 
Agency to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement (such guarantee to be provided in accordance with the then-current guarantee criteria of 
each of the Rating Agencies), or taking such other action as it may agree with the relevant Rating 
Agency. In addition, if the net exposure of the Issuer against the Covered Bond Swap Provider under 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap exceeds the threshold specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement, the Covered Bond Swap Provider may be required to provide collateral for its obligations. 
A failure to take such steps within the time periods set out in the Covered Bond Swap Agreement will, 
subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate the Covered Bond Swap. 
A Covered Bond Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with 
any other events of default and termination events set out in the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement (each referred to as a “Covered Bond Swap Early Termination Event”), which may 
include: 
 
(a) 
at the option of any party to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to make timely payments of any amounts due under such Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any guarantor of 
the Covered Bond Swap Provider’s obligations, or the merger of the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement. 
Upon the termination of a Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer or the Covered Bond Swap Provider may be 
liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be calculated and made 
in Euro. Any termination payment made by the Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Issuer in respect of 
a Covered Bond Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay a 
replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Covered Bond Swap with the 
Issuer, unless a replacement Covered Bond Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the Issuer. 
Any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of a 
replacement Covered Bond Swap will first be used to make any termination payment due and payable 
by the Issuer with respect to the previous Covered Bond Swap, unless such termination payment has 
already been made on behalf of the Issuer. Any tax credits received by the Issuer in respect of a Covered 
Bond Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider for any gross-up in 
respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes. Duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and wherever imposed) made under the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider directly and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
If withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider to the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap, the Covered Bond Swap Provider shall 
always be obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the 
amount which would have been received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. If

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider under a Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer shall not be obliged to gross up 
those payments. 
The Covered Bond Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of each 
of the Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. 
In the event that the Covered Bonds are redeemed and/or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions, the Covered Bond Swap(s) in connection with such Covered Bonds will terminate or 
partially terminate, as the case may be. Any breakage costs payable by or to the Issuer in connection 
with such termination will be taken into account in calculating: 
(a) 
the Cover Pool Payment Date for the sale of Selected Loans; and 
(b) 
the purchase price to be paid for any Covered Bonds purchased by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 6.7 (Purchases). 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement (and each Covered Bond Swap thereunder) will be governed by 
English law. 
FX Swap Agreements  
Some of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool may be denominated in a currency other than euro and will 
either pay a variable rate of interest for a period of time that may either be linked to a specified interest 
rate, such as LIBOR or a rate that tracks a specific base rate or will pay a fixed rate of interest for a 
period of time. As noted above, the Issuer will make payments to each Covered Bond Swap Provider in 
euro. To provide a hedge against the possible variance between: 
(a) 
the currency of the relevant Loan Assets and the rates of interest payable on such Loan Assets in 
the Cover Pool; and 
(b) 
the euro payments to be made by the Issuer under the Covered Bond Swaps, 
the Issuer, the provider of the fx swap (each such provider, an “FX Swap Provider”) and the Trustee 
may enter into one or more fx swap transactions in respect of the Loans in the Cover Pool which are 
denominated in a currency other than euro under one or more FX swap agreements (each, an “FX 
Swap Agreement” and each such transaction an “FX Swap”). 
Under the terms of each FX Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the FX Swap Provider or any 
guarantor of the FX Swap Provider's obligations is downgraded by that Rating Agency below the 
rating specified in the FX Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of that Rating 
Agency) for the FX Swap Provider or any guarantor of the FX Swap Provider's obligations, the FX 
Swap Provider may, in accordance with the FX Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial 
measures which may include providing collateral for its obligations in respect of the FX Swaps, 
arranging for its obligations under the FX Swaps to be transferred to an entity with ratings required by 
the relevant Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required by that Rating Agency 
to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the FX Swaps (such guarantee to 
be provided in accordance with then current guarantee criteria of that Rating Agency), or taking such 
other action as it may agree with that Rating Agency. A failure to take such steps within the periods set 
out in the FX Swap Agreement may, subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate the FX 
Swap Agreement.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
The FX Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with any 
other events of default and termination events set out in the FX Swap Agreement (each referred to as 
an “FX Swap Early Termination Event”), which may include: 
• 
at the option of a party to the FX Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to 
make timely payments of any amounts due under the FX Swap Agreement; and 
• 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the FX Swap Provider or 
any guarantor of the FX Swap Provider's obligations, or the merger of the FX Swap Provider 
without an assumption of its obligations under the FX Swap Agreement. 
Upon the termination of a FX Swap pursuant to an FX Swap Early Termination Event, the Issuer or the 
FX Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the 
provisions of the FX Swap Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be calculated and 
made in euro. Any termination payment made by the FX Swap Provider to the Issuer in respect of an 
FX Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay a replacement FX Swap 
Provider to enter into a replacement FX Swap with the Issuer, unless a replacement FX Swap has 
already been entered into on behalf of the Issuer. Any premium received by the Issuer from a 
replacement FX Swap Provider in respect of a replacement FX Swap will first be used to make any 
termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous FX Swap, unless such 
termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Issuer. Any tax credits received by the 
Issuer in respect of a FX Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant FX Swap Provider for any 
gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and wherever imposed) made under 
the relevant FX Swap. 
If a withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the FX Swap 
Provider to the Issuer under the FX Swaps, the FX Swap Provider shall always be obliged to gross-up 
those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the amount which would have 
been received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. If a withholding or deduction for or on 
account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the FX Swap Provider under the FX 
Swaps, the Issuer shall not be obliged to gross-up those payments. 
The FX Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant FX Swap 
Agreement to a transferee with the minimum ratings in line with the criteria of the Rating Agencies, 
without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the FX Swap Provider directly 
and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
The FX Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant FX Swap 
Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of the Rating Agencies, 
without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. The terms of an FX 
Swap Agreement may provide that if the Issuer is required to sell Selected Loans in the Cover Pool 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event then, to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed 
Rate Loans, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
require that the FX Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans partially terminate to the 
extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans and any breakage costs payable by or 
to the Issuer in connection with such termination will, following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event, be taken into account in calculating the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the 
sale of the Selected Loans; or

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
(b) 
request that the FX Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans be partially novated to the 
purchaser of such Fixed Rate Loans to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate 
Loans, such that each purchaser of Selected Loans will thereby become party to a separate FX 
Swap transaction with the FX Swap Provider. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
Each FX Swap Agreement is (and each FX Rate Swap thereunder) will be governed by English law. 
Bank Account Agreement  
Pursuant to the terms of the Bank Account Agreement entered into on the Programme Closing Date 
(and as amended and restated from time to time) between the Account Bank, the Issuer, the Servicer 
and the Trustee, the Servicer will maintain with the Account Bank the Bank Accounts, which will be 
operated in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the Deed of Charge. 
If the long-term issuer default rating of the Account Bank falls below A- by S&P or if the short-
term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligation rating of the Account Bank falls 
below P-1 by Moody’s (or such other ratings that may be agreed between the parties to the Bank 
Account Agreement and the relevant Rating Agency from time to time), and the Account Bank does 
not, within 30 calendar days of such occurrence, obtain an unconditional and unlimited guarantee (in 
a form acceptable to each of the Rating Agencies then rating any Covered Bonds) of its obligations 
under the Bank Account Agreement from a financial institution having the long-term issuer default 
ratings at least equal to A- by S&P and the short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
debt obligation rating at least equal to P-1 by Moody's and provided that Moody’s (to the extent it is 
rating any Covered Bonds at the time) has provided confirmation in writing that the ratings on the 
Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected thereby (and in the case of any other Rating 
Agency, such Rating Agency has been notified), then: 
• 
the Bank Account Agreement will be terminated in respect of the Account Bank; and 
• 
the Bank Accounts will be closed and all amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be 
transferred to accounts held with a financial institution with a long-term issuer default rating of 
at least A- by S&P and a short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and which is an authorised financial institution 
under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended). 
 
The costs arising from any remedial action taken by the Account Bank, following its long-term issuer 
default rating ceasing to be rated at least A- by S&P or its short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligation rating ceasing to be rated at least P-1 by Moody's (or such other ratings 
that may be agreed between the parties to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and each Rating 
Agency then rating any Covered Bonds at the time) shall be borne by the Account Bank. 
The Bank Account Agreement is governed by English law. 
Custody Agreement  
The Issuer may enter into any Custody Agreement after the Programme Closing Date with, inter alios, 
the Custodian (as any of the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from 
time to time).

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Any Custody Agreement entered into is governed by English law.  
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement  
The Issuer has entered into an Issuer-ICSDs Agreement with Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking SA (the “ICSDs” ) in respect of any Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form. The Issuer-ICSDs 
Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any such NGCBs, maintain their respective 
portion of the issue outstanding amount through their records. 
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement is governed by English law.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
TAXATION 
Greece 
The following summary of the principal Greek taxation consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposal of Covered Bonds by Greek or foreign tax resident holders, is of a general nature and is 
based on the provisions of tax laws currently in force in Greece. The summary below does not 
constitute a complete analysis and therefore, potential investors should consult their own tax advisers 
as to the tax consequences of such purchase, ownership and disposal. This summary is based on 
current Greek tax legislation and administrative practice of the Greek tax authorities. 
Income – Withholding Tax 
The Greek income taxation framework is regulated by Greek Law 4172/2013, as amended from time to time. 
Interest payments to the Covered Bondholders which are legal entities having a permanent establishment 
in Greece for Greek tax law purposes (the “Greek Tax Residents”), made by the Issuer or a paying 
agent residing or having a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law purposes, will be 
subject to Greek withholding tax at a flat rate of 15%. The relevant paying agent is liable to make the 
relevant withholding. This withholding does not exhaust the tax liability of legal entities. No 
withholding tax applies to payments to individuals (article 52 of Greek Law 4646/2019 in conjunction 
with article 37 paragraph 2 of Greek Law 4172/2013).  
Interest payments to the Covered Bondholders which are Foreign Tax Residents, either individuals or 
legal entities, made by the Issuer or a paying agent residing or having a permanent establishment in 
Greece for Greek tax law purposes, will not be subject to Greek withholding tax (article 52 of Greek 
Law 4646/2019 in conjunction with article 64 paragraph 9 of Greek Law 4172/2013).  
Capital gains realised from the transfer of Covered Bonds  
Pursuant to the provisions of article 14 of Greek Law 3156/2003 that are applicable to Covered Bonds 
by virtue of Article 152 paragraph 1 of Law 4261/2014, capital gains realised by Covered Bondholders 
from the transfer of Covered Bonds are not subject to taxation in Greece. This has been explicitly 
confirmed through recent Interpretative Circular No. 1032/2015 (item (iii) of paragraph 2). If the capital 
gains' beneficiaries are Greek legal persons or legal entities, or foreign legal persons or legal entities 
which have a permanent establishment in Greece to which the capital gains are attributable, no 
exemption is granted but the corporate taxation is under conditions deferred up to their distribution to the 
shareholders or capitalization. 
Solidarity Levy 
Covered Bondholders who are individuals are subject to a tax called “Solidarity Levy” as regards any 
interest paid under the Covered Bonds and any capital gains realised from the transfer thereof. Such levy 
is imposed on the overall annual income in Greece, both taxable and tax exempt, at a progressive tax 
scale starting from 2.2%, with a tax free bracket of €12,000 and a top marginal rate of 10%. 
Value Added Tax 
No value added tax is payable upon disposal of the Covered Bonds (pursuant to Article 22(1)(ka) of 
Greek Law 2859/2000). 
Death Duties and Taxation on Gifts 
The Covered Bonds are subject to Greek inheritance tax if the deceased holder of Covered Bonds had 
been a resident of Greece or a Greek national.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
However, if the Covered Bonds were located abroad and the deceased Greek national holder of 
Covered Bonds had been residing abroad for at least 10 successive years prior to his/her death, the 
Covered Bonds shall be exempt from inheritance tax. 
The rates of inheritance tax vary from 0% to 40.0%, depending on the relationship between the heir 
and the deceased. 
A gift of Covered Bonds is subject to Greek tax if the holder of the Covered Bonds (donor) is a Greek 
national or if the recipient thereof is a Greek national or resident. 
The rates of gift tax vary from 0% to 40% depending on the relationship between the donor and the 
beneficiary. 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 14 of Greek Law 3156/2003, in conjunction with Article 152, the issuance or 
transfer of Covered Bonds is exempt from Greek stamp duty. 
Tax reporting by country for Multinational Groups 
Law 4484/2017 adapts Greek legislation to Directive (EU) 2016/881 as regards mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation. The relevant provisions introduce clarifications 
regarding the compulsory automatic exchange of information, as well administrative penalties and the 
competent enforcement bodies. Specifically, it is provided that the ultimate parent entity of a 
multinational enterprise having its tax residence in Greece or any other reporting entity, i.e. an entity 
with a tax residence in Greece that is not a ultimate parent entity of a group and fulfils specific 
conditions set out in the new provisions, shall submit a Report by Country for the relevant Reporting 
Year. This Report is submitted within twelve months from the last day of the Group's Reporting Tax 
Year. The competent authorized body receiving the Country Report shall exchange automatically the 
Country Report with any Member State in which, based on the information provided by the Country 
Report, one or more constituent entities of the reporting group have their tax residence or are subject to 
taxation for business activities carried out through a permanent establishment. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission's Proposal”) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings of 
the Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in 
a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the financial transaction is issued in a Participating Member State.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between Participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following paragraph is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional advisers as 
to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a 
tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds held by non-
resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
 (b) 
Resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23rd December 
2005, as amended, (the “Relibi Law”) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Covered 
Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered Bonds held by 
Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20.0%. Such withholding tax will be in full 
discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the paying agents. Payments of interest under the Covered Bonds coming within 
the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20.0%. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if 
additional Covered Bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further 
Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Covered Bonds may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated 21 June 2010, as amended and restated 
from time to time (the “Programme Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The 
Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. The Programme Agreement will be supplemented 
on or around the date of each issuance by a Subscription Agreement, which will set out, inter alia, the 
relevant underwriting commitments. The date of the relevant Subscription Agreement will be set out in item 
15 of the Final Terms. On 27 September 2017 the Parties entered into an amended and restated Programme 
Agreement, whereby UBS acceded to the aforementioned as Arranger and Dealer. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from, or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply 
or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
In connection with any Covered Bonds which are offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Covered 
Bonds (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Series of Covered Bonds of which such Covered Bonds are a part, as determined and 
certified by the relevant Dealer(s), in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the lead manager, in the case 
of a syndicated issue and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that it will send to each dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds of such Tranche during the 
distribution compliance period (other than pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale 
of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds, as the case may be, to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, as 
the case may be. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
Other regulatory restrictions

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from 
or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Hellenic Republic 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been submitted to the approval procedure of the HCMC 
provided for by the Prospectus Regulation and Greek Law 4706/2020, as in force. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Covered Bonds by any 
form of solicitation or advertising in the Hellenic Republic that would not fall under the exemptions of 
article 1 paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation and article 58 par. 1 of Greek Law 4706/2020 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
In addition to the cases described in the European Economic Area selling restrictions in which the 
Dealers can make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in an EEA Member State (including the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg), the Dealers can also make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities 
pursuant to the provisions of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities, as 
amended. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers,

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock 
exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The establishment, implementation and operation of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds 
have been duly confirmed and authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 
26 May 2010. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer provides quarterly Investor Reports detailing, among other things, compliance with the 
Statutory Tests. This information will be available at the offices of Citibank, N.A., London Branch, on 
Bloomberg and on the website www.nbg.gr. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Group, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, either (a) to meet part of 
its general financing requirements; or (b) to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible 
Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects (as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
Green Bond Principles, only Series of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Green Eligible Projects 
will be denominated “Green Covered Bonds”. 
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles, only Series of Covered 
Bonds financing or refinancing Social Eligible Projects will be denominated “Social Covered Bonds”. 
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Series of 
Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects will be 
denominated “Sustainable Covered Bonds”. 
On or before the issue of Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainable Covered Bonds, 
further details on Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects will be provided in a Framework 
which will be made available on the Bank’s website at www.nbg.gr and may be updated from time to 
time. 
Definitions: 
“Green Eligible Projects” means financings of renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainability 
mobility, sustainability water, circular economy and green buildings projects and assets which meet a set 
of environmental criteria.

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
“Social Eligible Projects” means small and medium-sized enterprises financing and financing of non-
profit and civil economy to support access to essential services which meet a set of social criteria. 
Litigation  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the twelve months preceding the date of 
approval of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on 
the Issuer’s or the Group's financial position or profitability. For further details, please see Section 
“Business Overview”, paragraph “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”. 
No significant or material change 
Save for the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Bank and the Group (as further described in the 
sections of the Base Prospectus headed “Risk Factors - The Group is subject to risks related to the 
future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that may materially and adversely affect 
its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition” and “The Issuer - COVID-19 
outbreak”), there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank or the Group since 
31 December 2019. There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial 
position of the Bank or the Group since 30 September 2020. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding, copies 
and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents will, when published, be 
available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents or the Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer 
(https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/corporate-governance/regulations-principles) ; 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2018 and 31 December 2019 (with an English translation thereof), in each case 
together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(c) 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2020 (with an English translation thereof); 
(d) 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
nine-month period ended 30 September 2020 (with an English translation thereof); 
(e) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (with an English 
translation thereof), together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(f) 
the Programme Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, and the forms of the Global 
Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(g) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(h) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Covered Bond which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom nor 
offered in the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and 
identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus, any documents 
incorporated by reference and each Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to 
trading on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be available for inspection free 
of charge from the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.bourse.lu. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, will remain 
publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years, at https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/investor-
relations/dept-investors/%E2%82%AC15billioncoveredbondprogrammeii.  
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for 
each Series of Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Independent Auditors 
The Group and Bank 2019 Annual Financial Statements and 2018 Annual Financial Statements prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the EU as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A., being certified public accountants. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. are members of the Body of Certified Public Accountants in Greece 
(SOEL) and are also registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and 
Hellenic Accounting and Auditing Oversight Board (ELTE). 
With respect to the Group and Bank 2020 June Interim Financial Statements included in this Base 
Prospectus, PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. reported that they have applied limited procedures in 
accordance with professional standards for the review of such information. However, their separate 
report dated 7 August 2020 appearing herein state that they did not audit and they do not express an 
opinion on that unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on 
such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
INDEX  
€, 6 
1LoD, 203 
2015 Comprehensive Assessment, 172 
2015 Recapitalisation, 172 
2015 Revised Restructuring Plan, 24 
2018 Annual Financial Statements, 102 
2018 Stress Test, 235 
2019 Annual Financial Statements, 102 
2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
Commitments, 173 
2LoD, 203 
30/360, 121 
30E/360, 121 
30E/360 (ISDA), 122 
360/360, 121 
3LoD, 203 
AC, 227 
Account Bank, 71 
Accrual Period, 120 
Accrual Yield, 129 
Actual/360, 120 
Actual/365 (Euro), 120 
Actual/365 (Fixed), 120 
Actual/Actual, 120 
Actual/Actual (ICMA), 120 
Actual/Actual (ISDA), 120 
Addendum, 257 
Additional Cover Pool Assets, 80 
adjusted, 123 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount, 281 
Adjustment Spread, 117 
Adverse Scenario Shortfall, 172 
Agency Agreement, 99, 106, 285 
ALCO, 216 
Alternative Reference Rate, 117 
Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement, 24, 247 
Amortisation Test, 88 
Amortised Face Amount, 133 
Annual Financial Statements, 102 
APMs, 6 
APP, 178 
Applicable Calculation Date, 84 
Application, 109 
APS, 187 
AQR, 172 
Arrangers, 70 
Article 152, 75 
Article 632 Suspension Petition, 57, 272 
Article 632-633 Annulment Petition, 57, 272 
Article 933 Annulment Petition, 57 
Article 937 Suspension Petition, 57, 273 
Article Annulment 933 Petition, 273 
ASGS, 179 
Asset Monitor, 71 
Asset Monitor Agreement, 98 
Asset Monitor Report, 284 
Athens Business Day, 77 
ATHEX, 180 
ATMs, 171 
Authorised Investments, 90 
BAC, 208 
Bank, 1 
Bank Account Agreement, 99 
Bank Accounts, 100 
Bank Audi Egypt, 174 
Bankruptcy Code, 64 
Base Prospectus, 1 
Basel III, 35, 237 
Baseline Scenario Shortfall, 172 
BCBS, 208 
Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate, 
118 
Benchmarks, 50 
Board, 219 
Board Committees, 227 
Board Risk Committee, 228 
BoG, 208 
Bond Basis, 121 
Borrower, 43 
BRC, 208, 216, 228 
Brexit, 30 
Broken Amount, 111 
BRR Law, 37 
BRRD, 10 
BRRD II, 38 
BRRD Reforms, 37 
Burden Sharing Measures, 173 
Business Day, 119 
Business Day Convention, 119 
Calculation Agent, 113 
Calculation Amount, 129 
Calculation Date, 86 
Capital Buffer Requirements, 238 
Capital Conservation Buffer, 234, 238 
Capital Plan, 172 
Capital Requirements Regulation, 35 
CBE, 174 
CCB, 35 
CCO, 210 
CCPs, 239 
CcyB, 35, 234 
CECC, 229 
CET1, 6, 234 
CGNC, 228 
Charged Property, 76

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Chief Risk Officer, 211 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 78, 108, 146 
COBIT, 206 
COBS, 150 
Code of Conduct, 56 
Collection Account, 91 
Commission's Proposal, 296 
Commitments, 24 
Committees, 227 
Common Depositary, 146 
Common Safekeeper, 146 
Competent Court of First Instance, 56, 272 
Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee, 
229 
Conditions, 3, 72, 107 
Consortium, 194 
Corporate Governance and Nominations 
Committee, 228 
COSO 2013, 205 
Council, 253 
Couponholders, 107 
Coupons, 106 
Cover Pool, 1, 80 
Cover Pool Asset, 80 
Cover Pool Event of Default, 95 
Cover Pool Payment Date, 77 
Covered Bond Swap, 289 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 289 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements, 289 
Covered Bond Swap Early Termination 
Event, 290 
Covered Bond Swap Provider, 71 
Covered Bondholder, 109 
Covered Bondholders, 3 
Covered Bonds, 1 
Covered Bonds Available Funds, 93 
COVID-19, 12 
CRA Regulation, 1, 48 
CRD IV, 35 
CRD IV Directive, 35 
CRD Law, 37 
CRD V Directive, 40, 245 
Credit Institution, 91 
CRO, 208 
CRR, 35 
CRR II, 40 
CRR Quick Fix, 258 
CSAs, 214 
CSR, 220 
CSSF, 1 
Custodian, 72 
Custody Agreement, 100 
Day Count Fraction, 120 
Dealer, 1 
Dealers, 1 
Deed of Charge, 99 
Deed of Charge Security, 286 
Definitive Covered Bond, 106 
Designated Maturity, 113 
Determination Date, 122 
Determination Period, 122 
DG Comp, 173 
Directive 2014/65/EU, 1 
Dispute, 145 
distributor, 5 
doBank, 23 
Documents, 143 
Domestic Banking Deposits, 185 
Domestic Banking Loans, 185 
DTCs, 41 
Dual Currency Interest Covered Bonds, 74 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, 129 
Early Redemption Amount, 129 
EBA, 34, 175, 208 
EC, 226 
EC Proposals, 35, 240 
ECB, 8, 208 
ECL, 6 
EEA, 1, 4, 149 
EEA Credit Institution, 286 
e-EFKA, 201 
EFSF, 17 
EGDICH, 63, 262 
eGRC, 206 
EIB, 190 
EIF, 190 
Eligible Investments, 86 
EMMI, 51 
EMU, 6 
Enhanced Surveillance Framework, 15 
ESM, 12 
ESMA, 1 
Established Rate, 129 
Ethniki Factors, 185 
Ethniki Insurance, 173 
EU, 15 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, 1, 50 
EU Insurance Distribution Directive, 149 
EU MiFID II, 149 
EU Taxonomy, 54 
EUR, 6 
EURIBOR, 50, 112 
euro, 6, 129 
Euro Equivalent, 281 
Eurobond Basis, 121 
Euroclear, 78, 108, 146 
EUWA, 149, 300 
EVE, 215

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
EXCC, 231 
Excess Swap Collateral, 94 
Exchange Date, 146 
Exchange Event, 147 
Exchange Notice, 128 
ExCo, 208 
Extended Final Maturity Date, 42, 77 
Extraordinary Resolution, 129 
FBEs, 36 
FCA, 51 
FFA, 24 
FIEA, 301 
Final Maturity Date”, 77 
Final Redemption Amount, 42, 77, 127 
Final Terms, 1, 72 
Finansbank, 171 
First Programme, 17 
FIs, 216 
Fixed Coupon Amount, 111 
Fixed Interest Period, 111, 122 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, 73 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only, 163 
Floating Rate, 113 
Floating Rate Convention, 119 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, 74 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only, 164 
Floating Rate Option, 113 
Following Business Day Convention, 119 
foreign passthru payments, 297 
Former Residence, 143 
Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap, 289 
Fund, 39 
FVTOCI, 31 
FX Swap, 292 
FX Swap Agreement, 292 
FX Swap Early Termination Event, 292 
FX Swap Provider, 71, 291 
G&A, 184 
GBV, 195 
GDP, 12 
GEMI, 260 
General Reserve Ledger, 282 
General Reserve Required Amount, 283 
General Reserve Withdrawal Amount, 283 
GFLRMD, 209 
GFNs, 15 
GGBs, 13 
GIADs, 203 
Global Covered Bond, 106, 146 
Global Covered Bonds, 146 
GMRA, 214 
GORMD, 209 
GPI, 199 
GRC, 204 
GRCAD, 209 
Greece, 6 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation, 75, 167 
Greek Securitisation Law, 62 
Greek State, 6 
Greek Tax Residents, 295 
Green Eligible Projects, 303 
Green Projects, 54 
Group, 171 
GTS, 198 
HCMC, 208 
HDB, 190 
Hedging Agreements, 100 
Hedging Counterparties, 71 
Hedging Counterparty, 71 
Hercules, 195, 259 
HFSF, 9 
HFSF Law, 37, 220, 246 
HFSF Observer, 219 
HFSF Subscription, 172 
holder of Covered Bonds, 109 
HQLAs, 7 
HRRC, 227 
HTCS, 31, 211 
Human Resources and Remuneration 
Committee, 227 
ICC, 193 
ICCC, 203 
ICF, 204 
ICFR, 205 
ICMA, 303 
ICS, 202 
ICSDs, 294 
ICT, 209, 217 
IFRS, 6, 205 
IGAs, 297 
IIA, 206 
Indebtedness, 89 
Indemnity, 98 
Independent Adviser, 117 
Individual Eligibility Criteria, 82 
Initial Assets, 80 
Instalment Amount, 134 
Instalment Covered Bonds, 129 
Instalment Date, 134 
Institutions, 17 
Insurance Distribution Directive, 4 
Interest Amount, 114 
Interest Commencement Date, 122 
Interest Payment Date, 112, 122 
Interest Payment Dates, 122 
Interest Period, 112, 123 
Interest Rate Swap, 287 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement, 287

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event, 
288 
Interest Rate Swap Provider, 71, 287 
Investment Bank, 277 
Investor Put, 132 
Investor Report, 101 
Investor Report Date, 100 
Investor Repurchase Put, 132 
Investor’s Currency, 69 
IOSCO, 238 
IRRBB, 214 
ISACA, 206 
ISDA, 214 
ISDA Definitions, 112 
ISDA Determination, 112 
ISDA Rate, 112 
Issue Date, 73 
Issue Price, 77 
Issuer, 1, 70, 106 
Issuer Accounts, 286 
Issuer Call, 131 
Issuer Event, 88, 136 
Issuer Insolvency Event, 137 
Issuer Standard Variable Rate, 287 
KRI, 218 
Late Payment, 134 
Latest Maturing Covered Bonds, 83 
LCR, 7, 23, 239 
LEPETE, 201 
Leverage Ratio, 239 
LIBOR, 50, 112 
LME Offers, 172 
Loan Assets, 79 
Loans, 79 
LoD, 217 
Long Maturity Covered Bond, 125 
Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for 
Securities, 1 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, 72 
Marketable Assets, 85 
Master Definitions and Construction 
Schedule, 107 
Member State, 6 
MFFA, 17 
MiFID II, 4 
MiFID Product Governance Rules, 5 
Minimum Rate of Interest, 129 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
120 
Monitoring Trustee, 25, 226 
Moody’s, 2 
Mortgage, 83 
MoU, 15 
MREL, 10 
MROs, 20 
MVU, 209 
National Resolution Authority, 240 
NBG, 1, 70 
NBG Asset Management, 188 
NBG Egypt, 174 
NBG Malta, 183 
NBG Securities, 197 
NCAs, 234 
Negative Carry Factor, 281 
New Asset Types, 80 
New Company, 143 
New Residence, 143 
NGCB, 125, 146 
NGEU, 16, 178 
NIC, 173 
NII, 215 
Nine Months 2020 Financial Statements, 102 
Nominal Value, 85 
Non Viability Loss Absorption, 38 
Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap, 
289 
not adjusted, 123 
Notice of Default, 95, 129, 138 
NPE, 6 
NPEs, 9 
NPL, 267 
NPLs, 6 
NSFR, 7, 23, 239 
OAED, 83 
Observer Employee Representative, 219 
OCP, 212 
OCR, 34 
OEK, 83 
OEK Subsidised Loans, 83 
Optional Redemption Amount(s), 129, 131 
Optional Redemption Date, 131 
OR, 217 
ORMF, 217 
O-SII, 35 
OTC, 211 
P2G, 34 
Pangaea, 173 
Partly-Paid Covered Bonds, 75 
Paying Agents, 71, 106, 285 
Payment Day, 126 
PEPP, 13, 178 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, 146 
Post Issuer Event Priority of Payments, 95 
Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of 
Payments, 97, 110 
Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments, 109 
Potential Cover Pool Event of Default, 129 
Pre Notation, 83

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Preceding Business Day Convention, 120 
PRIIPs Regulation, 4, 149 
Principal Amount Outstanding, 123 
Principal Paying Agent, 71, 106 
Priorities of Payments, 97, 110 
Priority of Payments, 97, 110 
Probank Leasing, 185 
Prodea, 230 
Programme, 1 
Programme Agreement, 299 
Programme Closing Date, 98 
Programme Resolution, 140 
Project Danube, 195 
Project Frontier, 195 
Project Icon, 195 
Project Marina, 195 
Project Symbol, 194 
Prop Index Valuation, 87 
Prospectus Regulation, 1 
Provisions and Write Offs Committee, 231 
Put Notice, 132, 133 
PWOC, 231 
QNB, 171 
Quality and Quantity of Capital, 238 
RAF, 213 
Rate of Interest, 129 
Rating Agencies, 72 
Rating Agency, 72 
Rating Agency Confirmation, 48 
RCSA, 217 
RCU, 192 
Receiptholders, 107 
Receipts, 107 
Receiver, 76 
Redeemed Covered Bonds, 131 
Redenomination Date, 129, 144 
Reference Price, 130 
Registration Statement, 75 
Regulation 1024/2013, 233 
Regulation S, 4 
Related Security, 79 
Relationship Framework Agreement, 24 
Relevant Date, 139 
relevant Dealer, 1 
Relevant Interest Determination Date, 116 
Relevant Nominating Body, 117 
Relibi Law, 297 
REO, 184 
Replacement Servicer, 92 
Repurchase Date, 133 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount, 280 
Required Redemption Amount, 281 
Reset Date, 113 
Revised Restructuring Plan, 24 
Revised Restruturing Plans, 24 
RRF, 16, 179 
RWAs, 7 
S&P, 2 
SAU, 192 
Screen Rate Determination, 130 
SEC, 229 
Second Programme, 17 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, 75, 167 
Secured Creditors, 76, 130 
Securities Act, 4 
SEE, 10 
Selected Loan Offer Notice, 279 
Selected Loan Removal Notice, 279 
Selected Loans, 279 
Selection Date, 132 
Senior Executive Committee, 229 
Series, 72, 107 
Servicer, 70 
Servicer Termination Event, 277 
Servicer’s Notice, 135 
Servicing and Cash Management Activities, 
70 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 98 
SIIs, 238 
Single Resolution Board, 39, 236 
Single Supervision Mechanism, 34 
Six Months 2020 Financial Statements, 102 
SMEs, 23 
Social Eligible Projects, 304 
Social Projects, 54 
Specified Currency, 106 
Specified Denomination, 106 
Specified Period, 112 
Specified Time, 285 
SRB, 40, 236 
SRCO, 204 
SREP, 23 
SREP Guidelines, 34 
SRM, 39 
SRM Regulation, 35 
SSM, 34, 208 
State Subsidised Loans, 84 
State/OEK Subsidised Loans, 84 
Statutory Pledge, 75, 109 
Statutory Test, 84 
Statutory Tests, 84 
STC, 228 
Stopanska Banka, 183 
Strategy and Transformation Committee, 228 
Stress Test, 172 
Subordinated Termination Payment, 97 
Subscription Agreement, 100

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
Subsidised Interest Amounts, 84 
Subsidised Loan, 84 
sub-unit, 123 
Successor Rate, 118 
sVaR, 212 
Swap Collateral, 94 
Swap Collateral Accounts, 100 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 94 
Systemic Risk Buffer, 234, 238 
Systemically Important Institutions Buffer, 
234 
T Bills, 20 
Talons, 106 
Target Securities, 172 
TARGET2, 119 
TARGET2 System, 119 
Temporary Global Covered Bond, 146 
Terms and Conditions, 150 
TFPs, 198 
Third Programme, 12 
TLTRO III, 21, 178 
TLTROs, 20, 23, 171 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement, 30 
Tranche, 72, 107 
Transaction Account, 92 
Transaction Documents, 100 
Transformation Programme, 183 
Treaty, 130 
Trust Deed, 106 
Trustee, 71, 106 
TSCR, 34, 234 
UBS, 70 
UCITS Directive, 68 
UK, 5, 149 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, 51 
UK CRA Regulation, 48 
UK MiFIR, 150 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 5, 150 
UK PRIIPs Regulation, 149 
UK Prospectus Regulation, 300 
UN Principles for Responsible Banking, 175 
VaR, 212 
Variable Interest Covered Bonds, 74 
VAT, 67 
VCV, 212 
VES, 176 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, 74

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 4151-8365-4954.10 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
86 Eolou Street 
10559 Athens 
Greece 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
86 Eolou Street 
10559 Athens 
Greece 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
TRUSTEE 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon (International) Limited 
One Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5AL 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5AL 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Greek law 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to 
English law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe 
(Europe) LLP 
Dracopoulos & Vassalakis LP 
Allen & Overy Studio Legale 
Associato 
Piazza della Croce Rossa, 2c. 00161 
Rome, Italy 
Corso Giacomo Matteotti, 10, 20121 
Milan, Italy 
4 Karageorgi Servias Str.Athens 105 62 Greece 
Via Ansperto 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. 
BusinessSolutions S.A. 
268 Kifissias Avenue 
Halandri 15232 
Greece 
AND 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg