--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Hellenic Republic) 
€10 billion Global Covered Bond Programme  
Under this €10 billion global covered bond programme (the “Programme”), National Bank of Greece S.A. (the “Issuer”, “NBG” or the 
“Bank”) may from time to time issue bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the 
transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Approval by the CSSF should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Covered Bonds that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality 
or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 
2019. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the 
“Official List”).  
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have 
been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and are intended to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive (“Directive 2014/65/EU”). 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10 
billion (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will constitute direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, having recourse to assets forming part of the cover pool (the 
“Cover Pool”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered 
Bonds (until 25 July 2024) which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in 
the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue 
and, in relation to an issue of Covered Bonds subscribed by one Dealer, be to such Dealer. 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, 
interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and any other terms and conditions not 
contained herein which are applicable to each Series or Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of 
Covered Bonds will be set out in a separate document specific to that Series or Tranche called the final terms (each, a “Final Terms”) 
which, with respect to Covered Bonds to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates which may constitute 
benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether 
or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation and such registration is not refused. The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will have the rating set out in the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
applicable Final Terms by Moody’s Investors Service Limited or its successor (“Moody’s”) (or such other ratings that may be agreed by 
the applicable Rating Agencies from time to time). A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. Investors should review and 
consider these risk factors carefully before purchasing any Covered Bonds. 
Arranger and Dealer 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 25 July 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and declares that, 
having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Copies of each Final Terms (in the case of Covered Bonds to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange) will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of 
the Paying Agents for the time being in London or in Luxembourg at the office of the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
below). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so 
incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds may be issued without the prior consent of the 
holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bondholders”) subject to the terms and 
conditions set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (the “Conditions”) as 
completed by the Final Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any 
supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any 
Series of Covered Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series, except for their respective Issue 
Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Issuer confirmed to each Dealer named under “General Description of the Programme” below 
that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) material; that such information is true and accurate in 
all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or 
intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; 
that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, 
opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and the offering and 
sale of the Covered Bonds) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have 
been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates have 
authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation 
or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in 
the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other information

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any 
Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer, and each Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the 
“Securities Act”) or any applicable U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt from, 
or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act. Covered Bonds may be offered and sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Covered Bonds (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) 
should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Covered Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered 
Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an 
indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final 
Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a ‘distributor’) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance  
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product Governance which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a ‘distributor’) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €10 billion (and for this purpose, the principal amount outstanding of any 
Covered Bonds denominated in another currency shall be converted into euro at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Covered Bonds (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement as defined under “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to 
a Member State of the European Economic Area, and references to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union 
(“EMU”) pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to “Greece” or to the “Greek State” are to the Hellenic 
Republic. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), as 
defined in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs 
disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although 
not recognised as financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), are 
used by the management of the Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance.  
The table below sets out the Group's APMs, which were calculated on the basis of the 2022 Annual 
Financial Statements:Income Statement | Group 
€ million
APM #
FY.22
FY.21 
Y-o-Y
Net interest income
1,369 
1,212
13.0%
Net fee and commission income
347 
287
20.9%
Core Income
6
1,716 
1,499
14.5%
Net trading income / (loss), Net other income/(loss) and Share of 
profit / (loss) of equity method investments
31 
344 
404
(14.9)%
Total income
46
2,060 
1,903
8.3%
Operating Expenses
37
(805)
(783)
2.8%
Core Pre-Provision Income
8
911 
716
27.2%
Pre-Provision Income
40
1,255 
1,120
12.1%
Loan impairments
27
(217)
(273)
(20.5)%
Core Operating Profit
7
694 
443
56.7%
Operating Profit
38
1,038 
847
22.6%
Adjusted profit before tax 
1
1,038 
847
22.6%
Taxes
44
(157)
(15)
>100%
Adjusted PAT (continuing operations)
2
881 
832
5.9%
EVO transaction (net of tax)
237
-
-
Discontinued Operations, Non controlling interest and other 
16
2
35 
(94.3)%
PAT attributable to NBG equity shareholders
1,120 
867 
29.2%
 
Key Ratios | Group 
Profitability Ratio
APM #
FY.22
FY.21
Δ
Cost-to-Income ratio
12
39.1%
41.1%
(2.0)%
Cost-to-Core Income ratio
11
46.9%
52.2%
(5.3)%
Cost of Risk (CoR)
10
70
98
(28) bps
Net Interest Margin (NIM) (bps)
29
213
212
+1 bps

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Asset Quality
APM #
31.12.2022
31.12.2021
Δ
Non-Performing Exposures (NPE) ratio
32
5.2%
7.0%
(1.8)%
NPE Coverage Ratio
33
87.3%
77.2%
10.1%
Core return on Tangible Equity (Core RoTE)
9
9.6%
8.2%
1.4%
 
Liquidity
APM #
31.12.2022
31.12.2021
Δ
Loans-to-Deposits Ratio
26
58.6%
56.9%
1.7%
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
25
259.2%
242.0%
17.2%
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
30
146.3%
134.5%
11.8%
 
Capital
APM #
31.12.2022
31.12.2021
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio
4
16.6%
16.9%
Total Capital Ratio
45
17.7%
17.5%
CET1 ratio fully loaded
5
15.7%
14.9%
RWAs (€ billion)
41
36.4
34.7
The definitions of the APMs are as follow: 
1. 
Adjusted Profit before Tax: Profit before tax, excluding the gain from the sale of 51.00% of 
NBG Pay S.M.S.A., the additional social security contribution for LEPETE to e-EFKA, 
restructuring cost and other one-off costs. More specifically, for the year ended 31 December 
2022, net other income excludes the gain from the sale of 51.00% of NBG PAY S.M.S.A. of 
€297 million. Furthermore, operating expenses exclude personnel expenses of €35 million 
related to defined contributions to LEPETE, VES cost of €59 million, restructuring cost of €8 
million and other one-off costs of €78 million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, operating 
expenses exclude personnel expenses of €35 million related to defined contributions for 
LEPETE to e-EFKA, VES cost of €83 million, restructuring cost of €28 million, one-off ECL 
release of €0.2 billion relating to Project “Frontier” closing and other one-off costs of €103 
million. 
2. 
Adjusted profit for the period (PAT) from continuing operations: Profit for the period from 
continuing operations, excluding the gain from the sale of 51.00% of NBG Pay S.M.S.A., the 
additional social security contribution for LEPETE to e-EFKA, restructuring cost and other one-
off costs. More specifically, for the year ended 31 December 2022, net other income excludes 
the gain from the sale of 51.00% of NBG PAY S.M.S.A. of €297 million. Furthermore, 
operating expenses exclude personnel expenses of €35 million related to defined contributions 
to LEPETE, VES cost of €59 million, restructuring cost of €8 million and other one-off costs of 
€184 million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, operating expenses exclude personnel 
expenses of €35 million related to defined contributions for LEPETE to e-EFKA, VES cost of 
€83 million, restructuring cost of €28 million, one-off ECL release of €0.2 billion relating to 
Project “Frontier” closing and other one-off costs of €103 million. 
3. 
Balance sheet: Statement of Financial Position. 
4. 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio: CET1 capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, with 
the application of the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
5. 
CET1 ratio fully loaded: CET1 capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, without the 
application of the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact on RWAs. 
6. 
Core Income: Net Interest Income (NII) + Net fee and commission income. 
7. 
Core Operating Profit: Core income less operating expenses and loan impairments.  
8. 
Core Pre-Provision Income: Core Income less operating expenses.  
9. 
Core return on Tangible Equity: Core Operating Profit / (Loss) for the period/ year + Taxes, 
over average tangible equity.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
10. Cost of Risk: Loan impairments of the period/year over average loans and advances to 
customers, excluding the short term reverse repo facility of €3.2 billion as at 31 December 
2022. 
11. Cost-to-Core Income ratio: Operating expenses over Core Income. 
12. Cost-to-Income ratio: Operating expenses over total income. 
13. Deposits: Due to customers. 
14. Depreciation: Depreciation and amortisation on investment property, property & equipment and 
software & other intangible assets. 
15. Disbursements of loans: Loan disbursements for the period/year, not considering rollover of 
working capital repaid and increase of unused credit limits. 
16. Discontinued Operations, Non controlling interest and other: Includes PAT from discontinued 
operations, non-controlling interest, as well as the LEPETE charge, VES and restructuring costs 
and other one off costs, non recurring taxes, as well as the Frontier provision release 
17. Domestic banking activities: Refers to banking business in Greece and includes retail, corporate 
and investment banking. Group’s domestic operations includes Ethniki Leasing S.A (Ethniki 
Leasing) and Ethniki Factors S.A. (Ethniki Factors). 
18.  Forborne: Exposures for which forbearance measures have been extended according to EBA 
ITS technical standards on Forbearance and Non-Performing Exposures 
19. Forborne Non-Performing Exposures (FNPEs): Exposures with forbearance measures that meet 
the criteria to be considered as non performing according to EBA ITS technical standards on 
Forbearance and Non-Performing Exposures. 
20. Forborne Performing Exposures (FPEs): Exposures with forbearance measures that do not 
meet the criteria to be considered as non performing according to EBA ITS technical standards 
on Forbearance and Non-Performing Exposures and forborne exposures under probation period. 
21. Funding cost: The weighted average cost of deposits, ECB refinancing, repo transactions, 
covered bonds and securitization transactions. 
22.  Gross loans: Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost before Expected Credit Loss 
(ECL) allowance and loans and advances to customers mandatorily measured at FVTPL. 
23. Held for Sale: Non-current assets held for sale. 
24. Interest earning assets: Interest earning assets include all assets with interest earning potentials 
and includes cash and balances with central banks, due from banks, financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss (excluding Equity securities and mutual funds units), loans and advances 
to customers and investment securities (excluding equity securities and mutual funds units). 
25. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR): The LCR refers to the liquidity buffer of High Quality Liquid 
Assets (HQLAs) that a Financial Institution holds, in order to withstand net liquidity outflows 
over a 30 calendar-day stressed period as per Regulation (EU) 2015/61. 
26. Loans-to-Deposits Ratio: Loans and advances to customers over due to customers, at the end of 
the period, excluding the short term reverse repo facility of €3.2 billion as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
27. Loan Impairments: Impairment charge for ECL, excluding for 2021 the positive impact of €0.2 
billion from Project “Frontier”. 
28. Net loans: Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost after ECL allowance and loans 
and advances to customers mandatorily measured at FVTPL. 
29. Net Interest Margin: Net interest income over average interest earning assets. Net Interest 
Margin equals net interest income divided by the average of interest earning assets (the average 
of interest earning assets at the end of the current period/year and the end of the previous 
period/year and all quarter ends in between (5 periods) for the period/year end). 
30. Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR): The NSFR refers to the portion of liabilities and capital 
expected to be sustainable over the time horizon considered by the NSFR over the amount of 
stable funding that must be allocated to the various assets, based on their liquidity 
characteristics and residual maturities. 
31. Net trading income/ (loss), Net other income/ (loss) and Share of profit / (loss) of equity method 
investments: Net trading income / (loss) and results from investment securities (“trading 
income/(loss)”) + Gains / (losses) arising from the derecognition of financial assets measured at 
amortised cost + Net other income / (expense) (“other income / (expense)”) + Share of profit / 
(loss) of equity method investments, excluding the gain from the sale of 51.00% of NBG Pay 
S.M.S.A. More specifically, for the year ended 31 December 2022, net other income excludes 
the gain from the sale of 51.00% of NBG PAY S.M.S.A. of €297 million.  
32. Non-Performing Exposures (NPE) ratio: NPEs divided by loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost before ECL allowance and loans and advances to customers at FVTPL at the end 
of the period/year, excluding the short term reverse repo facility of €3.2 billion as at 31 
December 2022.  
The Group defines NPEs, according to EBA ITS Technical Standards on Forbearance and Non-
Performing Exposures, as exposures that satisfy either or both of the following criteria: 
1. 
material exposures which are more than 90 days past due; and 
2. 
the debtor is assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of 
collateral, regardless of the existence of any past due amount or of the number of days past 
due. 
33. NPE Coverage Ratio: ECL allowance for loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 
divided by NPEs, excluding loans and advances to customers mandatorily measured at FVTPL, 
at period/year end. 
34. NPE formation: Net increase / (decrease) of NPEs, before write-offs. 
35. NPE Organic Formation: NPE balance change, excluding sales and write-offs. 
36. Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) ratio or 90 days past due ratio: Loans and advances to 
customers at amortised cost in arrears for 90 days or more divided by total loans and advances 
to customers at amortised cost before Expected Credit Loss (ECL) allowance for impairment at 
the end of the period. 
37. Operating Expenses: Personnel expenses + General, administrative and other operating 
expenses (“G&As”) + Depreciation and amortisation on investment property, property & 
equipment and software and other intangible assets, excluding the additional social security 
contribution for LEPETE to e-EFKA and other one-off costs. More specifically, for the year

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
ended 31 December 2022, operating expenses exclude personnel expenses of €35 million 
related to defined contributions to LEPETE and other one-off costs of €15 million. For the year 
ended 31 December 2021, operating expenses exclude personnel expenses of €35 million 
related to defined contributions for LEPETE to e-EFKA and other one off-costs of €97 million. 
38. Operating Profit / (Loss): Total income less operating expenses and loan impairments. 
39. Other impairments: Impairment charge for securities and Other provisions and impairment 
charges. 
40. Pre-Provision Income: Total income less operating expenses, before loan impairments. 
41. Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs): Assets and off-balance-sheet exposures, weighted according to 
risk factors based on Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
42. Staff Costs/ Personnel expenses: Personnel expenses excluding the additional social security 
contribution for LEPETE to e-EFKA and one-off costs. More specifically, for the year ended 31 
December 2022, personnel expenses exclude defined contributions to LEPETE of €35 million 
and other one-off costs of €7 million. More specifically, for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
operating expenses exclude personnel expenses of €35 million related to defined contributions 
to LEPETE and other one-off costs of €76 million. 
43. Tangible Equity / Book Value: Equity attributable to NBG shareholders less goodwill, software 
and other intangible assets. 
44. Taxes: Refers to tax benefit / (expense) excluding one-off taxes of amount €106 million. 
45. Total Capital Ratio: Total capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, with the application of 
the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
46. Total Income: Refers to Net interest income, Net fee and commission income, Net trading 
income / (loss) and results from investment securities, Gains / (losses) arising from the 
derecognition of financial assets measured at amortised cost, Net other income / (expense) and 
Share of profit / (loss) of equity method investments, excluding the gain from the sale of 
51.00% of NBG Pay S.M.S.A. More specifically, for the year ended 31 December 2022, net 
other income excludes the gain from the sale of 51.00% of NBG PAY S.M.S.A. of €297 
million. 
Investors should be aware that:  
 
these financial measures are not recognised as a measure of performance under IFRS; and 
 
they are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and 
operations but are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer, nor are they 
meant to be predictive of future results.  
 
Furthermore, since companies do not all calculate these measures in an identical manner, the 
Group’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. 
Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed on any such data. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or 
Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot such Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is 
no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation or over allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. Such statements in this Base Prospectus 
include, but are not limited to, statements made under “Risk Factors”, “The Issuer” and “Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece”. Such statements can be generally identified by the use of terms 
such as “believes”, “expects”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”, “could”, “plans”, “anticipates” and 
comparable terms, including the negatives of such terms. By their nature, forward-looking statements 
involve risk and uncertainty, and the factors described in the context of such forward-looking 
statements in this Base Prospectus could cause actual results and developments to differ materially 
from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Issuer has based these 
forward-looking statements on their management's current expectations and projections about future 
events. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the 
Group, including, among other things: 
 
Recessionary pressure and uncertainty resulting from the Hellenic Republic’s economic crisis; 
 
Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted 
period and legacy effects from the economic crisis may impose further constraints on 
economic activity in Greece; 
 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its 
longterm competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of 
reforms may not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue 
of the Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved; 
 
Domestic political uncertainty has weighed on financial and economic conditions in the 
previous years and there can be no assurances that political uncertainty could not arise in the 
future, thus having a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects; 
 
If additional European Central Bank (“ECB”) or Emergency Liquidity Assistance (“ELA”) 
funding is needed in the future it will be subject to ECB rules relating to the eligibility and 
valuation of collateral used for funding such as Greek government bonds; 
 
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition and may limit the Group’s ability to post collateral for Eurosystem 
funding purposes; 
 
High outflows of funds from customer deposits could cause an increase in the Group’s costs of 
funding;

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
The sufficiency of the Issuer’s level of capital if economic conditions in Greece do not 
improve or if they deteriorate further; 
 
The Group’s need for additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes; 
 
The Issuer’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively 
affected by, and there may be further material adverse consequences of, any future downgrades 
of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating; 
 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic; 
 
Continuing recognition of the main part of deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) as regulatory capital 
or as an asset; 
 
The Issuer’s ability to continue as a “going concern”; 
 
Constraints to the Issuer’s operational autonomy as a recipient of State Aid; 
 
The ability of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (“HFSF”), as shareholder, to exercise 
significant influence over the Group’s operations; 
 
The high level of NPEs has had and may continue to have in the future a negative impact on 
the Group’s operations; 
 
The Group’s loan portfolio may continue to contract; 
 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets; 
 
Market fluctuations and volatility which affect the Group’s trading and investment activities; 
 
Volatility in interest rates which may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income; 
 
Competition from Greek and foreign banks; 
 
The loss of senior management and the inability to recruit or retain experienced and/or 
qualified personnel; 
 
Fraud and illegal activities of any form; 
 
Future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities; 
 
The Issuer’s assumptions, judgments and estimates may change over time or may not be 
accurate, impacting the value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value; 
 
Credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk; 
 
Risk that economic hedging may not prevent losses; 
 
Increasing risk of continually evolving cyber security or other technological risks; 
 
Increasingly complex regulation which may increase the Group’s compliance costs and capital 
requirements;

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and 
may result in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for 
the resolution of the Group; 
 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (“MREL”) 
under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, the 
“BRRD”) may affect the Group’s profitability; 
 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by 
individuals and regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various South Eastern 
Europe (“SEE”) countries may limit the Group’s ability to receive payments on past due loans, 
and anticipated changes to such laws may not have the desired effect; and 
 
other factors described under “Risk Factors”.  
The Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties 
and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus might not occur. Any 
statements regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends 
or activities will continue in the future. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such 
forward-looking statements, which are based on facts known only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 15 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 48 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................................... 109 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................ 112 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................................................... 150 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 153 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................. 167 
OVERVIEW OF THE GREEK COVERED BOND LEGISLATION ............................................................ 168 
THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................................................... 175 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................ 184 
RISK MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................................... 224 
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................ 238 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE ................................................................. 252 
THE MORTGAGE AND HOUSING MARKET IN GREECE ...................................................................... 286 
DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS .......................................................................................... 297 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 316 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................ 320 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 325

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any 
relevant Dealer may agree that Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus will 
be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this summary. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
Issuer 
National Bank of Greece S.A. (“NBG” or the “Issuer”). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
5UMCZOEYKCVFAW8ZLO05 
(LEI) 
Arranger 
NBG (the “Arranger”). 
Dealer 
NBG or any other dealers appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Servicer 
NBG (in its capacity as the servicer and, together with any 
replacement servicer appointed pursuant to the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed from time to time, the “Servicer”) 
will service the Loans and Related Security in the Cover Pool 
pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The Servicer shall also undertake certain notification and 
reporting services together with account handling services in 
relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of 
the Transaction Account and cash management activities (the 
“Servicing and Cash Management Activities”) in accordance 
with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation, including the calculation of the 
Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test. See “Servicing and 
Collection Procedure” below. 
Asset Monitor 
A 
reputable 
independent 
institution 
of 
auditors 
and 
accountants, not being the auditors of the Issuer for the time 
being, appointed pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement in 
accordance with Article 15 of the Covered Bond Law as an 
independent monitor to act a cover pool monitor in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Law and to carry out various testing 
and notification duties in respect of (i) the Statutory Tests when 
required in accordance with the requirements of the Bank of 
Greece and (ii) the Amortisation Test when required in 
accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The initial Asset Monitor will be Ernst & Young (Hellas) 
Certified Auditors-Accountants S.A., acting through its office

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
at 8B Chimarras str., Maroussi 151 25 Athens, Greece (the 
“Asset Monitor”).  
Account Bank 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch acting through its office at 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf London E14 
5LB has agreed to act as account bank (the “Account Bank”) 
pursuant to the Bank Account Agreement.  
In the event that the Account Bank ceases to be an Eligible 
Institution, the Servicer will be obliged to transfer the 
Transaction Account to a credit institution with the appropriate 
minimum ratings. 
Eligible Institution 
means any bank whose short term, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by 
Moody’s (or such other ratings that may be agreed by the 
Rating Agencies from time to time), provided always that such 
ratings are sufficient for deposits in the Transaction Account to 
comply with Article 129(1)(c) of the CRR.  
Principal Paying Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the “Principal Paying 
Agent” and, together with any agent appointed from time to 
time under the Agency Agreement, the “Paying Agents”). The 
Principal Paying Agent will act as such pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. 
Trustee 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch acting through its office at 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB (the “Trustee”) has been appointed to act as bond trustee 
for the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and will also act as security trustee to hold the benefit of all 
security granted by the Issuer (on trust for itself, the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors) under the Deed 
of Charge and the Statutory Pledge granted pursuant to the 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation. See “Security for the 
Covered Bonds” below. 
Hedging Counterparties 
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into Hedging 
Agreements with various swap providers to hedge certain 
currency and/or other risks (each a Covered Bond Swap 
Provider) and interest risks (each an Interest Rate Swap 
Provider and, together with the Covered Bond Swap 
Providers, the Hedging Counterparties) associated with the 
Covered Bonds. The Hedging Counterparties will act as such 
pursuant to the relevant Hedging Agreements (as defined 
herein). Each Hedging Counterparty will be required to 
satisfy the conditions under article 13 of the Covered Bond 
Law and under Section F of Chapter III of the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation. 
Custodian 
A custodian (the “Custodian”) to be appointed at such time 
as a custody agreement is entered into.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Listing Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg acting through its offices 
at 69, route d’Esch, L-2953 Luxembourg (the “Luxembourg 
Listing Agent”). 
Rating Agencies 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited for so long as and to the 
extent that it provides a rating in respect of any Covered 
Bonds, and any additional rating agency which may be 
appointed under the Programme from time to time to provide 
ratings for a specific issue of Covered Bonds or on an ongoing 
basis (the “Rating Agencies” and each a “Rating Agency”). 
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION 
Description 
NBG €10 billion Global Covered Bond Programme. 
Programme Amount 
Up to €10 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies 
determined as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time as described herein. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms 
from each other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of such Series. Save in respect of the 
first issue of Covered Bonds, Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of 
Covered Bonds or have different terms from an existing Series 
of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new 
Series). The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior 
consent of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Condition 15 
(Further Issues). See “Conditions Precedent to the Issuance of 
a new series of Covered Bonds” below. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds 
together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective 
Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Final Terms 
Final terms (the “Final Terms”) will be issued and published 
in accordance with the terms and conditions set out herein 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (the 
“Conditions”) prior to the issue of each Series or Tranche 
detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes 
of that Series only, complete the Conditions and the Base 
Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the Conditions 
and the Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Series are the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Conditions 
Precedent 
to 
the 
Issuance of a new Series or 
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds that (i) there is no Issuer Event

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Tranche of Covered Bonds 
outstanding and that such issuance would not cause an Issuer 
Event, (ii) such issuance would not result in a breach of any of 
the Statutory Tests, (iii) the Rating Agencies, to the extent 
they are rating any Covered Bonds at that time, have been 
notified of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been notified 
to the Bank of Greece in accordance with Article 20(4) of the 
Covered Bond Law and (v) if applicable, in respect of any 
Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
Proceeds of the Issue of Covered 
Bonds 
The gross proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be 
used by the Issuer to fund its general corporate purposes. 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form, see 
“Form of the Covered Bonds”. 
Issue Dates 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (each, the “Issue Date” in relation to such 
Series or Tranche). 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Denominations 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and set out in the applicable Final Terms save that, except in 
certain limited circumstances, the minimum denomination of 
each Covered Bond will be at least €100,000 (or, if the 
Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, 
at least the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other 
higher amount as is required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Redenomination 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered 
Bonds may 
be 
redenominated in 
Euro. 
If so, the 
redenomination provisions will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered 
Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds”), which will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered 
Bonds bear interest at a floating rate (“Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds”). Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a 
rate determined:

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s); or 
(d) 
by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(h), 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Other Provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a Maximum Rate 
of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest or both (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms). Interest on Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds  
The Final Terms may provide that Covered Bonds, bearing no 
interest (“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds”), may be offered and 
sold at a discount to their nominal amount. 
Ranking of the Covered Bonds 
All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and rateably 
without any preference or priority among themselves, 
irrespective of their Series, for all purposes except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
Taxation 
All payments (if any) of principal, interest and other 
proceeds (if any) on the Covered Bonds will be made free and 
clear of any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
taxes, unless the Issuer or any intermediary that intervenes in 
the collection of interest and other proceeds on the Covered 
Bonds is required by applicable law to make such a 
withholding or deduction. In the event that such withholding, or 
deduction is required by law, the Issuer will not be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds are covered bonds that could be 
eligible 
for 
the 
label 
“European 
Covered 
Bond 
(Premium)” (in Greek “ΕυρωπαϊκόΚαλυμμένοΟμόλογο 
(ΑνωτέραςΠοιότητας)” subject to the final assessment of 
the program by the Bank of Greece, certifying the label, 
and are issued on an unconditional basis and in accordance

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
with articles 1-33 of Law 4920/2022 (published in the 
Government Gazette No 74/A/15.04. 2022), (the “Covered 
Bond Law”) and the decision nr. 215/1/03.02.2023 of the 
Executive Committee of Bank of Greece issued pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Law (the “Secondary Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation” and, together with the Covered Bond Law, the 
“Greek Covered Bond Legislation”). The Covered Bonds are 
backed by assets forming the Cover Pool of the Issuer and to 
the extent such assets are governed by Greek law, have the 
benefit of a statutory pledge established pursuant to 
Article14(2) of the Covered Bond Law (the “Statutory 
Pledge”) by virtue of registration statement(s) filed with the 
Athens Pledge Registry (each a “Registration Statement”) 
pursuant to Article 14(4) of the Covered Bond Law. The form 
of the Registration Statement is defined in Ministerial Decree 
No 95630/8-9-2008 (published in the Government Gazette No 
1858/B/12-9-2008) of the Minister of Justice. See also 
“Overview of Greek Covered Bond Legislation” below.  
Payments on the Covered Bonds  
Payments on the Covered Bonds will be direct and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer. Prior to an Issuer Event 
on each Cover Pool Payment Date the Issuer will apply any 
funds available to it (including, but not limited to, funds arising 
in relation to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool) to pay all 
items which are listed in the Post Issuer Event Priority of 
Payments. After the occurrence of an Issuer Event on each 
Cover Pool Payment Date, the Servicer will apply the Covered 
Bonds Available Funds in accordance with the relevant Priority 
of Payments. 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default 
and the delivery of a Notice of Default, on any Athens 
Business Day, all funds deriving from the Cover Pool Assets 
and the Transaction Documents will be applied in 
accordance with the Post-Cover Pool Event of Default 
Priority of Payments. 
Security for the Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, by 
virtue of the Transaction Documents and pursuant to any 
Registration Statement, the Cover Pool and all cashflows 
derived therefrom (including any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Collection Account) will be available both prior to and 
following a winding up of the Issuer, to satisfy the obligations 
of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors in priority to the Issuer’s obligations to any other 
creditors, until the repayment in full of the Covered Bonds.  
In accordance with the Deed of Charge, security will be created 
for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Creditors 
in respect of the Hedging Agreements and any other 
Transaction Documents governed by English law. 
“Secured Creditors” means the Covered Bondholders, the 
Couponholders, the Trustee, any Receiver, the Asset Monitor, 
the Account Bank, the Agents, the Servicer, the Hedging 
Counterparties and any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
any Transaction Document entered into in the course of the 
Programme having recourse to the Cover Pool (provided that 
where NBG performs any of the above roles, NBG will not be a 
Secured Creditor). 
“Receiver” means any person or persons appointed (and any 
additional person or persons appointed or substituted) as an 
administrative receiver, receiver, manager, or receiver and 
manager of the Charged Property by the Trustee pursuant to the 
Deed of Charge. 
“Charged Property” means the property, assets and 
undertakings charged by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 3 of the 
Deed of Charge together, where applicable, the property 
pledged pursuant to the Statutory Pledge. 
Cross-collateralisation  
and Recourse  
By operation of the Covered Bond Law and in accordance with 
the Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool Assets shall form a 
single portfolio, irrespective of the date of assignment to the 
Cover Pool and shall be held for the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors irrespective of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series. The Covered Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors shall have recourse to the 
Cover Pool. 
The Cover Pool Assets may not be seized or attached in any 
form by creditors of the Issuer other than by the Trustee on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors.  
In order to ensure that the Cover Pool is, at any time, sufficient 
to meet the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall be obliged, within certain 
limits and upon certain conditions, to effect certain changes to 
the Cover Pool Assets comprising the Cover Pool. See 
“Optional Changes to the Cover Pool” below. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series may be issued at par or at a 
premium or discount to par on a fully-paid basis (in each case, 
the “Issue Price” for such Series or Tranche) as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. 
Interest Payment Dates 
In relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the meaning 
given in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be). 
Cover Pool Payment Date 
The 20th day of each month and if such day is not an Athens 
Business Day the first Athens Business Day thereafter (the 
“Cover Pool Payment Date”). 
“Athens Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Athens. 
Final maturity and extendable The final maturity date for each Series (the “Final Maturity

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
obligations under the Covered 
Bonds 
Date”) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Unless specified 
otherwise in the Final Terms or previously redeemed as 
provided in the Conditions, the Covered Bonds of each Series 
will be redeemed at the Final Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Final Maturity Date. 
If the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable Final 
Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then (subject as 
provided below) payment of any unpaid Final Redemption 
Amount by the Issuer shall be automatically deferred until the 
Extended Final Maturity Date and the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds shall become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, 
provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on such Series of Pass-
Through Covered Bonds after the Final Maturity Date shall be 
paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date.  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event and breach of the 
Amortisation Test all Series of Covered Bonds become Pass-
Through Covered Bonds ("Pass-Through Covered Bonds") 
and the Issuer shall redeem all Series of Covered Bonds on 
each Interest Payment Date, in accordance with and subject to 
the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Failure to pay by the Issuer of the Final Redemption Amount 
on any Series of Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date 
shall not constitute a Cover Pool Event of Default for the 
purposes of Condition (a) (but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
such failure to pay shall be deemed to be a payment default 
and, accordingly, constitute an Issuer Event). 
Following service of a Notice of Default, any amount 
outstanding shall bear interest in accordance with Condition 
6.8 (Late Payment). 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme will be assigned a 
rating by the applicable Rating Agency. 
Approval, listing and admission to  
trading  
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made 
and will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme after the date 
hereof to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds may be unlisted or may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, as

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. The Final Terms relating to 
each Tranche of the Covered Bonds will state whether or not 
the Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which regulated markets. 
Clearing Systems  
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear), and/or Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg) in 
relation to any Series of Covered Bonds or any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the European Economic 
Area (including the Hellenic Republic and Luxembourg), the 
United Kingdom and Japan and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Covered bonds. See “Subscription and 
Sale” below. 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation  
The Covered Bonds will be issued pursuant to the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation.  
For further information on the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation, 
see 
“Overview 
of 
Greek 
Covered 
Bond 
Legislation” below. 
Governing law 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Trust Deed, the 
Deed of Charge, the Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Bank Account Agreement, the Programme 
Agreement, each Custody Agreement, each Subscription 
Agreement and each Hedging Agreement will be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Covered Bonds are governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law. The Statutory Pledge referred to 
in Condition 2 (Status of the Covered Bonds), is governed by 
and construed in accordance with Greek law. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL 
Principal source of payments 
under Covered Bonds 
Payments on the Covered Bonds will be direct and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer. 
Prior to an Issuer Event on each Cover Pool Payment Date the 
Issuer will apply any funds available to it (including, but not 
limited to, funds arising in relation to the assets comprised in 
the Cover Pool) to pay all items in the Post Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments. 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event on each Cover Pool 
Payment Date, the Servicer will apply the Covered Bonds 
Available Funds in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
The Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Issuer 
will be entitled to create the Statutory Pledge over:

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
(a) 
certain eligible assets set out in Article 129 of Regulation 
575/2013 (the “Capital Requirements Regulation” or 
“CRR”), as amended and in force, pursuant to Article 8 of 
the Covered Bond Law, including, but not limited to, 
claims deriving from Loans (including Subsidised Loans) 
and their Related Security;  
(b) 
derivative financial instruments limited to the Hedging 
Agreements satisfying the requirements of Article 13 of 
the Covered Bond Law, as this is supplemented by 
Section F of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation; 
(c) 
deposits with credit institutions (including any cash flows 
deriving therefrom) provided that such deposits comply 
with Article 8 of the Covered Bond Law, as supplemented 
by Chapter III, Section A of the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation (including the Transaction Account (and 
therefore the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) but 
excluding the Collection Account);  
(d) 
Liquid Assets; and 
(e) 
Marketable Assets,   
which the Issuer, by virtue of Registration Statements, has 
created a Statutory Pledge over in accordance with the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation; 
By virtue of the Registration Statement(s) filed with the Athens 
Pledge Registry on or prior to the Issue Date for the first Series 
of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall segregate the Cover Pool in 
connection with the issuance of Covered Bonds for the 
satisfaction of the rights of the Covered Bondholders and the 
other Secured Creditors. 
CHANGES TO THE COVER POOL 
Optional changes to the Cover Pool The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration 
Statement so providing, to: 
(a) 
Allocation of Further Assets: allocate to the Cover 
Pool Additional Cover Pool Assets for the purposes 
of issuing further Series of Covered Bonds and/or 
complying 
with 
the 
Statutory 
Tests 
and/or 
maintaining the rating(s) assigned to the Covered 
Bonds provided that, in respect of any New Asset 
Type (A) Moody's (to the extent it is rating any 
Covered Bonds at that time) has provided confirmation 
in writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would 
not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn as a result 
of addition of the New Asset Type to the Cover Pool 
(and in the case of any other Rating Agency (to the 
extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), 
such Rating Agency has been notified of such

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
addition); and (B) the risk weighting of the Covered 
Bonds will not be negatively affected; and  
(b) 
Removal or substitution of Cover Pool Assets: prior to 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event and provided that no 
breach of any Statutory Test has occurred or would 
occur as a result of such removal or substitution (i) 
remove Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or (ii) 
substitute Cover Pool Assets with Additional Cover 
Pool Assets, provided that for any substitution of 
Additional Cover Pool Assets which are New Asset 
Types, Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered 
Bonds at that time) has provided confirmation in 
writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would 
not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn as a result 
of, such substitution (and in the case of any other 
Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered 
Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency has been 
notified of such substitution).  
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the 
Issuer in accordance with the above shall form part of the 
Cover Pool. 
“Additional Cover Pool Assets” means further assets assigned 
to the Cover Pool by the Issuer for the purposes of issuing 
further Series of Covered Bonds and/or complying with the 
Statutory Tests, provided that such assets comply with the 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation. 
“New Asset Type” means a new type of mortgage loan 
originated by the Issuer, which the Issuer intends to assign to 
the Cover Pool as an Additional Cover Pool Asset, the terms 
and conditions of which are materially different (in the opinion 
of the Issuer acting reasonably) from any of the Cover Pool 
Assets in the Cover Pool. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
mortgage loan will not constitute a New Asset Type if it differs 
from any of the Cover Pool Assets in the Cover Pool solely due 
to it having different interest rates and/or interest periods 
and/or time periods for which it is subject to a fixed rate, 
capped rate or any other interest rate or the benefit of any 
discounts, cash-backs and/or rate guarantees. 
“Minimum Credit Rating” means at least Baa3 by Moody's.  
Disposal of the Loan Assets 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is 
continuing, the Servicer shall be obliged to sell in whole or in 
part the Loan Assets in accordance with the provisions of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The proceeds from any 
such sale will be credited to the Transaction Account and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
In certain circumstances the Issuer shall have the right to 
prevent the sale of Loan Assets to third parties by removing the 
Loan Assets made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
transferring within 10 Athens Business Days from the receipt 
of an offer letter, to the Transaction Account, an amount equal 
to the price set forth in such offer letter, subject to the provision 
of a solvency certificate. See “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – The Servicing and Cash Management Deed”. 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default, the 
Trustee shall be entitled to direct the Servicer to dispose of the 
Cover Pool.  
Undertakings of the Issuer  
in respect of the Cover Pool  
Pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Issuer undertakes 
to manage the Cover Pool in the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors and undertakes to 
take any actions required in order to ensure that the servicing of 
the Loan Assets is conducted in accordance with the collection 
policy and recovery procedure applicable to the Issuer. 
Representations and  
Warranties of the Issuer 
Under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer 
has made and will make certain representations and warranties 
regarding itself and the Cover Pool Assets including, inter alia: 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability 
of the obligations assumed by it; 
(iii) 
the existence of the Cover Pool Assets, the absence of 
any lien attaching to the Cover Pool Assets; 
(iv) 
its full, unconditional, legal title to the Cover Pool 
Assets; and 
(v) 
the validity and enforceability against the relevant 
debtors of the obligations from which the Cover Pool 
Assets arise. 
 
Individual Eligibility Criteria 
Each Loan Asset to be included in the Cover Pool shall comply 
with the following criteria (the “Individual Eligibility 
Criteria”): 
(i) 
it is an existing Loan, denominated in euro and is owed 
by Borrowers who are individuals; 
(ii) 
it is governed by Greek law and the terms and 
conditions of such Loan do not provide for the 
jurisdiction of any court outside Greece; 
(iii) 
its nominal value remains a debt, which has not been 
paid or discharged;

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
(iv) 
it is secured by a valid and enforceable first ranking 
Mortgage and/or Pre-Notation over property located in 
Greece that may be used for residential purposes; 
(v) 
notwithstanding (iv) above, if the Mortgage and/or 
Pre-Notation is of lower ranking, (i) the Issuer has 
determined to its satisfaction acting as a prudent 
mortgage lender that there are no actual claims capable 
of being made in connection with such prior ranking 
Mortgages and/or Pre-Notations; or (ii) the Loans that 
rank higher have also been originated by the Issuer (or, 
as applicable, are Loans the legal and beneficial title to 
which are held by the Issuer) and are included in the 
Cover Pool;  
(vi) 
only completed properties secure the Loan; 
(vii) 
(a) in the case of Loans originated by the relevant 
Originators, all lending criteria and preconditions 
applied by the relevant Originator’s credit policy and 
customary lending procedures and the "European Code 
of Conduct on Mortgage Loans" have been satisfied 
with regards to the granting of such Loan and (b) in the 
case of Loans acquired by the Issuer, each loan has 
been administered by the Issuer from the date of 
acquisition according to a level of skill, care and 
diligence of a reasonable, prudent mortgage lender; 
(viii) 
the purpose of such Loan is either to buy, construct or 
renovate a property or refinance a loan granted by 
another bank for one of these purposes; 
(ix) 
it is either a fixed or floating rate Loan or a 
combination of both; 
(x) 
it is not an interest only Loan;  
(xi) 
it is a Loan that is fully disbursed and in relation to 
which there is no obligation or possibility to make 
additional disbursements; and 
(xii) 
on the date on which such Loan is added in the Cover 
Pool, it has a maturity of no longer than the day falling 
4 years before the Extended Final Maturity Date of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
 “Mortgage” means the legal charge, standard security, 
mortgage or charge securing a Loan. 
“Pre-Notation” means a judicial mortgage pre-notation under 
Articles 1274 et seq. of the Greek Civil Code granted in respect 
of a Property. 
“OEK” means the Greek Worker Housing Association.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
“DYPA” means the Public Employment Service, previously 
named the Manpower Employment Organisation (“OAED”), 
which succeeded in full the OEK by virtue of Greek Law 
4144/2013 and other relevant legislation; any references to 
DYPA shall include reference to OEK and/or OAED as 
appropriate. 
“Subsidised Interest Amounts” means the interest subsidy 
amounts, which for the avoidance of doubt shall only be 
denominated in euro, due and payable from the Greek State in 
respect of the State Subsidised Loans and/or from the DYPA in 
respect of the DYPA Subsidised Loans and/or from any other 
Greek State subsidised entity in respect of any other Subsidised 
Loan (as the case may be). 
“Subsidised Loan” means either the DYPA Subsidised Loans, 
the State Subsidised Loans or the State/DYPA Subsidised Loan 
or loans subsidised by any additional Greek State subsidised or 
owned entity, which for the avoidance of doubt are only 
denominated in euro. 
“DYPA Subsidised Loans” means those Loans, which for the 
avoidance of doubt are only denominated in euro, in respect of 
which the DYPA makes payment of Subsidised Interest 
Amounts pursuant to the applicable laws and the DYPA 
Framework Agreement. 
“State/DYPA Subsidised Loans” means those Loans, which 
for the avoidance of doubt are only denominated in euro, which 
are both State Subsidised Loans and DYPA Subsidised Loans. 
“State Subsidised Loans” means those Loans, which for the 
avoidance of doubt are only denominated in euro, in respect of 
which the Hellenic Republic makes payment of Subsidised 
Interest Amounts pursuant to all applicable laws. 
Monitoring of the Cover Pool 
Prior to an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall verify that the Cover 
Pool satisfies the following aggregate criteria: 
(i) 
the Cover Pool satisfies the Nominal Value Test; 
(ii) 
the Cover Pool satisfies the Net Present Value Test; and 
(iii) 
the Cover Pool satisfies the Interest Cover Test, 
(collectively, the “Statutory Tests” and each a 
“Statutory Test”). 
The Servicer shall provide such verifications on each 
Applicable Calculation Date. 
“Applicable Calculation Date”  means, in respect of the 
Nominal Value Test, Net Present Value Test and the Interest 
Cover Test, each Calculation Date which falls in January, 
April, July and October of each year.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Statutory Tests 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Cover 
Pool is subject to the Statutory Tests as set out in the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. Failure of the Issuer to 
cure a breach of any one of the Statutory Tests within two 
Athens Business Days will result in the Issuer not being able to 
issue further Covered Bonds. The Statutory Tests will include 
the following: 
(a) 
The Nominal Value Test: On each Applicable 
Calculation Date prior to an Issuer Event which is 
continuing, the Issuer must ensure that, as at the last 
calendar day of the calendar month immediately 
preceding such Applicable Calculation Date, the 
Nominal Value of the Cover Pool exceeds the Euro 
Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of all 
Series of Covered Bonds by the Minimum OC 
Percentage (or such higher percentage which the Issuer 
may determine in accordance with the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed). In order to assess 
compliance with this test, all of the assets comprising 
the Cover Pool shall be evaluated at their nominal 
value, with the exception of any Hedging Agreement 
which shall instead be evaluated at its mark to market 
value. 
“Nominal Value of the Cover Pool” has the meaning 
given to it in Clause 7.1 (Nominal Value Test) of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
“Marketable Assets” has the meaning given to that 
term in the Act of the Monetary Policy Council of the 
Bank of Greece No. 96/22.4.2015, as in force and 
amended from time to time, and which comply with 
the requirements for Eligible Investments, are allowed 
to be included in the Cover Pool only for the purposes 
of overcollateralisation and will be included in 
assessing compliance with the Statutory Tests.  
(b) 
The Net Present Value Test: On each Applicable 
Calculation Date prior to an Issuer Event which is 
continuing, the Issuer must ensure that, as at the last 
calendar day of the calendar month immediately 
preceding such Applicable Calculation Date, the net 
present value of the Covered Bond Liabilities is less 
than or equal to the Net Present Value of the Cover 
Pool, including the Interest Rate Swap and Covered 
Bond Swap. 
The Net Present Value Test must also be satisfied 
under the assumption of parallel shifts of the yield 
curve by 200 basis points. 
In addition, on Applicable Calculation Date, the 
Servicer shall determine whether, as at the last calendar 
day of the calendar month immediately preceding such

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Calculation Date, the limits set forth in Article 129 
paragraph 1, lett. 1a, lett. (a)(b)(c) and (d) and Section 
H of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation are 
complied with in the calculation of the net present 
value of the Interest Rate Swap, the Covered Bond 
Swaps and the Transaction Account (if not held with 
the Issuer).  
(c) 
The Interest Cover Test: On each Applicable 
Calculation Date prior to an Issuer Event which is 
continuing, the Issuer must ensure that, as at the last 
calendar day of the calendar month immediately 
preceding such Applicable Calculation Date, the 
amount of interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds 
does not exceed the amount of interest expected to be 
received (including, in respect of Subsidised Loan, for 
these purposes any Subsidised Interest Amounts that 
are expected to be received during such period but 
excluding any amounts from Borrowers which 
represent the cost to the Issuer of the Levy in respect of 
such Loan) in respect of the assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool (including the Interest Rate Swap and the 
Covered Bond Swaps) and the Marketable Assets and 
Liquid Assets which are to be included for the purpose 
of valuation in accordance with Article 17 of the 
Covered Bond Law and Chapter III (G) of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, in each case 
during the period of 12 months from such Applicable 
Calculation Date. 
“Calculation Date” means five Athens Business Days 
prior to each Cover Pool Payment Date. 
“Eligible Investments” means any Marketable Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets denominated in Euro, provided 
that, in all cases:  
(a) 
such investments are immediately repayable 
on demand, disposable without penalty or have 
a maturity date falling on or before the next 
Cover Pool Payment Date;  
(b) 
such investments provide a fixed principal 
amount at maturity (such amount not being 
lower than the initially invested amount); and  
(c) 
each of the debt securities or other debt 
instruments and the issuing entity or (in the 
case of debt securities or other debt 
instruments 
which 
are 
fully 
and 
unconditionally 
guaranteed 
on 
an 
unsubordinated basis) the guaranteeing entity 
are rated at least:

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
(A) 
A2 and P-1 by Moody's, with regards 
to investments having a maturity of up 
to 365 days where such investments 
are given both a short-term and a long-
term rating by the relevant Rating 
Agency; or 
(B) 
P-1 by Moody's with regards to 
investments having a maturity of up to 
365 days where such investments are 
given a short-term rating but not a 
long-term rating by the relevant Rating 
Agency, 
provided that if the then outstanding 
Covered Bonds are rated Ba1 or lower 
by Moody's or BB(H): 
(1) 
P-1 by Moody's with regards to 
investments having a maturity 
of up to 365 days where such 
investments carry both short 
term and long term ratings; and 
(2) 
P-1 by Moody's with regards to 
investments having a maturity 
of up to 365 days where such 
investment, are given a short-
term rating but not a long-term 
rating by the relevant Rating 
Agency; or  
(d) 
each of the debt securities or other debt 
instruments is issued by a money market fund 
or variable net asset value fund, in each case 
having a money market fund rating from  
Moody's 
that 
would 
comply 
with 
the 
requirement I(c)(i) above.  
For the purposes of calculating the Interest Cover Test set out 
above, each Loan will be deemed to have an outstanding 
principal balance of and bear interest on an amount equal to the 
lower of: 
a) the Euro Equivalent of the actual Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Loan in the Cover Pool as 
calculated on the relevant Applicable Calculation Date; 
 
b) the Euro Equivalent of the latest of either the physical 
valuation or the Prop Index Valuation relating to that 
Loan multiplied by 0.80, less the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of any first-ranking Loan if such Loan is a

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
second-ranking Loan, provided that such Loan can 
never be given a value of less than zero; and 
 
c) if a default is considered to have occurred pursuant to 
article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and in any 
case if a relevant Loan is in arrear of more than 90 
days, zero, 
 
d) and each Loan shall be deemed to bear interest on the 
lower of the amounts calculated in (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above. 
In addition, in calculating such tests, all Loans that do not 
comply with the representations and warranties during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period, shall be given a 
zero value. 
“Levy” means the levy payable under Greek law 128/1975, as 
amended and in force. 
“Prop Index Valuation” means the index of movements in 
house prices issued by Prop Index SA in relation to residential 
properties in Greece. 
Breach of Statutory Tests 
If on an Applicable Calculation Date any one or more of the 
Statutory Tests being tested on such Applicable Calculation 
Date are not satisfied, the Issuer must take immediate action to 
cure any breach(es) of the relevant Statutory Tests. 
The Servicer or (where NBG is not the Servicer) the Issuer, as 
the case may be will immediately notify in writing the Trustee 
of any breach of any of the Statutory Tests. 
In the event that the Issuer breaches any Statutory Test (and 
such breach is not remedied within two Athens Business 
Days) the Issuer will not be permitted to issue any further 
Covered Bonds until such time as such Statutory Test breach 
has been cured. 
Verification of calculation of  
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required  
Amount 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, on each 
Cover Pool Payment Date, an amount equal to the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Required Amount (less the nominal value of 
any Liquid Assets purchased from amounts standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve which have not matured 
on or prior to such date) (the “Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Withdrawal Amount”) will be debited from the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Ledger and applied as Covered Bonds 
Available Funds.  
 
In accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset 
Monitor will verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the Servicer in relation to the relevant Statutory 
Test on the First Issue Date and the Statutory Tests and the 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
“Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount” means 
maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow of the Programme 
over the next one hundred eighty (180) days following such 
Calculation Date, provided that for the purposes of calculating 
the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflows, the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (where 
applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
 
Amortisation Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests, pursuant to the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed the Servicer shall determine, 
Calculation Date following an Issuer Event which is 
continuing, whether the Nominal value of the Cover Pool 
exceeds an amount equal to the Euro Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of 
Covered Bonds plus senior expenses that rank in priority or 
pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds, by the 
Minimum OC Percentage (the “Amortisation Test”). The 
Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that the Cover Pool 
Assets are sufficient to meet the obligations under all Covered 
Bonds outstanding together with senior expenses that rank in 
priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event and breach of the 
Amortisation Test, all Cover Pool Available Funds will be 
applied to repay all Series of Covered Bonds subject to and in 
accordance with the relavant Priority of Payments. 
The Servicer will immediately notify in writing the Trustee of 
any breach of the Amortisation Test.  
Amendment to definitions 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed will provide 
that the definitions of Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, 
Individual Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and Amortisation 
Test may be amended by the Issuer from time to time without 
the consent of the Trustee as a consequence of the inclusion in 
the Cover Pool of a New Asset Type and/or changes to the 
hedging policies or servicing and collection procedures of the 
Issuer and/or as a result of any updates, amendments or 
supplements to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, provided 
that Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at 
that time) has provided confirmation in writing that the ratings 
on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or 
withdrawn as a result of such amendment, and in the case of 
any other Rating Agencies (to the extent it is rating any 
Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency has been 
notified of such amendment 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents – The 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed – Amendment to 
Definitions”.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Issuer Events 
Prior to the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default, if any 
of the following events (each, an Issuer Event) occurs and is 
continuing:  
(i) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event (as defined below) (except, 
for the avoidance of doubt, that the occurrence of any 
event specified under paragraph (f) of such definition 
shall not give rise to an Issuer Event);  
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay any principal or interest in respect 
of any Series of Covered Bonds within a period of 
seven Athens Business Days from the due date thereof; 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of any Series of Covered Bonds on the Final 
Maturity Date (notwithstanding that the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds has an Extended Final Maturity 
Date); 
(iv) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or 
observance of any obligation, condition or provision 
binding on it (other than any obligation for the payment 
of amounts due under the Covered Bonds or Coupons of 
any Series) under the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge or 
any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a 
party which, in the opinion of the Trustee would have a 
materially prejudicial effect on the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series and (except where 
such default is or the effects of such default are, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, not capable of remedy when no 
such continuation and notice as is hereinafter mentioned 
will be required) such default continues for 30 days (or 
such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after 
written notice has been given by the Trustee to the 
Issuer requiring the default to be remedied; 
(v) 
any present or future Indebtedness in respect of moneys 
borrowed or raised in an amount of €10,000,000 or 
more (other than Indebtedness under this Programme) 
of the Issuer becomes due and payable prior to the 
stated maturity thereof as extended by any grace period 
originally applicable thereto; or if any present or future 
guarantee of, or indemnity given by the Issuer in respect 
of such Indebtedness is not honoured when called upon 
or within any grace period originally applicable thereto; 
or 
(vi) 
if there is a breach of a Statutory Test on an Applicable 
Calculation Date and such breach is not remedied 
within two Athens Business Days, 
then (i) no further Covered Bonds will be issued, (ii) the 
Servicer will procure that any and all payments due under the 
Cover Pool Assets effected on the Collection Account are 
transferred henceforth directly to the Transaction Account

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
pursuant to the provisions of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, (iii) all collections of principal and interest 
on the Cover Pool Assets will be dedicated exclusively to the 
payment of interest and repayment of principal on the Covered 
Bonds and to the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer vis-
à-vis the Secured Creditors in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Event Priority of Payments and (iv) if NBG is the Servicer, its 
appointment as Servicer will be terminated and a new servicer 
will be appointed pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed and the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation. 
“Indebtedness” means all indebtedness in respect of moneys 
borrowed on the capital markets. 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means, in respect of NBG:  
a) 
NBG stops payment of part or all of its debts; 
b) 
NBG having resolved to enter into voluntary 
liquidation, other than in respect of reconstruction, 
merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders or which has been effected in 
compliance with Condition 17 (Substitution of the 
Issuer); 
c) 
NBG admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its 
debts; 
d) 
NBG is forced to enter into liquidation pursuant to 
Greek law, other than in respect of reconstruction, 
merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders or which has been effected in 
compliance with Condition 17 (Substitution of the 
Issuer); 
e) 
a receiver, trustee or other similar official is appointed 
in relation to the Issuer or in relation to all or a 
substantial part of the assets of the Issuer, or an interim 
supervisor 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
appointed 
or 
an 
encumbrancer takes possession of all or a substantial 
part of the assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution 
or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued out 
against the whole or a substantial part of the assets of 
the Issuer and in any of the foregoing cases such event 
is not discharged within 60 days of the occurrence; 
f) 
notification by the Bank of Greece that the conditions of 
article 32 of the BRR Law apply or the imposition on 
the Issuer of resolution measures in accordance with 
article 37ff of the BRR Law;

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
g) 
a supervisor (Epitropos) of the Issuer is appointed in 
accordance with article 137 of Greek Banking 
Legislation or the Issuer is placed in liquidation in 
accordance with article 145 of the Greek Banking 
Legislation; or 
h) 
any action or step is taken which has a similar effect to 
the foregoing.  
 
Authorised Investments 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the 
Servicer is entitled to draw sums from time to time standing to 
the credit of the Transaction Account for effecting Authorised 
Investments. 
In accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, prior to an Issuer Event, the Servicer may, 
in its discretion, invest sums in Authorised Investments. 
“Authorised Investments” means each of:  
(a) 
Euro denominated demand or time deposits, certificates 
of deposit, long-term debt obligations and short-term 
debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided 
that in all cases such investments are rated at least P-1 
by Moody's (or such other ratings that may be agreed by 
the Rating Agencies from time to time), have a 
remaining period to maturity of 30 days or less and 
mature on or before the next following Cover Pool 
Payment 
Date 
and 
the 
short-term, 
unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of 
the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the entity with 
which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at 
least P-1 by Moody's (or such other ratings that may be 
agreed by the Rating Agencies from time to time); 
(b) 
Euro denominated government and public securities, 
provided that such investments have a remaining period 
to maturity of 30 days or less and mature on or before 
the next following Cover Pool Payment Date and which 
are rated Aaa by Moody’s (or such other ratings that 
may be agreed by the Rating Agencies from time to 
time); and 
(c) 
Euro 
denominated 
residential 
mortgage 
backed 
securities provided that such investments have a 
remaining period to maturity of 30 days or less and 
mature on or before the next following Cover Pool 
Payment Date, are actively traded in a continuous, 
liquid market on a recognised stock exchange, are held 
widely across the financial system, are available in an 
adequate supply and which are rated at least Aaa by

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Moody's (or such other ratings that may be agreed by 
the Rating Agencies from time to time), 
provided that (A) such Authorised Investments (i) shall 
provide a fixed principal amount due at its maturity (such 
amount not being lower than the initially invested amount) and 
shall not include any embedded options (i.e. it shall not be 
callable, putable, or convertible), unless full payment of 
principal is paid in cash upon the exercise of the embedded 
option, (ii) satisfy the requirements for rating levels and 
maturities of Article 129(1)(c) of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 and (iii) satisfy the requirements for 
eligible assets that can collateralise covered bonds under article 
8 of the Covered Bond Law, as this is supplemented by 
Chapter III, Section A of the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation and (B) provided further that such investments may 
not consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of (i) 
credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer 
of credit risk by means of credit derivatives or (ii) asset-backed 
securities, irrespective of their subordination, status or ranking, 
or (iii) swaps, other derivatives instruments, or synthetic 
securities, or (iv) any other instrument from time to time 
specified in the European Central Bank monetary policy 
regulations applicable from time to time as being instruments 
in which funds underlying asset-backed securities eligible as 
collateral for monetary policy operations sponsored by the 
European Central Bank may not be invested. 
Servicing and collection  
procedures 
The Servicer will be responsible for the servicing of the Cover 
Pool, including, inter alia, for the following activities: 
(a) 
collection and recovery in respect of each Cover Pool 
Asset; 
(b) 
administration and management of the Cover Pool; 
(c) 
management of any judicial or extra judicial 
proceeding connected to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
keeping accounting records of the amounts due and 
collected under the Loan Assets and the Hedging 
Agreements; 
(e) 
preparation, upon request of the Issuer, the Trustee or 
the Rating Agencies, of monthly reports (to be 
delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies (in each case if requested) on the amounts 
due by debtors, and on the collections and recoveries 
made in respect of the Loan Assets and Hedging 
Agreements; and  
(f) 
carrying out the reconciliation of the amounts due and 
the amounts effectively paid by the debtors under the 
Loans on the relevant Cover Pool Payment Date.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOW STRUCTURE:  
Collection Account 
Prior to an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Issuer ( or 
the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer) will deposit on a daily 
basis within one Athens Business Day of receipt, all 
collections of interest and principal it receives on the Cover 
Pool Assets and all moneys received from Marketable Assets, 
Liquid Assets and Authorised Investments, if any, included in 
the Cover Pool into a segregated euro-denominated account 
maintained at NBG (the “Collection Account”). NBG will 
not commingle any of its own funds and general assets with 
amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any cash amounts standing to the 
credit of the Collection Account shall not comprise part of the 
Cover Pool for purposes of the Statutory Tests. 
To the extent not otherwise pre-funded by the Servicer, prior 
to the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the 
Servicer shall procure that all Subsidy Payments received 
from the DYPA and/or the Greek State or any other Greek 
State-owned entity in respect of the Subsidised Loans will be 
deducted from the applicable Subsidy Bank Account and 
paid into the Collection Account within three Athens 
Business Days of receipt.  
All amounts deposited in, and standing to the credit of, the 
Collection Account shall constitute segregated property 
distinct from all other property of NBG pursuant to Article 
14 of the Covered Bond Law.  
“Additional Business Centre” has the meaning (if any) given in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
“Subsidy Bank Account” means the DYPA Savings Account, the 
NBG BoG Account and any other bank accounts in the name of 
the DYPA, the Greek State or any other Greek State owned entity 
maintained in respect of the Subsidised Loans with either the 
Bank of Greece, NBG, the Replacement Servicer, or if the 
Replacement Servicer is not a Credit Institution, with the Credit 
Institution appointed by such Replacement Servicer in accordance 
with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, as applicable; 
“Subsidy Payments” means the aggregate of all amounts, which 
for the avoidance of doubt shall only be denominated in euro, 
actually received from the DYPA, the Greek State and any other 
Greek State subsidised entity representing the Subsidised Interest 
Amounts in respect of the Subsidised Loans comprised in the 
Cover Pool. 
“DYPA Savings Account” means the savings bank account in the 
name of the DYPA maintained in respect of the DYPA Subsidised 
Loans with NBG, the Replacement Servicer or, if the Replacement 
Servicer is not a Credit Institution, with the Credit Institution 
appointed by such Replacement Servicer in accordance with 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, as applicable.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
“NBG BoG Account” means the bank account in the name of 
NBG, maintained in respect of the State Subsidised Loans with the 
Bank of Greece. 
“Credit Institution” means a credit institution for the purposes of 
the Greek Banking Legislation. 
“Replacement Servicer” means any entity appointed as a 
substitute servicer in accordance with Clause 22 of the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed. 
Transaction Account 
On or about the Programme Closing Date, a segregated Euro 
denominated account was established with the Account Bank (the 
“Transaction Account”). 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event (as defined above), 
the Servicer shall (i) procure that within two days after the 
occurrence of such Issuer Event, all collections of principal and 
interest on deposit in the Collection Account be transferred to 
the Transaction Account. Following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event, the Transaction Account will be used for the crediting of 
the following amounts: 
(a) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Collection 
Account; 
(b) 
any amount received by the Issuer or the Servicer in 
respect of the Loan Assets, Marketable Assets and 
Liquid Assets; 
(c) 
all amounts received by the Issuer for effecting payments 
on the Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
all amounts received by the Issuer to effect an optional 
substitution of Cover Pool Assets (including any amount 
deposited by the Issuer to prevent a sale of the Loan 
Assets to a third party); 
(e) 
all amounts received in connection with the sale of a 
Cover Pool Asset; 
(f) 
all amounts received by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Interest Rate Swap and the Covered Bond Swaps (other 
than Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts (if any)); and 
(g) 
all amounts deriving from the maturity or liquidation of 
Authorised Investments; and 
(h) 
any Subsidy Payments received from the DYPA and/or 
the Greek State and/or any other Greek State subsidised 
or owned entity. 
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will maintain records in 
relation to the Transaction Account in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Covered Bonds Available 
Funds  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Issuer shall 
transfer any amounts it receives in respect of any Cover Pool 
Assets to the Transaction Account within two Athens Business 
Days of receipt. 
The Transaction Account will be maintained with the Account 
Bank for as long as the Account Bank is an Eligible Institution. 
 
 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, payments on the 
Covered Bonds will be made from the Covered Bonds Available 
Funds in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
“Covered Bonds Available Funds” means, at any time upon or 
after the occurrence of an Issuer Event in respect of any Cover 
Pool Payment Date, as the case may be, the aggregate of: 
(a) all amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account 
at the immediately preceding Calculation Date (other than 
amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger); 
(b) all amounts (if any) paid or to be paid on or prior to such 
Cover Pool Payment Date by the Hedging Counterparties into the 
Transaction Account pursuant to the Hedging Agreement(s); 
(c) all amounts of interest paid on the Transaction Account 
during the Interest Period immediately preceding such Cover Pool 
Payment Date;  
(d) the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Withdrawal Amount; and  
(e) all amounts deriving from repayment at maturity of any 
Authorised Investment, Marketable Assets and Liquid Assets on 
or prior to such Cover Pool Payment Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(i) should there be any duplication in the amounts included in the 
different items of the Covered Bonds Available Funds above, the 
Servicer shall avoid such duplication when calculating the 
Covered Bonds Available Funds; and 
(ii) the Covered Bonds Available Funds will not include any asset 
(including, without limitation, cash or securities) which is paid or 
transferred by any Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer as collateral 
to secure the performance by such Hedging Counterparty of its 
obligations under a Hedging Agreement together with any income 
or distributions received in respect of such asset and any 
equivalent or replacement of such asset into which such asset is 
transferred but which may not be applied at such time in 
satisfaction of the obligations of the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty under the terms of such Hedging Agreement.  
“Swap Collateral” means, at any time, any asset (including, 
without limitation, cash and/or securities) which is paid or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
transferred by a Swap Provider to the Issuer as collateral in 
respect of the performance by such Swap Provider of its 
obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement together with 
any income or distributions received in respect of such asset and 
any equivalent of such asset into which such asset is transformed. 
Cover Pool Event of Default 
If, following an Issuer Event, any of the following events occurs (a 
“Cover Pool Event of Default”): 
(a) 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any 
Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds there is a failure 
to pay any amount of principal due on such Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds on such date and such default is not 
remedied within a period of seven Athens Business Days 
from the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of 
the amount of interest due on any Series of Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds and any other Series of Covered Bonds 
occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of 
14 Athens Business Days from the due date thereof; 
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice from the Principal 
Paying Agent, or the Servicer, of the occurrence of such Cover 
Pool Event of Default, serve a notice (a “Notice of Default”) on 
the Issuer. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds 
of each Series shall become immediately due and payable. 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default, the 
Trustee shall be entitled to direct the Servicer to dispose of the 
Cover Pool. See “Description of Principal Documents - Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed”. 
Priority of Payments 
Prior to the delivery of a  
Notice of Default 
Following an Issuer Event but prior to the delivery of a Notice of 
Default, the Servicer shall apply all Covered Bonds Available 
Funds on each Cover Pool Payment Date in making the following 
payments and provisions in the following order of priority (the 
Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments) (in each case only if 
and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been 
made in full):  
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due 
and payable or to become due and payable prior to the 
next Cover Pool Payment Date to the Trustee (including 
remuneration payable to it) under the provisions of the 
Trust Deed together with interest and applicable VAT (or 
other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof to pay any additional fees, 
costs, expenses and taxes due and payable on the Cover

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Pool Payment Date or to provide for all such amounts that 
will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool 
Payment Date to fund any notice to be given to any 
parties in accordance with any of the Transaction 
Documents or to the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, (a) to pay all amounts due and payable 
on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to 
the next Cover Pool Payment Date (and for which 
payment has not been provided for elsewhere in the 
relevant Priorities of Payments), to any Secured Creditors 
other than the Covered Bondholders with the exception of 
any amount due to be paid, or that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date, to the 
Hedging Counterparties under the Hedging Agreements, 
and (b) to the Servicer an amount representing the cost of 
the Levy in respect of such Loans received from 
Borrowers, such amount to be used by the Servicer 
towards satisfaction of the Issuer's obligation to pay any 
Levy; 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the 
respective amounts thereof (a) to pay all amounts of 
interest due and payable on the Pass-Through Covered 
Bonds and on the Covered Bonds on the Cover Pool 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool 
Payment Date on any Covered Bonds and (b) to pay any 
amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment 
Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become 
due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment 
Date under any Hedging Agreement other than 
Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging 
Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreement; 
(v) 
fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger with 
an amount equal to the difference between the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Required Amount and the aggregate of the 
amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger and the nominal value of Liquid Assets 
which have not matured on or prior to such Cover Pool 
Payment Date (other than Liquid Assets represented by 
amounts previously credited to the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger) purchased from amounts previously 
credited to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger after 
having made the payments under paragraphs (i) to (iv) 
above, only to the extent that the same would not give rise 
to a Cover Pool Event of Default pursuant to these 
Conditions;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the 
respective amounts thereof all amounts of principal due 
and payable in respect of any Series of Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds and any other Series of Covered Bonds 
then outstanding on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to 
provide for all such amounts that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date (if 
any) on any Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds and 
any other Series of Covered Bonds; 
(vii) 
seventh, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, any remaining Covered Bonds Available 
Funds will remain standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account, or, as applicable, be deposited in the 
Transaction Account;  
(viii) 
eighth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to 
the next Cover Pool Payment Date to any Hedging 
Counterparties 
arising 
out 
of 
any 
Subordinated 
Termination Payment; and 
(ix) 
nineth, to pay any excess to the Issuer.  
 
“Subordinated Termination Payment” means any termination 
payments due and payable to any Hedging Counterparty under a 
Hedging Agreement where such termination results from (a) an 
Additional Termination Event - "Ratings Event" as specified in the 
schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement, (b) bankruptcy of the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty, or (c) any default and/or failure to 
perform by such Hedging Counterparty under the relevant Hedging 
Agreement, other than, in the event of (a) or (c) above, the amount 
of any termination payment due and payable to such Hedging 
Counterparty in relation to the termination of such transaction to 
the extent of any premium received by the Issuer from a 
replacement hedging counterparty. 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default and 
the delivery of a Notice of Default all funds deriving from the 
Cover Pool Assets and the Transaction Documents, standing to the 
credit of the Transaction Account shall be applied on any Athens 
Business Day in accordance with the following order of priority of 
payments (the “Post Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of 
Payments” and, together with the Post Issuer Event Priority of 
Payments, the “Priorities of Payments” and, each of them a 
“Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent 
that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) 
provided that any such amount has not been paid by the Issuer 
using funds not forming part of the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee is entitled 
pursuant to the Trust Deed and any costs and expenses

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
incurred by or on behalf of the Trustee (a) following the 
occurrence of a Potential Cover Pool Event of Default in 
connection with or as a result of serving on the Issuer a 
Notice of Default (to the extent that any such amounts 
have not yet been paid out of the Covered Bonds 
Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of 
Default) and (b) following the delivery of a Notice of 
Default in connection with or as a result of the 
enforcement of (A) the security granted under the 
Statutory Pledge and the Deed of Charge and/or (B) any 
other right or remedy that the Trustee is entitled to, or is 
required to pursue, under or in connection with the 
Transaction Documents and the Covered Bonds for the 
purpose of protecting the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay all amounts of 
interest and principal then due and payable on any 
Covered Bonds, (b) to pay any additional fees, costs, 
expenses and taxes due and payable in connection with 
any listing or deposit of the Covered Bonds or to fund any 
notice to be given to any parties in accordance with any of 
the 
Transaction 
Documents 
or 
to 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders, (c) to pay all amounts due and payable to 
any 
Secured 
Creditors, 
other 
than 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders and (d) any amounts due and payable under 
any Hedging Agreement other than the Subordinated 
Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties 
under any such Hedging Agreements; and 
(iii) 
third, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
to any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any 
Subordinated Termination Payment; and 
(iv) 
fourth, following the payment in full of all items under (i) 
to (iii) above, to pay all excess amounts to the Issuer. 
“Indemnity” means any indemnity amounts due to the Trustee 
under Clause 14 of the Trust Deed. 
Servicing and Cash  
Management Deed  
Under the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
entered into on the Programme Closing Date between the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Servicer (as amended and restated, the 
“Servicing and Cash Management Deed”), the Issuer has been 
authorised, subject to the conditions specified therein, to 
administer the cash flows arising from the Cover Pool. 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed sets forth the terms 
and conditions upon which the Servicer shall be required to 
administer the Cover Pool Assets. 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed the 
Servicer has undertaken to prepare and deliver certain reports in

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
connection with the Loan Assets. Pursuant to the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed, the Servicer will agree to perform 
certain obligations in connection with the management of the 
Cover Pool. 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed contains provisions 
under which the Issuer shall be obliged upon the terms and subject 
to the conditions specified therein, to appoint an appropriate entity 
to perform the Servicing and Cash Management Activities to be 
performed by the Servicer. 
“Programme Closing Date” means 26 November 2008. 
See “Description of the Principal Documents – The Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed”. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of the asset monitor agreement entered into on 
the Programme Closing Date between the Asset Monitor, the 
Servicer, the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended and restated, the 
“Asset Monitor Agreement”), the Asset Monitor has agreed to 
carry out various testing and notification duties in relation to the 
calculations performed by the Servicer in relation to the Statutory 
Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount and, if 
required, the Amortisation Test. 
Trust Deed 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed entered into on the Programme 
Closing Date (as amended and restated) between the Issuer and the 
Trustee, the Trustee has been appointed to act as the Covered 
Bondholders’ representative in accordance with Article 14(3) of 
the Covered Bond Law. 
Deed of Charge 
The Issuer shall, where necessary, assign its rights arising 
under the Hedging Agreements and any Transaction Document 
governed by English law to the Trustee (on trust for itself and on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors) in accordance with a deed of charge (the “Deed of 
Charge”). 
In addition, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors have agreed that, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, 
all the Covered Bonds Available Funds will be applied in or 
towards satisfaction of all the Issuer’s payment obligations towards 
the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed and the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Trustee has been authorised, in accordance with the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed, subject to a Notice of Default being 
delivered to the Issuer following the occurrence of a Cover Pool 
Event of Default or upon failure by the Issuer to exercise its rights 
under the Transaction Documents, to exercise, in the name and on 
behalf of the Issuer, all the Issuer’s rights arising out of the 
Transaction Documents to which the Issuer is a party.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English Law. 
Agency Agreement 
Under the terms of an agency agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date between the Issuer, the Agents and the 
Trustee (as amended and restated) (the “Agency Agreement”), the 
Agents have agreed to provide the Issuer with certain agency 
services and the Paying Agents have agreed, inter alia, to make 
available for inspection such documents as may be required from 
time to time by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
arrange for the publication of any notice to be given to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Bank Account Agreement 
Under the terms of the bank account agreement entered into on 
the Programme Closing Date between the Account Bank, the 
Servicer, the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended and restated) (the 
“Bank Account Agreement”), the Account Bank has agreed to 
operate the Transaction Account and any Swap Collateral 
Accounts (together with the Transaction Account, the “Bank 
Accounts”) in accordance with the instructions given by the 
Servicer. 
Custody Agreement 
The Issuer may enter into any custody agreement, after the 
Programme Closing Date, between, inter alios, the Custodian and 
the Issuer (the “Custody Agreement”) (as any of the same may be 
amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time 
to time). 
Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter 
into Interest Rate Swap Agreements and Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements, (together the “Hedging Agreements”) with one or 
more Hedging Counterparties for the purpose of, inter alia, 
protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, 
interest rate, liquidity, currency and credit) related to the Loan 
Assets and/or the Covered Bonds. In accordance with the terms 
set forth in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer 
may include the claims of the Issuer arising from the Hedging 
Agreements, together with the cash flows deriving therefrom in 
the Cover Pool provided that, inter alia the terms and conditions 
of such Hedging Agreements shall not adversely affect the ratings 
of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
The Hedging Agreements shall be governed by English Law. 
The Issuer’s rights arising from the Hedging Agreements will be 
included as part of the Cover Pool at the Issuer's discretion. 
Transaction Documents 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Programme 
Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Agency Agreement, 
the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge, the Bank Account 
Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Master Definitions 
and Construction Schedule, each of the Final Terms, each 
Registration Statement, the Conditions, the Hedging Agreements, 
any agreement entered into with a new Servicer, any custody 
agreement entered into from time to time in connection with the 
holding of any Authorised Investments or the Swap Collateral

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
together with any additional document entered into in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and/or the Cover Pool and designated as a 
Transaction Document by the Issuer and the Trustee, are together 
referred to as the “Transaction Documents”. 
“Subscription Agreement” means an agreement supplemental to 
the Programme Agreement (by whatever name called) in or 
substantially in the form set out in the Programme Agreement or in 
such other form as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Lead 
Manager or one or more Dealers (as the case may be). 
Investor Report 
On the day which falls two Athens Business Days prior to the 
Cover Pool Payment Date falling in March, June, September and 
December of each year (each an “Investor Report Date”), the 
Servicer will produce an investor report (the “Investor Report”), 
which will contain information regarding the Covered Bonds and 
the Cover Pool, including statistics relating to the financial 
performance of the Cover Pool Assets. Such report will be 
available to the prospective investors in the Covered Bonds and to 
Covered Bondholders at the offices of Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, on Bloomberg and on the website www.nbg.gr.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may 
or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. It is not possible to identify all 
risks or to determine which risks are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant risks and certain risks which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other unknown 
reasons. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. If potential 
investors are in doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus they should consult with an 
appropriate professional adviser to make their own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of 
the merits and risk of investment in such Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section. Investing in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks. Prospective 
investors should consider, among other things, the following: 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the long-lasting implications of the Hellenic Republic’s economic crisis in the 
previous decade, the COVID-19 outbreak, the evolving geopolitical turbulence and inflation 
pressures. 
The economic outlook and the fiscal position of the Hellenic Republic continues to be affected by the 
legacy of the prolonged economic crisis of the previous decade, the COVID-19 pandemic since 2020, 
and the surge in inflation since 2021, compounded by heightened geopolitical tensions and still 
considerable risks to the energy outlook, which could have additional adverse effects on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group’s financial condition and its results of operations are heavily dependent on 
macroeconomic, social and political conditions prevailing in Greece. 
Following almost eight years of recession in the period 2008 to 2016, the annual growth of the Gross 
Domestic Product (“GDP”) in Greece entered positive territory in 2017 and accelerated further in 
2018 and 2019, with annual growth rates of 1.1% year-on-year, 1.5% year-on-year and 1.8% year-on-
year, respectively Source: The Hellenic Statistical Authority (“ELSTAT”), Quarterly National 
Accounts, 4th Quarter 2022, Press Release, March 2023), despite the tighter-than-initially expected 
fiscal conditions, due to the over-performance over this three-year period against the fiscal targets of 
the European Stability Mechanism (“ESM”) stability support programme (“Third Programme”). 
Due to the high level of Greece’s public debt, which is primarily held by the official sector, ambitious 
fiscal targets had been pursued in the context of the enhanced surveillance framework (the 
“Enhanced Surveillance Framework”), applied to Greece between August 2018 and August 2022,

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
following the completion of the Third Programme (as further described below). These fiscal targets 
have been temporarily suspended due to the Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic crisis but will be 
reactivated from 2024 onwards when the suspension expires (Source: European Commission, 
Statement, “State aid: Commission will phase out State Aid COVID Temporary Framework”, 12 May 
2022). Fiscal targets remain demanding for a prolonged period, in the context of the post-programme 
surveillance (“PPS”) and the European Union’s common framework for the coordination and 
surveillance of economic and social policies (the “European Semester”), which also applies to 
Greece as regards the design and targets of economic, fiscal and financial policy, following the 
conclusion of the Enhanced Surveillance Framework in August 2022, as further described below. 
Greece’s recovery has been temporarily interrupted by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic since 
late February 2020, that led to a severe GDP contraction of 8.7% year-on-year in the 2020 fiscal year, 
due to the application of strict containment measures – that included extensive restrictions on mobility 
and economic activities in some periods – and high uncertainty. However, the provision of a sizeable 
amount of fiscal support measures against the COVID-19-induced stress on liquidity conditions and 
the labour market in 2020-2021 (including the use of approval of Greek state (the “State”) guarantees 
on lending, employment allowances and subsidised employment schemes) limited the pandemic 
impact on the Greek labour market and private sector disposable income. GDP growth recovered 
strongly by 8.0% year-on-year in 2021 and by 6.1% year-on-year in 2022, bolstered by the activation 
of deferred demand following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions and the rapid recovery of tourism 
activity (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 4th Quarter 2022, Press Release, March 
2023). Most notably, the labour market has shown remarkable responsiveness to the gradual 
unwinding of the extraordinary State support measures over the course of 2021 and 2022, with the 
unemployment rate dropping to a 13-year low of 12.4% in December 2022, confirming the temporary 
nature of the COVID-19 impact on the economy (Source: ELSTAT, Labour Force Survey database). 
Similarly, the private sector disposable income contracted by 4.2% year-on-year in 2020 and 
recovered strongly in 2021 and 2022 (+9.7% and +11.9% year-on-year, respectively) (Source: 
ELSTAT, Quarterly Non-Financial Sector Accounts database). 
The sharp acceleration in inflation recorded since mid-2021, along with geopolitical turbulence 
caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, had driven energy and food commodity 
inflation to multi-decade highs, increasing pressure on major central banks to tighten their monetary 
policy stance. Despite the resilience of Greece’s and the Euro area’s economic growth 2022 and 
early2023, and increasing signs of a slowing in inflation, on the back of more favourable-than-
previously-expected energy market conditions, risks on the energy front, as the crisis in Ukraine 
evolves, as well as the lagging impact of monetary policy tightening, continue to create material 
pressures to the economic outlook for 2023 and the medium term. In this context, official forecasts for 
the macroeconomic outlook of major economies, published in the first months of the year, have been 
revised slightly upwards for 2023 fiscal year, but medium-term forecasts remain more subdued 
compared with those before the pandemic and the eruption of the Ukraine crisis.  
The economy’s transition to the “Post-programme” era 
In 2018, Greece successfully completed the Third Programme – following a precipitate termination of 
the first two Programmes in 2012 and 2015 respectively – and was subjected to a post-programme 
monitoring framework between August 2018 and August 2022, which is based on the Enhanced 
Surveillance Framework directed by the European Commission (Sources: European Commission, 
Occasional Papers 94, “The Second Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece”, March 2012, 
ESM Press Release, “EFSF programme for Greece expires today”, 30 June 2015 and European 
Commission, “Commission implementing decision of 11.7.2018 on the activation of enhanced 
surveillance for Greece”, 11 July 2018). 
The Third Programme was activated on 19 August 2015 against a backdrop of severe economic 
uncertainty, intensifying liquidity tensions and capital flight that appeared to threaten the membership 
of the Hellenic Republic in the European Monetary Union and the European Union (“EU”) and gave

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
rise to a new recessionary spiral, following a cumulative contraction in economic activity of 29.2% 
year-on-year between 2008 and 2014 (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 4th Quarter 
2022, Press Release, March 2023). In this environment, the Greek government officially requested 
financial assistance from the EU on 10 July 2015 (Source: European Commission’s proposal for a 
council implementation decision on granting short-term European Union financial assistance to 
Greece under a new programme from the ESM). On 19 August 2015, the Hellenic Republic entered a 
Memorandum of Understanding (“MoU”) with the European Commission (“EC”) and the ESM for 
the provision of further stability support accompanied by the Third Programme. 
The Third Programme was successfully completed on 20 August 2018. This completion was 
accompanied by a new agreement on the provision of additional debt relief, aimed at lowering 
Greece’s gross financing needs (“GFNs”) in the medium-to-long-term and the build-up of a sizeable 
cash buffer by the Hellenic Republic financed by Third Programme funding and new debt issuances. 
Moreover, for the longterm, the Eurogroup of 21 June 2018 has recalled the agreement that had been 
reached in the Eurogroup of May 2016, on a contingency mechanism on debt that could be activated 
in the case of an unexpectedly more adverse macroeconomic scenario, adjusting debt servicing costs 
to more sustainable levels if required and decided by the Eurogroup (Sources: Eurogroup Statements, 
25 May 2016, 24 May 2018 and 22 June 2018). An enhanced surveillance framework (the “Enhanced 
Surveillance Framework”), under the existing mechanisms of fiscal coordination in the EU, 
supervised by the EC, has been agreed and the Hellenic Republic has also committed to ensure the 
continuity and completion of reforms adopted under the Third Programme. Moreover, the official 
European lenders have committed to reassess the sustainability of Greek debt by 2032, or earlier if 
deemed necessary, after taking into account Greece’s compliance with the targets of the post-Third 
Programme Enhanced Surveillance Framework and the potential role of adverse factors beyond the 
control of the Hellenic Republic’s economic policy.  
The Enhanced Surveillance Framework for Greece expired on 20 August 2022. Greece delivered on 
the bulk of the policy commitments made to the Eurogroup upon its exit from its financial assistance 
programme in June 2018 and achieved effective reform implementation. Monitoring Greece’s 
economic, fiscal and financial situation will continue in the context of the post-programme 
surveillance (the “PPS”) and the European Semester. The first PPS report, published on 22 November 
2022 by the European Commission, marks the country’s transition from the exceptional status of 
enhanced surveillance to a broader group of Euro area countries that received some form of official 
sector financial support in the previous years. The report recognises that Greece has taken the 
necessary actions to fulfil its commitments and serves as a basis for the Eurogroup to take a decision 
on the release of the final tranche of policy-contingent debt-relief measures agreed in June 2018. 
Moreover, major reforms and investments are foreseen in the Greek Recovery and Resilience Plan 
(the “NRRP”) 
Potential delays in the completion of remaining reforms or the inability to safeguard the objectives of 
the adopted reforms and/or the sustainability of the fiscal performance in the medium and longer term, 
due to endogenous or exogenous factors, could weigh on the markets’ assessment of the risks 
surrounding the creditworthiness of the Hellenic Republic and, therefore, could raise concerns 
regarding its capacity to maintain a continuous access to market financing at sustainable terms. Such a 
development could, in turn, have a material adverse impact on the Bank’s liquidity position, business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The aforementioned developments continue to create significant challenges for the Group, as the 
negative legacy-effects of the Greek fiscal crisis in the period 2009 to 2017, combined with the 
lagging impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and still considerable inflation and energy risks under the 
evolving geopolitical crisis, could give rise to persistent, direct and indirect, adverse effects on private 
sector income, the quality of private sector balance sheets and liquidity conditions in general. See also 
“The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted 
period and legacy effects from the energy crisis and inflation pressures may impose further 
constraints on economic activity in Greece” and “The COVID-19 pandemic, the economic policy

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
response and the impact on the Hellenic Republic’s economy to date may materially and adversely 
affect the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition” below. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, the economic policy response and the impact on the Hellenic Republic’s 
economy to date may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition. 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in February 2020 has inflicted high human costs worldwide 
and had led to a sharp deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, the European and global 
economies had entered a sharp recession in the first semester of 2020, which continued, at a slower 
pace, until the end of the year. To counter the spread of COVID-19, strict containment measures were 
imposed around the world, including Greece, voluntarily shutting down large parts of the economy. 
The enforcement of protective restrictions, along with elevated uncertainty, weighed heavily on 
economic conditions, interrupting Greece’s recovery in a period when the economy had exhibited 
signs of further improvement. 
Greek GDP suffered a decline of historical proportions in the second quarter of 2020 (-15.6% year-
on-year and -13.4% quarter-on-quarter, on a seasonally adjusted basis), against a backdrop of high 
uncertainty and the enforcement of restrictions on a wide range of activities aimed at limiting the 
spread of the pandemic (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 4th Quarter 2022, Press 
Release March 2023). COVID-19 adversely affected a broad range of indicators of economic activity 
and resulted in a sharp drop in business turnover and corporate profitability (-10.3% and -8.2% year-
on-year, respectively, in 2020 (Sources: ELSTAT, Evolution of turnover of enterprises, Press Release, 
April 2023 and Quarterly Non-Financial Sector Accounts, Press Release, 4th Quarter 2022, April 
2023).  
A sizeable fiscal expansion was put in place by the Greek government aimed at addressing the effects 
of COVID-19 on the economy. The support included several fiscal and liquidity measures, which 
were activated over the course of 2020 and 2021, mainly comprising social transfers, subsidies and 
deferrals of tax and social security contributions, as well as state loans and guarantees for new bank 
lending, amounting to about 15.0% of GDP or €27.0 billion (Sources: Ministry of Finance, Budget 
2022, November 2021, in Greek and Stability Programme 2022, April 2022). These measures have 
been endorsed by the European Commission, which has suspended the Enhanced Surveillance 
primary surplus target for Greece since 2020 (3.5% of GDP in 2022), as part of the activation of the 
general “escape clause” within the Stability and Growth Pact for all countries to allow the necessary 
increase in government spending in order to contain the coronavirus outbreak and mitigate its 
negative socio-economic effects (Source: European Commission, Coronavirus: Commission proposes 
activating fiscal framework's general escape clause to respond to pandemic, Press Release, 20 March 
2020). Although the fiscal response ameliorated the pandemic hit to the economy and strengthened 
the recovery in 2021, it has also led to a significant deterioration in the Greek general government 
balance, which recorded a sizeable deficit of 9.7% of GDP in 2020 and of 7.1% of GDP in 2021 from 
a surplus of 0.9% of GDP in 2019 (European System of Accounts (“ESA”) 2010 definition). The 
sizeable deficits in 2020-2021 and the sharp drop in 2020 GDP pushed public debt to a new high of 
206.3% of GDP in 2020, which declined to 194.6% of GDP in 2021 (Source: ELSTAT, Fiscal Data, 
April 2023).  
Various measures were announced by the Greek and European authorities in response to the economic 
and market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, with the most significant relating to 
the activation of the Next Generation EU (“NGEU”) on 21 July 2020, approved by the European 
Parliament on 10 November 2020 (Sources: Council of the European Union, European Council 
conclusions, 17-21 July 2020 and Council of the European Union, Next multiannual financial 
framework and recovery package: Council presidency reaches political agreement with the European 
Parliament, 10 November 2020), which was intended to provide higher support to the most adversely 
affected economies such as Greece’s. In particular, the NGEU has been designed in order to speed up 
the reversal of activity losses in 2020 and bolster critical elements of activity, such as business and

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
public investment. Greece is one of the top recipients among the EU countries, with grants under the 
Recovery and Resilience Facility (the “RRF”), which is the main financing programme of the NGEU, 
for the period 2021 to 2026 amounting to €17.8 billion (10.8% of 2020 GDP) and increasing to €30.5 
billion (18.4% of 2020 GDP), if lending under the same mechanism is included (Source: European 
Commission, Factsheet: Greece’s recovery and resilience plan, June 2021). Greece has received 
€11.1 billion of RRF funding until the second quarter of 2023 (corresponding to a pre-financing 
tranche in 2021 and the first two payments in April 2022 and January 2023, respectively). (Source: 
European Commission, Recovery and Resilience Scoreboard website).  
See further “The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and 
enhance its long-term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of 
reforms may not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the 
Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing 
and legacy effects from multiple sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects” below. 
Greek asset valuations and market activity between 2018 and early 2023 
Greek financial asset valuations had started to recover following the successful completion of the 
Third Programme, along with the broad-based improvement in economic conditions since 2018, with 
the yields of Greek Government Bonds (“GGBs”) following a broadly steady downward trend, which 
intensified in 2020-2021 due to the exceptional inclusion to the European Central Bank’s (“ECB”) 
temporary Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme (“PEPP”). Substantial government bond 
purchases under the PEPP (that reached €37.7 billion between March 2020 and March 2023), along 
with the relatively benign debt servicing profile of the Hellenic Republic, have contributed to the 
significant appreciation of Greek sovereign bonds (Source: ECB, PEPP website). Specifically, the 10-
year GGB yield dropped by 469 bps cumulatively in 2018-2020 and to an all-time low of 0.59% in 
August 2021. Nonetheless, GGB yields started to pick-up since the fourth quarter of 2021, against a 
backdrop of increasing market worries regarding the rapid acceleration in inflationary pressures 
worldwide. Bond yields increased significantly during 2022, with the 10-year GGB yield averaging at 
3.49% in 2022 and peaking to 5.08% on 19 October 2022, against a backdrop of rising sovereign 
bond yields worldwide, in parallel with the rapid monetary policy tightening by the ECB and other 
major central banks. Greece’s 10-year GGB yield stood at 4.27%, on average, in the first four months 
of 2023, with the spread over the German 10-year government bond stabilizing at 192 bps in this 
period, compared with 230 in 2022 and 120 bps in 2021 (Source: Bank of Greece, Government 
benchmark bond prices and yields database). 
As regards the role of the ECB in shaping financial conditions, it should be stressed that the first half 
of 2022 marked the turning point of an unprecedented cycle of monetary policy easing by the ECB 
and other major central banks worldwide. Rapidly increasing inflation and resilient economic 
recovery until the first quarter of 2022 had already set the stage for a withdrawal of extraordinary 
support measures, activated due to COVID-19, with net purchases of securities under the PEPP 
having been discontinued in March 2022. The ECB stated that the re-investment of funds from 
maturing bonds will continue until at least the end of 2024 and will be used with increased flexibility 
in order to avoid disruptions in monetary policy transmission. The ECB also stated in April 2022 that 
Greece’s sovereign securities will continue to be accepted in refinancing operations, despite their non-
investment grade status. 
In view of the very strong reaction of fixed income markets to the prospects of accelerated monetary 
policy tightening, the ECB’s Governing Council mandated, on 15 June 2022, the relevant Eurosystem 
Committees to accelerate the completion of a new “anti-fragmentation instrument”, with a view to 
ease the heightened pressure on valuations of specific euro area bonds (Source: ECB, Statement after 
the ad hoc meeting of the ECB Governing Council, Press Release, 15 June 2022). In the July 2022 
meeting the ECB stressed its intention to remain vigilant against financial fragmentation risks using

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
targeted reinvestments of PEEP bond-holding redemptions and presented its new Transmission 
Protection Instrument (“TPI”) to cushion potential unwarranted pressures in fixed income markets, 
which could impair its monetary policy transmission mechanism. The access to the TPI is subject to 
certain conditions related, mainly, to the implementation of sound fiscal policies and the sustainability 
of public debt for sovereigns that are eligible for asset purchases (Source: ECB, Account of the 
monetary policy meeting of the Governing Council of the European Central Bank held in Frankfurt 
am Main on Wednesday and Thursday, 20-21 July 2022). In regard to the ECB’s moves concerning 
the normalization of policy rates, following a long period of accommodative monetary policy, its 
Governing Council has increased by 3.75% its main policy rates between July 2022 and May 2023, 
with the central bank stressing its determination to combat persistent inflationary pressures through 
additional rate hikes even at the risk of a sharp weakening in economic activity in 2023 (Source: ECB, 
Monetary policy decisions, Press Release, 9 June 2022, 21 July 2022, 8 September 2022, 27 October 
2022, 15 December 2022, 2 February 2023, 16 March 2023 and 4 May 2023). 
Against this backdrop, the Hellenic Republic accessed the markets several times in the period 2018-
2022, at increasingly competitive terms, raising a total gross amount of €50 billion, through the 
issuance of GGBs with maturities ranging between five and thirty years and an exchange offer 
between the Hellenic Republic and the Bank, who exchanged its three GGBs for a new GGB with a 
maturity of thirty years. Despite the more challenging market environment, the Hellenic Republic has 
raised €6.3 billion in the first four months of 2023 (Sources: Public Debt Management Agency, 
Announcements on the issuance of government bonds, 2018-2023, Ministry of Finance, MTFS 
Programme 2023-2026, May 2023 and National Bank of Greece, Announcement on the Exchange of 
Greek Government Bonds, 22 January 2020). 
Equity and real estate valuations recorded significant cumulative gains in the last four years, starting 
from a very low basis, with the ASE General Index increasing by 17.5% between 2018 and 2022 – 
showing, however, high volatility during this period – and residential real estate prices up by 33.8% 
cumulatively in the same period. This trend in Greece’s equity market continued in early-2023, with 
the ASE General Index increasing by 19.9% on a year-to-date basis (early-May 2023) (Sources: 
Datastream database and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). Furthermore, supply remains 
relatively subdued, despite the acceleration in construction activity by 24.6% year-on-year in 2022 
(+44.5% year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2022), with the level of activity corresponding to a 
small fraction of the boom period 2002-2008 (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly gross fixed capital 
formation, 4th Quarter 2022, Press Release, March 2023).  
Moreover, improved investors’ confidence regarding Greece’s economic prospects led to increasing 
inflows of foreign direct investment amounting to €22.7 billion, cumulatively, in the period between 
2018 and 2022 – reaching an all-time high of €6.4 billion in 2022 (Source: Bank of Greece, Balance 
of Payments Statistics).  
There are still considerable risks surrounding the Greek economy’s prospects, including 
uncertainties regarding the near-term outlook for private consumption, as well as business 
investment and the private sector’s capital spending and lending decisions, in view of (i) the 
protracted impact of the preceding crises; (ii) the required rebalancing of the fiscal position following 
the COVID-19 shock; (iii) the continuing tightening in monetary policy, due to rising inflation 
worldwide, which is combined with higher volatility in the financial markets; and (iv) the prolonged 
geopolitical stress, which affects energy security in the EU and amplifies energy and non-energy 
commodities inflation, despite the significant easing of energy-related pressures in the first months of 
2023. The Group's business activities are dependent on the level of banking, finance and financial 
products and services it offers, as well as customers’ capacity to repay their liabilities. In particular, 
the levels of savings and credit demand are heavily dependent on customer confidence, disposable 
income trends and the availability and cost of funding, each of which factors continues to show a 
relatively slow improvement in Greece. Moreover, the Group's customers may further decrease their 
risk tolerance to non-deposit investments, such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds, which would 
continue to adversely affect the Group’s fee and commission income. For related information, see

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
“The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted 
period and legacy effects from the energy crisis and inflation pressures may impose further 
constraints on economic activity in Greece” and “The effort to restore conditions of economic 
normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-term competitiveness, as well as to support 
the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not lead to the intended return of the economy 
to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully 
resolved, especially in view of the ongoing and legacy effects from multiple sources of stress that 
affect the economy, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects” below. 
The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period 
and legacy effects from the energy crisis and inflation pressures may impose further constraints on 
economic activity in Greece. 
The significant increase in Greece’s fiscal credibility, due to the overperformance vis-à-vis the fiscal 
targets under the Third Programme and the Enhanced Surveillance Framework, enabled the 
government to implement a significant amount of fiscal expansion measures in 2020-2021. However, 
the requirement to restore a sustainable fiscal equilibrium in the medium term, as agreed under the 
Enhanced Surveillance Framework and the subsequent regime of post-programme monitoring to 
which the economy has been subjected since August 2022, following the lifting of the suspension in 
the EU of the “general escape clause” from fiscal rules due to the pandemic, poses the risk of (i) an 
increase in the effective burden from taxes (personal, corporate, indirect and consumption taxes) in 
the event that additional fiscal effort will be required to meet the fiscal targets, and/or (ii) a sharper-
than-anticipated reduction in government spending, with a view to ensure the achievement of the 
agreed fiscal surpluses that permit a sustainable reduction in the public debt. The above factors could 
impose further constraints on economic activity and result in weaker-than-initially-expected GDP 
growth outcomes in the coming years, while in conjunction with other fiscal measures could also 
exert additional pressure on private sector spending and liquidity. Although Greece overperformed 
vis-à-vis its officially agreed fiscal targets in 2021-22, despite the additional cost of fiscal support 
against the COVID-19 and energy/inflation crisis, the targeted return to primary fiscal surpluses 
higher than 2% in the medium term could be a challenging task under a less supportive 
macroeconomic environment. 
The fiscal position of the Hellenic Republic deteriorated sharply in 2020, due to the extraordinary 
interventions (c. €12 billion) implemented to address the effects of COVID-19, with the General 
Government primary deficit reaching 6.7% of GDP, compared with a primary surplus of 3.9% of 
GDP in 2019 (Source: Ministry of Finance, Stability Programme 2023, May 2023 and Ministry of 
Finance, MTFS 2022-2025, June 2021). However, the strong economic recovery in 2021-2022 
bolstered the fiscal performance, despite the cost of additional support measures in response to the 
pandemic, the energy crisis and the rise in inflation. The publication of annual fiscal data for Greece 
by ELSTAT on 21 April 2023 showed that, following an improvement in primary deficit (4.7% of 
GDP) in 2021, the General Government achieved a small primary surplus of 0.1% of GDP (calculated 
in accordance with the ESA 2010 standard) in 2022 − a year earlier than planned and against a Budget 
2023 estimate for a primary deficit of 1.6% of GDP – strongly outperforming its fiscal targets as well 
as the euro area average. (Source: ELSTAT, Fiscal Data, April 2023). For 2023, Greece’s Stability 
Programme targets to a higher primary surplus of 1.1% of GDP, with increasing margin for a new 
overperformance following the strong fiscal outcome in 2022 and the strong start to 2023 (Source: 
Ministry of Finance, Stability Programme 2023, May 2023). Moreover, the Hellenic Republic’s gross 
General Government debt as per cent of GDP recorded, for a second consecutive year, an outstanding 
annual decline in 2022, dropping to 171.3% of GDP – the lowest ratio since 2012 – from 194.6% in 
2021 and 206.3% in 2020, and is expected to reduce further, to c. 160% of GDP, in 2023. Most 
notably, Greece recorded the largest improvement among all euro area countries as regards the annual 
pace of decrease of both fiscal deficit and public debt (-4.8% and -23.3% of GDP, respectively, for 
Greece compared with -1.9% and -4.0% of GDP for the same aggregates in the euro area) (Sources:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
ELSTAT, Fiscal Data, April 2023, Ministry of Finance, Stability Programme 2023, May 2023 and 
Eurostat, Fiscal Data, April 2023).  
Against this backdrop, Greece’s sovereign credit rating outlook was revised to positive by the S&P 
Global Ratings on 21 April 2023, while the sovereign rating was kept unchanged at “BB+”, 
highlighting an increased probability of an upgrade to investment grade status in the coming months. 
S&P noted that its decision was based on Greece’s solid progress in structural reforms, the 
accelerating shrinkage of NPLs, the surge in investment and the significant improvement of its fiscal 
position, which have made the country one of EU’s fastest-growing economies (Source: S&P Global 
Ratings, “Greece Outlook Revised To Positive On Improving Fiscal And Structural Reform 
Trajectory; 'BB+/B' Ratings Affirmed” rating report, April 2023). The next planned reviews of 
Greece’s rating are scheduled on 9 June by Fitch, 4 August by Scope, 8 September by DBRS, 15 
September by Moody’s and 20 October by S&P, with 5 out of the 6 international rating agencies 
rating Greece only 1 notch below investment grade. 
Latest developments in 2023 and challenges 
Economic activity in Greece remained on a solid upward trend in 2022 and early-2023, exceeding 
official and private sector expectations. Greece’s GDP growth reached 6.1% year-on-year in 2022, 
strongly outpacing the euro area average (+3.5% year-on-year) for a second consecutive year. The 
higher-than-expected annual growth outturn mainly reflects: i) an upward revision in GDP growth to 
4.4% year-on-year in the third quarter of 2022, from an initial estimate of 2.8% year-on-year, due to 
the significantly decreased drag from energy subsidies; and ii) an acceleration in GDP growth to 5.2% 
year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2022 (+1.4% quarter-on-quarter, on a seasonally adjusted basis), 
driven by buoyant domestic demand (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 4th Quarter 
2022, Press Release, March 2023). 
This recovery was broad-based, with private consumption increasing by a solid 4.2% year-on-year in 
the fourth quarter of 2022 (+7.9% year-on-year, on average, in 2022), on the back of highly 
supportive labor market conditions (labor compensation and employment growth up by 5.5% year-on-
year in 2022, with unemployment rate down to a 13-year low of 12.4%). Investment spending 
accelerated further (14.8% year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 11.6% year-on-year, on 
average, in 2022), with the share of Gross Fixed Capital Formation (“GFCF”) in GDP climbing to 
14.6%, compared to a 10-year average of 11.4%, bolstered by surging construction activity and 
increased investment on transport equipment (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 4th 
Quarter 2022, Press Release, March 2023, ELSTAT, Quarterly Gross Fixed Capital Formation, 4th 
Quarter 2022, Press Release, March 2023 and ELSTAT, Labor Market statistics).  
Residential real estate prices, which account for more than 80% of household wealth, rose by 11.1% 
year-on-year in 2022 (+12.2% year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2022), posting the 5th consecutive 
year of positive growth and recording a cumulative appreciation of nearly 42% between the third 
quarter of 2017 and the fourth quarter of 2022. (Source: Bank of Greece, Real Estate Market 
statistics). Residential construction activity surged by 117% year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2022 
(+36.3% year-on-year, on average, in 2022), contributing more than half of GFCF growth (Source: 
ELSTAT, Quarterly Gross Fixed Capital Formation, 4th Quarter 2022, Press Release, March 2023).  
Profits from entrepreneurial activity and non-labor income – approximated by the economy-wide 
gross operating surplus and mixed income – rose by 14.3% year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2022 
(15.1% year-on-year, on average, in 2022), to the highest level in absolute terms since 2010 (Source: 
ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 4th Quarter 2022, Press Release, March 2023). The buoyancy 
of business profits reflects the adaptability and resilience of the competitive corporate sector to 
sharply rising production costs, combined with strengthened pricing power and favourable demand 
conditions.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Moreover, latest releases of leading and conjunctural indicators of economic activity (namely, 
economic sentiment, manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (“PMI”), industrial and 
manufacturing production, business turnover, tourism arrivals by air, labor force survey data etc.) 
point to significant upside risks to Greece’s economic outlook, at least for the first half of 2023. The 
economic sentiment indicator (“ESI”) picked up to 108.8 in April from 107.0 on average in the first 
quarter of 2023 and 101.6 in the fourth quarter of 2022 (Source: European Commission, Business and 
Consumer Surveys). The manufacturing PMI for Greece re-entered expansion territory – for the first 
time since June 2022 – in February 2023 and reached 52.4 in April, on the back of improving 
operating conditions and greater production, stronger demand, and an easing in production cost 
pressures (Source: S&P Global, Greece Manufacturing PMI, monthly press releases). Similarly, the 
manufacturing production index level climbed to a 14½-year high in March 2023, with its annual 
growth rate remaining in positive territory since May 2022 (Source: ELSTAT, Industrial Production 
Index, March 2023, Press Release, May 2023). Employment increased by 0.5% year-on-year in the 
first three months of 2023, while unemployment rate dropped to 10.8% in the same period from 
12.4%, on average, in 2022 (Source: ELSTAT, Labour Force Survey (Monthly data), March 2023, 
Press Release, May 2023).  
Early signs of tourism activity in 2023 have also been very encouraging. International arrivals in the 
Athens International Airport increased by 54.7% year-on-year in the first four months of 2023, while 
tourism revenue increased by 76.5% (€0.2 billion) year-on-year in the first two months of 2023 
(Sources: Athens International Airport, Passenger Traffic 2023 statistics and Bank of Greece, 
Balance of Payment Statistics). The latest market estimates point to an annual increase in tourism 
revenue of at least 10%.  
Headline inflation in Greece decelerated at a faster pace in March-April 2023, with Consumer Price 
Index (“CPI”) growth slowing to a 1½ year low of 3.0% in April, from 7.2% in December 2022 and a 
peak of 12.1% in June 2022, while the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (“HICP”) declined to 
4.5% compared with 7.0% for the euro area in the same month (Source: ELSTAT, Consumer Price 
Index, April 2023, Press Release, May 2023). This slowing, mainly, reflects the much more favorable 
than previously expected energy price trends, following the all-time highs in oil and natural gas prices 
recorded in June and August 2022, respectively. Nonetheless, developments in the energy front 
remain a key risk factor for inflation and economic conditions in general, despite the recent easing of 
energy prices. Against this backdrop, the Federal Reserve System (“Fed”) and the European Central 
Bank (“ECB”) continued their monetary policy tightening, increasing their benchmark rates by 0.25% 
in early-May 2023, to 3.25% as regards the ECB deposit facility rate and to a range of 5-5.25% 
regarding the Federal funds rate target, indicating that further monetary policy tightening will depend 
on inflation developments and the overall economic and financial conditions. However, Fed and ECB 
official statements signal that we are nearing the end of the hiking cycle, at least in the US (Sources: 
Fed and ECB, Monetary Policy Statements, May 2023). 
The above trends, in conjunction with a stronger-than-previously-expected carryover effect on activity 
growth from 2022, led to an upward revision of the Bank’s estimates for Greece’s GDP growth to 
above 2.5% in 2023, while government and official sector forecasts have also been revised upwards. 
Greece’s Stability Programme for 2023 projects a GDP growth of 2.3% year-on-year, from a Budget 
2023 estimate of 1.8% year-on-year for the same year. The European Commission and IMF revised 
their projections for Greece’s GDP growth to 1.2% and 2.6% year-on-year, respectively, from 
previous estimates of 1.0% and 1.8% (Sources: European Commission, Winter (Interim) Forecasts 
2023, February 2023 and IMF, World Economic Outlook Databases, April 2023 and October 2022). 
Nevertheless, the above estimates are subject to some considerable downside risks, with energy-
related risks and a new upsurge of inflation pressures, in the event of a new escalation of Ukraine 
crisis or a stronger-than-expected increase in global demand and/or supply cuts by major energy 
producers, representing the key risk factors in view of the limited margins for new fiscal 
interventions. The delayed drag on activity and financial conditions from the ongoing monetary policy 
tightening and new incidences of banking system stress since March 2023 in the US and Switzerland

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
could also affect business and banking activity. Furthermore, financial market conditions remain 
volatile, as market participants attempt to assess the final impact of inflation and monetary tightening 
on economic and financial conditions. However, Greece shows less sensitivity to the near-term 
tightening in financial conditions, due to the relatively low leverage of the private sector and the 
unique characteristics of public debt, which are combined with substantial cash buffers of financially 
stronger companies and households, as well as the State. 
A potential recurrence of an energy crisis and/or a new spike in energy prices, due to geopolitical 
tensions or frictions in the implementation of the ambitious energy transition agenda of the EU, could 
weigh on Greece’s economic performance, entailing downward pressures on economic growth, given 
the decreasing capacity for large scale fiscal interventions. The outlook of the economy could weaken 
significantly if geopolitical risks escalate further, at a global or regional level, undermining 
confidence and tourism activity and leading to a deferral of private spending decisions. 
Potential downside risks from the above factors on the private sector’s financial position and asset 
valuations could have an adverse effect on the Group and the financial sector as a whole. For further 
information, see “The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and 
enhance its long-term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of 
reforms may not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the 
Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing 
and legacy effects from multiple sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects” below. 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-
term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not 
lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic 
Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing and legacy 
effects from multiple sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a material adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Over the past decade, the Hellenic Republic has undertaken significant structural measures intended 
to restore competitiveness and promote economic growth in Greece through the financial support 
programmes agreed with the IMF, the ECB, the ESM and the EC (the “Institutions”). A programme 
was initially agreed in May 2010 (the “First Programme”, Source: IMF Country Report No. 10/110, 
May 2010) and was renewed by way of a second economic adjustment programme in March 2012 and 
further amended pursuant to Eurogroup decisions of November 2012 (the “Second Programme”, 
Sources: IMF, Country Report No. 12/57, March 2012, European Commission, Occasional paper on 
Greece March 2012 and Eurogroup Statement on Greece, November 2012). The First Programme and 
the Second Programme established, through related financial facility agreements signed between the 
Hellenic Republic, the participating Eurozone countries, the European Financial Stability Facility 
(“EFSF”) and the IMF, financing intended to fully cover the Hellenic Republic’s external financing 
needs until the end of 2014, conditioned on the implementation of a number of fiscal adjustment 
policies and growth enhancing structural reforms. On 8 December 2014, the Eurogroup announced a 
“technical extension” of the EU side of the Second Programme to the end of February 2015 (Source: 
Eurogroup statement, 8 December 2014). On 20 February 2015, the Eurogroup agreed to a four-
month extension of the Master Financial Assistance Facility Agreement (“MFFA”) underpinning the 
Second Programme (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 20 February 2015). 
On 19 August 2015, the Hellenic Republic entered a MoU with the EC and the ESM for the provision 
of further stability support accompanied by the Third Programme. The Third Programme was 
designed to support a sustainable fiscal consolidation and promote key structural reforms (Source: 
ESM, Press Releases, 20 August 2015). On 21 June 2018, the Eurogroup confirmed the successful 
conclusion of the fourth review and, therefore, the effective completion of the Third Programme, and 
also welcomed the commitment of the Greek authorities to continue with and complete all key

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
reforms adopted under the Third Programme (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 22 June 2018). On 11 
July 2018, following the preceding Eurogroup agreement, the EC adopted the decision on the 
activation of enhanced surveillance for Greece, under Article 2(1) of the EU Regulation 472/2013, for 
a renewable period of six months. The Hellenic Republic officially concluded its three-year ESM 
financial assistance programme on 20 August 2018 (Source: ESM, Press Release, 20 August 2018). 
The Enhanced Surveillance Framework has entered into force, following the Third Programme 
completion on 20 August 2018, and has been designed to support the completion, delivery and 
continuity of reforms that Greece has committed to implement under the Third Programme, ensuring a 
smooth transition of the economy to normalcy and maintaining a high degree of credibility (Source: 
European Commission, Commission Implementing Decision of 11 July 2018 on the activation of 
enhanced surveillance for Greece). 
These remaining reforms are mainly related to the areas of fiscal efficiency, structural reforms, social 
welfare, financial stability, labour and product markets efficiency, privatisation and public 
administration and could impose further constraints on economic activity and could result in weaker 
than initially expected GDP growth outcomes in future years. Despite the completion of the Third 
Programme, the stabilisation of economic activity and the improvement in economic sentiment, the 
financial position of the private sector has been severely impaired by the multi-year recession and the 
COVID-19 pandemic, factors that are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on economic 
conditions in the Hellenic Republic. The last (fourteenth) Enhanced Surveillance Report released in 
May 2022 paved the way for Greece’s official exit from the Enhance Surveillance Procedure in 
August 2022 - however, under the obligation of continuing the structural reforms under the post 
Program monitoring framework along with the national Recovery and Resilience Plan (the “RRP”) - 
while acknowledging Greece’s progress achieved in certain areas and specific commitments that have 
been completed (Sources: European Commission, Enhanced Surveillance Report May 2022 and 
Eurogroup statement on Greece on 17 June 2022). However, a new increase in uncertainty, in the 
event that Greece deviates from its fiscal and reform targets agreed under the EU’s government 
mechanisms and in the context of the RRF, as well as unexpected downside pressures on economic 
activity and the private sector’s financial position due to ongoing inflation pressures and lagged 
effects of previous crises, could have a material adverse impact on the Bank’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects.  
Moreover, if the benefits from the significant economic adjustment and structural reforms to Greece’s 
economic performance are smaller-than-initially-expected, and/or the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic and/or the ongoing energy/inflation crisis and geopolitical turbulence are more protracted 
than currently envisaged and extend beyond 2023, they could further weaken Greece’s fiscal position, 
weigh on sovereign risk premia and on banking system performance, including the performance of the 
Group, and create uncertainties, bringing forward the need for additional interventions for public debt. 
Conditions in the banking sector  
The Greek sovereign debt crisis had a substantial impact on the real economy and the Greek banking 
sector, leading to a multi-year deleveraging – in the period 2008-2017 credit to private sector growth 
declined by 26.3% cumulatively – and a sharp contraction of private sector deposits (by €97.3 billion 
between 2008 and 2017). However, clear signs of improvement started to show from 2018 onwards, 
with credit growth stabilizing and entering positive territory since mid-2020 and private sector 
deposits returning on an upward trend. Bank credit to corporations increased by 0.9% per annum, on 
average, in 2018-2019 and private sector deposits by €16.9 billion cumulatively in the same period. 
Notably, the banking system showed remarkable resilience to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 
2021. In fact, credit to the corporate sector recorded its strongest expansion since the beginning of the 
Greek crisis in 2009, with the annual credit growth to non-financial corporations at 10.0% in 2020, 
3.7% in 2021, 11.8% in 2022 and 10.6% in the first quarter of 2023, corresponding to a cumulative 
net flow of lending of €15.8 billion over this period. Total annual credit growth to the private sector 
has been more subdued at 3.5% in 2020, 1.4% in 2021, 6.3% in 2022 and 5.1% in the first quarter of

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
2023, due to the continuing deleveraging in the household sector (Source: Bank of Greece, Monetary 
and Banking Statistics). 
Private sector deposits recorded an impressive increase of €45.3 billion between 2020-2022, with 
corporate deposits increasing by €20.7 billion and household deposits by €24.6 billion in this period 
(Source: Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking Statistics). Notably, the increase in deposits is, 
mainly, attributed to: i) the cash accumulation of the more competitive and resilient firms, which 
experienced a rapid increase in their turnover; ii) lower outflows, due to the debt moratoria and the tax 
deferrals in 2020-21 but also permanent tax reductions; iii) supportive labour market conditions, with 
average employment growth at 5.9% year-on-year in 2021 and 5.4% year-on-year in 2022 and private 
sector disposable income growth at 9.7% year-on-year in 2021 and 11.9% year-on-year in 2022 
(Sources: ELSTAT, Labour Force Survey database and ELSTAT, Quarterly Non-Financial Sector 
Accounts database); iv) the extension of credit lines to corporates; and v) the diffusion of liquidity 
related to State support measures, EU funding and accelerating Foreign Direct Investment (“FDI”) 
inflows. However, in the first quarter of 2023 private sector deposits declined slightly, by €3.7 billion, 
with corporate deposits decreasing by €2.8 billion and household deposits by €0.9 billion (Source: 
Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking Statistics). 
NPLs rose sharply during the multi-year crisis, with the NPL ratio peaking at 49.1% in the first half of 
2017 and starting to gradually decline since 2018, reaching single-digit ratio as percent of total loans 
in end-2022, on the back of synchronised bank efforts and government support through the provision 
of guarantees to loan securitisations. Greek banks have securitised or sold NPLs in recent years 
reducing total NPL ratio by about 40% from the 2017 peak, to 8.7% in the first semester of 2022. The 
progress has been supported by the activation of the state-sponsored Hellenic Asset Protection 
Scheme (“Hercules”), which provided government guarantees for the senior tranches of the bank’s 
NPEs securitisations with an upper limit of guarantees of €12 billion on the senior tranches of 
securitisations. In April 2021, this Scheme was extended until October 2022, under the “Hercules II” 
programme, with the provision of another €12 billion of guarantees on the senior tranches of 
securitisations, in order to speed up the final phase of clearance of bank portfolios (Source: Hellenic 
Financial Stability Fund). 
However, adverse legacy effects and the challenges surrounding the successful workout of the NPLs 
transferred to NPL-servicing companies will continue to affect banking activity. The financial 
position of a significant share of households and enterprises remains fragile and has been further 
stressed by COVID-19, surging energy prices and high inflation, despite the significant State support. 
Although the impact of the COVID-19 crisis and the still evolving inflation and energy crisis on the 
private sector’s debt servicing behaviour remains limited, with most debtors – even those that take 
advantage of temporary relief schemes – servicing their debt in 2021, the legacy effects of the multi-
year crisis continue to weigh on the financing position of a significant part of private sector entities. 
Despite the rapid pace of disposals of NPLs by Greek banks and the concomitant significant reduction 
of the NPL ratio, the amount of impaired assets and the number of overleveraged entities remain 
significantly higher than the euro area average at an economy-wide level if take into account the total 
amount of obligations of the private sector towards the State, the banking sector, loan servicing 
companies and B2B exposures. The above factors, in conjunction with the sizeable stock of private 
sector tax and social security contribution arrears, as well as the relatively low private saving rate – 
compared to other euro area countries – impose additional risks on banking activity and portfolio 
quality. All these entities are unlikely to face a rapid improvement in their creditworthiness and 
liquidity position in the near term and by delaying or cancelling potential spending decisions will 
continue to slow the recovery process of the economy and impede the recovery of asset valuations. 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and could lead to a higher cost of funding or the inability of the Bank to raise 
capital.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
The ability of the Hellenic Republic to service its outstanding debt depends on a variety of factors, 
including the overall health of the Greek economy, the GDP growth rate that can be achieved in future 
years, the maintenance of sound fiscal and current account positions and the provision by the official 
lenders of additional concessions for lowering debt-servicing costs. The extraordinary reversal of the 
fiscal position as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting deep recession led to a 
significant deterioration in Government deficit and debt figures in 2020, which was, however, 
reversed in the course of 2021 and 2022. On that note, the General Government primary balance 
recorded a deficit of 4.7% of GDP in 2021, but returned to a small surplus of 0.1% of GDP in 2022 
(Source: ELSTAT, Fiscal Data, April 2023), with the Greek government anticipating an ever larger 
primary surplus of 1.1% of GDP in 2023 (Source: Ministry of Finance, MTFS Programme 2023-
2026, May 2023). Nonetheless, ongoing geopolitical tensions, persistent underlying inflation and 
structural energy challenges (including energy transition risks and adjustment to the ambitious EU 
climate agenda), as well as the rapid monetary policy tightening by central banks, increase the 
probability of lower trend GDP growth in the Euro area in 2023 and beyond, accompanied by more 
volatile financing market conditions due to increased levels of public and private debt worldwide. In 
the event of the re-emergence of the need for an additional restructuring of the Hellenic Republic’s 
debt, owing to adverse conditions arising from the foregoing or other influences, the Bank’s 
regulatory capital would be severely affected due to its direct exposure to Hellenic Republic debt as 
well as due to the indirect effects of the credit event on the Bank’s borrowers (and thus asset quality) 
and on investor confidence, requiring the Bank to raise additional capital. In addition, if the Hellenic 
Republic were to default on its debt obligations to the Bank, the latter could suffer losses and require 
further capital. There can be no assurance that, under the above-described stress conditions, the Bank 
could raise any or all of the required additional capital on acceptable terms. 
The Bank’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected 
by, and there may be further material adverse consequences to the Group of, any future downgrades 
of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating. 
The capacity of the Hellenic Republic to maintain continuous access to market financing at 
competitive costs is an important element of Greece’s economic and financial recovery and will be 
closely related to the financial conditions of the private sector in the coming years. The terms of this 
access remain also dependent on international economic conditions and sources of financial risk, as 
well as on the prospective path of domestic disposable income and Greek asset valuations. As 
acknowledged by all major rating agencies, the significant size of the Greek State’s cash buffer, along 
with the very long maturity of the debt and affordable debt-servicing terms, offset the risks from the 
temporary increase in the debt ratio to GDP due to the COVID-19 shock. On that note and in response 
to the remarkable progress in fiscal adjustment and macroeconomic recovery, the distance of the 
Hellenic Republic’s rating from the investment grade territory has been narrowed to 1 notch by S&P, 
Fitch, Scope and DBRS and to 3 notches by Moody’s away from investment grade. In particular, S&P 
Global Ratings affirmed Greece’s long-term sovereign rating at “BB+”, chancing its outlook from 
stable to positive on 21 April 2023, highlighting an increased probability of an upgrade to investment 
grade status in the coming months, if fiscal discipline and the pace of structural reforms are 
maintained. In addition, Fitch Ratings upgraded Greece’s credit rating to “BB+” with a stable outlook, 
on 30 January 2023, while Moody’s Ratings and DBRS Morningstar affirmed Greece’s long-term 
sovereign ratings at “Ba3” changing its outlook to positive from stable, on 17 March 2023, 
recognising the country’s economic resilience and fiscal and debt sustainability, despite the increasing 
global risks (Sources: S&P Ratings, Fitch Global Ratings and Moody’s press releases on Greek 
Sovereign outlook). Nevertheless, there are still considerable uncertainties surrounding the 
prospective pace of improvement in the country’s sovereign rating, which is also closely related to the 
private sector’s creditworthiness. 
The rating agencies note that the probability of new downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s rating 
could re-appear in the event of an emergence of doubts about the country’s commitment to 
maintaining a sound fiscal position and in case of the country’s failure to reduce government debt as a 
percentage of GDP over the short term, in the event of, for example, a more pronounced and longer

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
period of fiscal easing and weak economic performance. A stabilisation or even a downgrade of the 
Hellenic Republic’s rating may also occur if official sector lenders waiver from their commitment to 
conditionally provide further relief to the Hellenic Republic’s debt servicing costs over a medium-to-
long term horizon, if needed, in the future, as the activation or not of this package is conditional on 
the debt sustainability review planned at the end of the extended grace period on the specific part of 
the EFSF loans in 2032 (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 24 May 2018). Moreover, in their latest 
assessments of the Greek economy, the rating agencies refer to downside risks, such as the possibility 
that the budgetary performance to deviate significantly and negatively from the anticipated, as well as 
external imbalances, such as a worse-than-expected current account deficit, and the event a more 
pessimistic downside scenarios for the global economy materializes. 
Should any downgrades occur or rating outlooks turn negative, the financing costs of the Hellenic 
Republic would increase and its access to market financing could be disrupted, with negative effects 
on the cost of capital for Greek banks (including the Bank) and the Bank’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating could also 
result in a corresponding downgrade in the Bank’s credit rating and, as a result, increase wholesale 
borrowing costs and the Bank’s access to liquidity. 
A material outflow of customer deposits, particularly retail deposits, an inability to attract new 
deposits, or an inability to contain the cost of deposits over time, could materially impact the Group’s 
liquidity position and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results and financial 
condition. 
Historically, the Group’s principal source of funds has been customer deposits. Since the Group relies 
on customer deposits for the majority of its funding, if its depositors withdraw their funds at a rate 
faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, or if the Group is unable to obtain the 
necessary liquidity by increasing its funding under the facilities of the ECB and/or the capital markets, 
it may be unable to maintain its current levels of liquidity without incurring significantly higher 
funding costs or having to liquidate certain of its assets, or without resorting to funding from the Bank 
of Greece and the ECB under emergency liquidity assistance schemes. Although the Group’s 
domestic deposits stabilised in 2016, followed by an increasing trend from 2017 to 2022 there can be 
no assurance that outflows will not occur in the future. 
The on-going availability of customer deposits to fund the Group is subject to changes due to factors 
outside its control, such as significant deterioration in economic conditions in Greece, depositors’ 
concerns relating to the Greek economy, the financial services industry or the Bank specifically. Any 
loss in customer confidence in the Group’s banking businesses, or the banking sector in general, could 
significantly increase the amount of customer deposit withdrawals and increase the cost of deposits 
and the overall cost of funding in a short period. 
Any of these factors separately or in combination could lead to a sustained reduction in the Group’s 
ability to access deposit funding in the future and significantly higher funding costs, which would 
impact the Group’s ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements and 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.  
The phasing out of the pandemic collateral easing measures and potential changes in the collateral 
acceptance rules for Greek Government Bonds may have a material impact on the Group’s liquidity. 
The ECB adopted in April 2020 a package of temporary collateral easing measures to facilitate the 
availability of eligible collateral for Eurosystem counterparties to participate in liquidity-providing 
operations, such as the targeted longer-term refinancing operations (“TLTRO-III”), as a response to 
the coronavirus emergency. The measures collectively support the provision of bank lending. This has 
been achieved through:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
the expansion of the additional credit claims (the “ACCs”) frameworks. The ACC 
frameworks provide the possibility for National Central Banks to enlarge the scope of eligible 
credit claims for counterparties in their jurisdictions. This includes the possibility to accept 
loans with lower credit quality, loans to other types of debtors, not accepted in the ECB’s 
general framework, and foreign-currency loans; 
 
 
a waiver of the minimum credit quality requirement for marketable debt instruments issued by 
the Hellenic Republic for acceptance as collateral in Eurosystem credit operations; and 
 
 
a general reduction of collateral valuation haircuts by a fixed factor of 20%. 
 
The ECB decided on March 2022, to gradually phase out these measures and gradually restore 
Eurosystem’s pre-pandemic risk tolerance. From July 2022, the ECB halved the temporary reduction 
in collateral valuation haircuts across all assets from the current 20% adjustment to 10%. In June 2023 
the ECB expects to implement a new valuation haircut schedule based on its pre-pandemic risk 
tolerance level for credit operations, phasing out the remaining general 10% reduction in collateral 
valuation haircuts. In March 2024 the ECB will in principle phase out the remaining pandemic 
collateral easing measures related to ACC frameworks, following a comprehensive review. 
Notwithstanding the above, the ECB has decided to continue to accept as eligible collateral GGBs that 
do not satisfy the Eurosystem’s minimum credit quality requirements but fulfil all other applicable 
eligibility criteria, for at least as long as reinvestments in GGBs under the PEPP continue, currently 
defined as at least until the end of 2024. 
If the ECB were to revise their respective collateral standards and remove GGBs from being accepted 
as eligible collateral, the Group’s access to the ECB’s liquidity-providing operations could be 
adversely affected, as the amount of funding available from the ECB is tied to the collateral the Group 
has provided. In addition, if the ECB were to revise collateral haircuts and the value of the Group’s 
eligible assets declined, then the amount of funding the Group can obtain from the ECB would be 
proportionally limited. Increases in past due loans will also negatively affect the available collateral 
used for funding purposes (see also “Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for 
Eurosystem funding purposes” below). 
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes. 
A substantial portion of the Group’s loans and advances to corporate and individual borrowers are 
secured by collateral such as real estate, securities, vessels, term deposits and receivables. In 
particular, as mortgage loans are one of the Group’s principal assets, the Group is currently highly 
exposed to developments in the real estate markets, especially in Greece. The Greek real estate 
market has shown increasing signs of revival since 2018, with residential valuations posting further 
increases of 7.2% year-on-year in 2019, 4.5% year-on-year in 2020 despite the pandemic, 7.6% year-
on-year in 2021 and 11.1% year-on-year in 2022, while prices of prime commercial spaces (average 
of retail and office prices) increased by 3.1%, on average, in 2019-2021 and by 2.8% year-on-year in 
the first half of 2022 (Sources: Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). Notably, the Athens area 
continued to outperform the market average with prices increasing by 10.2% on average per annum in 
2020-2022 compared to 7.7%, respectively, for the market average. House prices have appreciated in 
the fourth quarter of 2022 by 41.8% from their lowest point in the third quarter of 2017, while prices 
in the region of Athens have risen by 60.4% from their lowest point in the first quarter of 2017 
(Source: Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). The resilience of the real estate market reflects the 
support from pent-up demand and limited supply of new buildings, which has been buoyed by a 
reactivation demand from abroad in 2021-22 – including indirect effects of revived tourism on 
demand for short-term renting as well as though outright purchases by non-residents. Construction

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
activity started to respond to rising demand, increasing by 3.9% year-on-year in 2020, 14.7% year-on-
year in 2021 and 24.6% year-on-year in 2022 on the back of higher residential construction and public 
works activity (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 4th Quarter 2022, Press Release, 
March 2023). 
Accordingly, downside risks remain considerable given a still sizeable backlog of unsold houses and 
relatively high effective tax burden, despite a significant reduction in the unified property tax 
(“ENFIA”) in 2019 and 2022 and a further suspension of the VAT rate on new buildings and of the 
capital gains tax rate on property that is currently proposed until 2024. 
Downside risks mainly related to the scarring effects of the pandemic and to the evolving inflation 
shock and the concomitant increase in interest rates on mortgage loans, which could lead to a 
persistent difference in the speed of the recovery, weighing on the private sector’s financial position 
and economic sentiment. These developments could lead to a deterioration of economic and business 
conditions in sectors and activities in which the Group’s borrowers operate or in the market of the 
collateral, which may result in the value of collateral falling below the outstanding principal balance 
for some loans. A decline in the value of collateral or the Group’s ability to obtain additional 
collateral, may require the Group to establish additional allowance for loan losses. 
The value of assets collateralising the Group’s secured loans, including residential and other real 
estate, remains highly sensitive in the event of re-emergence of pressure on real estate valuations. In 
the scenario of a re-emergence of pressure on real estate market activity and valuations, the financial 
performance and creditworthiness of the Group’s borrowers could worsen and an increase in the level 
of the Group’s past-due loans could occur, having a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
An increase in financial market volatility or adverse changes in the marketability of the Group’s assets 
could impair the Group’s ability to value certain of its assets and exposures. The value the Group 
ultimately realises will depend on the fair value determined at that time and may be materially 
different from current value. Any decrease in the value of such assets and exposures could require the 
Group to realise additional impairment charges, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations, as well as its capital adequacy. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank’s capital will be sufficient, in particular if economic 
conditions in Greece do not improve or if they deteriorate further. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank will not require further capital in future periods in order to 
continue to meet its capital adequacy requirements (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece – EU-wide stress test 2023”).  
The potential deterioration in the credit quality of the Group's assets as a result of the economic 
implications from the COVID-19 crisis, may exceed current expectations, lead to additional 
impairments in the future which may result in higher losses than currently anticipated, or the 
regulators may otherwise increase their Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) asset 
quality requirements for the Group. Any of these consequences may in turn generate the need for the 
Group to raise additional capital. 
Further to the above, the four systemic Banks in Greece (Alpha Bank, the Bank, Eurobank and 
Piraeus Bank) on 31 July 2018 entered into a servicing agreement with a credit institution specialised 
in the servicing of NPLs, doBank S.p.A (“doBank”). This agreement is part of the strategic 
framework of the Greek systemic banks to reduce their NPEs by protecting the viability of small and 
medium sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and supporting the recovery of the Greek economy. 
To the extent that part of the NPE decrease is achieved through sales of loans at prices below their net 
carrying amount, the Group may recognise additional charges in such periods. If the levels of

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
additional charges are significant, the Group could be required to raise additional capital to absorb any 
losses. 
Furthermore, the Group anticipates that stress tests or other supervisory exercises analysing the 
strength and resilience of the European banking sector will continue to be carried out by national and 
supranational supervisory authorities in future periods. (See also “Regulation and Supervision of 
Banks in Greece – EU-wide stress test 2023” below).  
Loss of confidence in the European banking sector following the announcement of any future stress 
tests, a market perception that any such tests are not sufficiently rigorous, or capital shortfalls 
identified by such stress tests or by any other supervisory exercises that assess the classification and 
provisioning practices applied by the Group, could also have a negative effect on the Group's 
operations and financial condition. Furthermore, the results of any stress tests or other supervisory 
exercises may result in a requirement for the Group to raise additional capital. 
There is uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a “going concern”. 
The going concern basis of the Bank is dependent on the profitability, the Group’s CET1 ratio 
exceeding the Overall Capital Requirements (“OCR”), the access to the Eurosystem facilities and 
recent developments regarding the Greek economy, including the latest estimates regarding 
macroeconomic indicators and the measures that have been adopted from 2020 in order to provide 
support to the European banking system and to the Greek economy in dealing with COVID-19. More 
specifically, Management concluded that the Bank is a going concern and that the application of the 
going concern principle for the preparation of the Three Months 2023 Financial Statements (as 
defined below) is appropriate after considering (a) the significant recurring profitability of the Group, 
(b) the significant collateral buffer and Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (“NSFR”) which is well above 100% (c) the current level of European Central Bank (“ECB”) 
funding solely from Targeted Long-term Refinancing Operations (“TLTROs”) (d) the Group’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio at 31 March 2023 which exceeded the OCR, (e) the increasing 
support from the Recovery and Resilience Facility (“RRF”), (f) the activation of new fiscal measures 
in response to pressures from increased inflation and (g) the Group’s insignificant exposure to Russia 
and the Ukraine and Management’s actions with respect to the crisis. 
Greek economy is expected to outperform the euro area in the baseline scenario for 2023, on the back 
of: i) stronger carryover effects from its solid economic growth momentum in 2022; ii) a more 
defensive position in the credit cycle, with the business sector hardened by multiyear restructurings 
and exhibiting lower leverage levels and sizeable liquidity buffers, fueled further by significant 2022 
activity; and iii) increasing support from the RRF, with inflows (i.e. grants and loans, excluding 
leverage), according to the European Commission, estimated at €11.1 billion in 2021 – Feb 2023, 
providing a significant boost to fixed capital investment in 2023. 
More specifically, the strong economic recovery bolstered the fiscal performance, despite the cost of 
additional energy support measures. Fiscal data for 2019-2022 (announced by the Hellenic Statistical 
Authority (“ELSTAT”) on 21 April 2023) showed that the General Government achieved a marginal 
primary fiscal surplus of 0.1% of GDP in 2022 (according to the European System of National and 
Regional Accounts (“ESA”) 2010 definition), overperforming the State Budget 2023 estimate for a 
primary deficit of 1.6% of GDP in 2022 and following a downwardly revised primary deficit of 4.7% 
of GDP in 2021. For 2023, the State Budget targets to a higher primary surplus of 0.7% of GDP, with 
increasing margin for a new overperformance. Moreover, Greece’s public debt as per cent of GDP 
recorded for a second consecutive year an outstanding annual decline in 2022 (-23.3 pps), dropping to 
171.3% of GDP – the lowest ratio since 2012 – from 194.6% in 2021 and 206.3% in 2020, and is 
expected to decline further in 2023. 
Headline inflation decelerated at a faster pace in March 2023, with Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) 
growth slowing to a 17-month low of 4.6% y-o-y, from 7.2% in December 2022 and a peak of 12.1% 
in June 2022. This slowing mainly reflects favorable base effects on energy prices with petrol, heating

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
oil and electricity prices subtracting 3.0 pps from the annual change of CPI. These trends also remain 
in line with the respective NBG estimates, pointing to an average annual inflation rate of 4-4.5% in 
FY.2023. 
Moreover, available information from high-frequency leading and conjunctural indicators (economic 
sentiment, manufacturing production growth, manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (“PMI”)) 
showed signs of strengthened activity in q-o-q terms in 1Q.2023. Employment increased by 0.8% y-o-
y in 2M.2023, whereas unemployment rate dropped to c. 11% in the same period from 12.4%, on 
average, in FY.2022. Early signs of tourism activity in 2023 have also been very encouraging. 
International arrivals in the Athens International Airport increased by 70.6% y-o-y in 1Q.2023, while 
tourism revenue increased by 76.5% (€0.2 billion) y-o-y in 2M.2023. The latest market estimates 
point to an annual increase in tourism revenue of at least 10%. 
The stronger-than-expected GDP outcome in 2022 and robust signs from leading and conjunctural 
indicators, along with an upward revision in forecasts of economic growth in the euro area by the 
ECB, point to an increasing probability that the GDP growth forecast of 2.0% y-o-y, which underpins 
the NBG baseline macroeconomic scenario for FY.2023, will be exceeded. 
Nonetheless, the above estimates are subject to some considerable downside risks, which may create 
uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a going concern, such as: 
 
A potential recurrence of energy crisis and/or a new spike in energy prices due to revived 
international demand, which could bring the Greek economy to a disadvantaged position, 
entailing additional downward pressures on economic growth, given the decreasing capacity 
for large scale fiscal interventions.  
 
Similarly, a slower-than-expected easing of inflation pressures globally, would prompt an 
even more aggressive monetary policy tightening, giving rise to stronger recessionary and 
financial headwinds, weighing on fiscal capacity and weakening private investment spending.  
 
The negative impact on activity from the ongoing monetary policy tightening worldwide and 
the incidences of banking sector turbulence in March 2023 (Silicon Valley Bank, Credit 
Suisse) is likely to become evident with a time lag. However, Greece shows less sensitivity to 
the near-term tightening in financial conditions, due to the relatively low leverage of the 
private sector and the unique characteristics of public debt, which are combined with 
substantial cash buffers of financially stronger companies and households, as well as the 
State.  
 
The outlook of the economy could weaken significantly if geopolitical risks escalate further, 
at a global or regional level, undermining confidence and tourism activity and leading to a 
deferral of private spending decisions.  
For additional information on the going concern analysis carried out by the Bank, please refer to 
“Note 2.2: Going concern” of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, “Note 2.2: Going concern” of 
the March 2023 Interim Financial Statements, each of which is incorporated by reference herein. 
If the Bank were to assess that the upcoming financial statements could not be prepared on a going-
concern basis, whether as a result of the considerations discussed above, or due to new considerations 
or risks, such event would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects and the ability of the Bank to meet its payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Risks Relating to the Bank’s Recapitalisation and Receipt of State Aid 
As a recipient of state aid, the Bank’s operational autonomy is constrained. 
As a result of recapitalisations in 2013 and 2015, each of which included State Aid within the 
meaning of applicable EU legislation, and in order for the HFSF to fulfil its objectives under the 
HFSF Law (as defined below), exercise its rights and obligations and comply with the commitments

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
undertaken through the Financial Assistance Facility Agreement (“FFA”) signed on 19 August 2015 
by and between the ESM, the Hellenic Republic, the Bank of Greece and the HFSF and the MoU 
signed on 19 August 2015 between the ESM, on behalf of the European Commission, the Hellenic 
Republic and the Bank of Greece, the HFSF and the Bank entered into a revised relationship 
framework agreement dated 3 December 2015 (the “Relationship Framework Agreement”), which 
amended the initial relationship framework agreement dated 10 July 2013 between the Bank and the 
HFSF. The Relationship Framework Agreement applies in alignment with the Greek law 3864/2010 
as amended and in force (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece—The Hellenic 
Financial Stability Fund—The Greek Recapitalisation Framework–Relationship Framework 
Agreement” below). 
Under European State Aid rules, the Bank had undertaken certain commitments, among others, setting 
out restrictions, as well as certain procedures that the Bank had to follow (the “Commitments”) and 
in 2015 submitted a Revised Restructuring Plan which was approved by the Directorate General for 
Competition on 4 December 2015 (the “Revised Restructuring Plan”). On 10 May 2019, the 
Directorate General for Competition of the European Commission approved the Bank’s 2019 Revised 
Restructuring Plan (as defined in “Description of the Group – History and Development of the Group 
– 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”) and, together with the 2015 Revised Restructuring Plan, the 
Revised Restructuring Plans and each a Revised Restructuring Plan.  
Furthermore, the Commitments of the Hellenic Republic towards the European Commission also 
provided for the appointment of a monitoring trustee (the “Monitoring Trustee”) for each bank under 
restructuring, including the Bank. The Monitoring Trustee acted on behalf of the European 
Commission and aimed to ensure the compliance of the Bank with such Commitments and oversaw 
the implementation of restructuring plans and the Bank’s compliance with the applicable State Aid 
rules. As communicated by Directorate General for Competition in June 2022, the restructuring period 
and the mandate of the Monitoring Trustee for NBG has ended, as NBG complied with its 
commitments with the exception of the run-off of NBG Egypt. It is noted that the size of asset 
deleveraging remaining in NBG Egypt is very limited compared to the overall assets NBG 
deleveraged, and that NBG exceeded the overall level of deleveraging required by the commitments 
of its Restructuring Plan. The effort to complete the wind-down of NBG Egypt is in progress (See 
also p. 17-18 of the 31 December 2022 Group and Bank Annual Financial Report – “2019 Revised 
Restructuring Plan”, as incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (“HFSF”), as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the 
operation of the Bank and has, and will continue to have, the ability to exercise significant influence 
over the Group’s operations. 
Under the Relationship Framework Agreement governing the relationship between the Bank and the 
HFSF, the HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Bank. Although 
the Relationship Framework Agreement provides that the Bank’s decision making bodies will 
continue to determine independently, among other things, the veto powers held by the HFSF 
representative appointed to the Board of Directors (appointed since June 2012 pursuant to Greek law 
3864/2010) restrict to a certain extent the discretion of the Bank’s management. Accordingly, as a 
result of the Bank’s participation in recapitalization programmes, the HFSF is able to exercise on 
certain matters significant influence over the operations of the Bank (see “Regulation and Supervision 
of Banks in Greece”). 
Pursuant to the provisions of the HFSF Law and the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF’s 
appointed representative has powers to veto key corporate decisions of the Bank. 
In addition to the provisions of the HFSF Law, and pursuant to the Relationship Framework 
Agreement, the HFSF free access to credit institutions books and records is restricted only to 
information needed for the purpose of the divestment of the HFSF’s holding in the Bank. 
Additionally, as prescribed by the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF representative shall

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
be appointed as member of all Board Committees, while the HFSF observer (who participates in the 
Board without voting rights) will also be appointed in all Committees.  
Consequently, there is a risk that the HFSF may exercise the rights it has to exert influence over the 
Bank and may disagree with certain of the Bank’s decisions relating to, dividend distributions, 
benefits policies which will ultimately limit the Group’s operational flexibility. 
As at 19 June 2023, the HFSF holds 369,468,775 common shares with voting rights, representing 
40.39% of the Bank’s share capital. See “Description of the Group – Major Shareholders – Common 
Shares” below.  
Risks relating to the Group’s Business 
The Group may not be able to meet its NPE targets for the period 2023-2025, which may have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s operations and business. 
From December 2015 to December 2022, the Group achieved a decrease of €22.6 billion of the NPE 
stock through a combination of organic and inorganic actions, with Group NPE stock as of 31 
December 2022 at €1.8 billion. Similarly, the NPE ratio dropped from 46.8% to 5.2% post to NPE 
securitisations (Project “Frontier” derecognition) and in 2022 the Project “Frontier II” classification as 
Held for Sale. More specifically, NPE reduction continued in 2022, with the stock of domestic NPEs 
reduced further by €0.5 billion to €1.6 billion, reflecting mainly inorganic actions. Domestic NPE 
ratio dropped by c. 180 basis points (“bps”) to 5.1% in 4Q.22, with NPE coverage at 88.4% from 
77.5% in 4Q.21. International NPE ratio and coverage in 4Q.22 settled at 7.6% and 73.7%, 
respectively. Furthermore, as per the regular ECB calendar, the revised NPE targets for the 2023-2025 
period were submitted to the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”) on 31 March 2023. 
However, if geopolitical risks escalate further, a potential recurrence of energy crisis and/or a new 
spike in energy prices due to revived international demand, the negative impact on activity from the 
ongoing monetary policy tightening worldwide and the incidences of banking sector turbulence in 
March 2023 (Silicon Valley Bank, Credit Suisse), as well as adverse macroeconomic conditions in the 
countries in which the Group operates may result in adverse effects on the credit quality of the 
Group’s borrowers, leading to delinquencies and defaults (see also “Our business may indirectly be 
impacted by the war between Russia and Ukraine”, “Persistent inflation pressures, compounded by a 
looming energy crisis and expectations of a significant deterioration in economic conditions 
worldwide, may have an adverse effect on our business”). Since a major part of legacy NPEs has been 
managed, the evolution of the NPE balance and ratio going forward is primarily dependent on the 
containment of new NPE formation, driven by the performing book asset quality and the performance 
of already restructured facilities. The level of the future NPE formation is considered to be highly 
correlated with the evolution of the risks already described.  Future provisions for NPEs could have a 
materially adverse effect on the Group’s profitability. Also, Group's failure to reduce its NPE levels 
on a timely basis, or in its entirety, or on the terms that it currently expects, could adversely affect its 
financial condition, capital adequacy and operating results. 
Regulation regarding the bankruptcy of individuals, creditors' rights and further protective measures 
related to the COVID-19 pandemic may limit the Group's ability to collect receivables on NPEs, and 
lead to an additional impairments. 
Pursuant to the previously applicable regime under Greek law 3869/2010, as amended and in force, 
individuals who were in a state of permanent inability to pay their debts not attributable to wilful 
misconduct, had the ability to adjust their debts and could be released from a portion of such debts 
through filing of an application to the competent court Greek law 4738/2020 has established, inter 
alia, a special regime for protecting main residences of eligible individuals who are considered to be 
vulnerable distressed debtors and a business debt settlement mechanism (see “Settlement of Amounts 
Due by Indebted Individuals” and “Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral” under

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece”). At 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2022, 18,585 
and 21,077NBG customers (excluding held for sale) that had applied to the court under the provisions 
of Greek law 3869/2010 had outstanding balances of EUR 471 million and EUR 634 million, 
respectively.In addition, the Group may not be able to enforce certain collateral in enforcement 
proceedings for real estate used as the main residence of the debtors, subject to certain conditions as 
described in “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece—Restrictions on Enforcement of 
Granted Collateral”. Future provisions for NPEs could have a materially adverse effect on the 
Group’s profitability. 
The COVID-19 outbreak is still an existing risk and the Bank is unable to predict the ultimate impact 
from COVID-19 on the results of operations, prospects, financial condition and business of the Group 
in future periods. The financial strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have been and are 
expected to continue to be extensive in the Group’s markets, and deteriorating financial conditions in 
Greece have led to an increase, and will likely lead to further increases, in the Group’s credit 
impairments. Moreover, notwithstanding the efforts of the Greek government and the EU to address 
the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, uncertainty remains with regards to the extent and 
timing of the Greek and/or global economic recovery to pre-COVID-19 levels. The situation caused 
by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess, and the situation is changing rapidly. In any case, any 
potential change in the regulatory framework could result in an increase of future provisions, the need 
for additional capital, the classification of loans and exposures as “non-performing” and a 
corresponding significant decrease in the Group's revenue, which could materially and adversely 
affect its financial position, capital adequacy and results of operations.  
Our business may indirectly be impacted by the war between Russia and Ukraine.  
On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, leading to an upsurge in geopolitical uncertainty and 
putting severe pressure on energy and non-energy market conditions. Rapidly rising energy and food 
prices were combined with already existing supply-side inflation pressures that followed the COVID-
19 recovery and prompted monetary authorities to adopt a more restrictive stance. Despite the 
activation of new fiscal measures to cushion the spike in inflation, and especially its energy-related 
aspects, this combination of adverse developments started to weigh on economic conditions and the 
sentiment of business and households since the second half of 2022. However, energy saving 
measures, favourable weather conditions, increasing differentiation of energy supply sources and 
stronger-than-expected tourism activity, cushioned the impact of accelerating inflation on economic 
conditions in EU as well as in Greece. In this respect, global inflation started to show signs of slowing 
in the first months of 2023. Nonetheless, risks remain elevated as the war in Ukraine continues, while 
geopolitical uncertainty remains high and new energy-related risks or larger threats to global 
economic and geopolitical stability could emerge in the event of a further escalation of the Ukraine 
crisis. The invasion has also escalated tensions between Russia and the U.S., NATO, the EU and the 
UK. The U.S. has imposed, and is likely to further impose, material, financial and economic sanctions 
and export controls against certain Russian organizations and/or individuals, with similar actions 
implemented by the EU and the UK and other jurisdictions. In 2022 and the first months of 2023, the 
U.S., the EU and the UK, each imposed packages of financial and economic sanctions that, in various 
ways, constrain transactions with numerous Russian entities and individuals; transactions in Russian 
sovereign debt; investment, trade and financing to and from certain regions of Ukraine as well as in 
trade of energy products and some non-energy commodities.  
The Group has taken all necessary measures to comply with sanctions imposed by the competent 
authorities. Management is closely monitoring the developments and periodically assessing the 
impact that these may have on the Group’s operations and financial position. The Group has no 
significant exposure in securities, interbank transactions (secured or unsecured), derivatives, or 
commercial transactions, related to Russia or Ukraine, or to the Ruble, or with any Bank or subsidiary 
that is domiciled in these countries. The Group also examined any indirect exposure through its 
corporate loan portfolio. As a result of the Ukrainian crisis, the expected impact from first order 
effects on the underlying obligors was deemed immaterial. However, although the direct economic

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
exposure of the Greek economy to the crisis zone (Russia, Ukraine) remains comparably low, the 
energy factor represents a significant risk for economic growth in Greece and the Euro area as a 
whole, whereas a prolonged increase in geostrategic threats could impose significant pressures on the 
performance of other sectors of economic activity, including tourism. Moreover, additional and 
unexpected geopolitical and financial shocks could increase risk aversion, leading to a deferral of 
private spending decisions, especially for new investment on fixed capital, and could also put 
downward pressure on collateral values, having an adverse effect on the Group’s business and results 
of operations. The ongoing tightening of monetary policy, with ECB increasing its main policy rates 
by 3.75 percentage points between July 2022 and May 2023, and the reversal of extraordinary 
liquidity measures adopted during the pandemic, as inflation pressures appear to be more intense and 
persistent than initially considered, are likely to put additional pressure on financial market 
conditions, borrowing costs, asset valuations and private sector sentiment. 
Potential increase of cyber risk due to new conditions introduced by the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
recent geopolitical events, regarding the Russia - Ukraine tension. 
COVID-19 affected and continues to affect the global cybersecurity landscape. The increased usage 
of digital services during the pandemic, that is expected to remain increased even following the end of 
the pandemic, in tandem with the dependence on technology make the technological infrastructure of 
financial institutions more efficient, but also more vulnerable to cyber-attacks. Advanced social 
engineering attacks, targeted phishing attacks, and the exploitation of special conditions created by 
working from home were on the rise worldwide. The Group has successfully identified and addressed 
the risks from the onset of the pandemic. 
Moreover, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, significant cyber activity has 
been noted worldwide. While the situation is evolving rapidly and the attack on Ukraine continues to 
widen, the Bank adopts a heightened posture when it comes to cybersecurity and the protection of its 
most critical assets. Controls are in place in order to reduce the likelihood of a damaging cyber 
intrusion, mechanisms to ensure that the Bank is prepared to respond if an intrusion occurs, whereas 
plans have been developed to maximize the Bank’s resilience to a destructive cyber incident. 
The Group safeguards its systems and processes and continuously monitors and develops them to 
protect its technology infrastructure and data from embezzlement. The Bank, in order to certify that it 
follows best practices regarding information security and to strength its security footprint, has attained 
the ISO 27001 certification and PCI DSS certification for the scope of IT infrastructure and services. 
The digital global landscape is continuously changing and evolving, thus the risks related to 
information security in the banking sector are also increasing. 
Group’s cyber security systems continue to improve with the strengthening of detection, response, and 
protection mechanisms, in order to ensure high quality of customer service, protection of personal 
data, increase of service efficiency and secure business activity. See also “The Group’s information 
systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and vulnerable to an increasing 
risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks which could result in the 
unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client or customer information, 
damage to its reputation, additional costs to it, regulatory penalties and financial losses”. 
The Group also continuously invests in infrastructure to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber threats. 
NBG already has in place a robust framework supported by experienced staff and appropriate IT 
infrastructure to minimize the probability of a cyber-intrusion. From the onset of the COVID-19 
pandemic and the recent geopolitical events, NBG has proactively augmented this framework with a 
significant number of preparedness and security enhancement actions which will help reduce the 
impact of any such attacks. However, such precautions may not be sufficient to avert cyber-attacks 
affecting the Group’s IT systems which, if successful, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
operations and business.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Our businesses may be impacted from the persistent energy challenges and increased recession fears 
for the euro area. 
The prolonged war in Ukraine remains a source of concern, resulting in increased macroeconomic 
uncertainty, causing a sharp rise in commodity prices and inflationary pressure, further global supply-
chain disruption, a tightening of financial conditions, heightened uncertainty and a sharp drop in 
consumer confidence. More specifically, geopolitical risks have pushed energy prices upwards, since 
Russia has been, through time, the main supplier of natural gas to the European Union. Although the 
direct economic exposure of the Greek economy to the crisis zone (i.e., Russia and Ukraine) has been 
comparably low, near-term pressures have been minimized through the differentiation of energy 
supplies, and natural gas consumption in Greece and the EU has been reduced, nonetheless the energy 
factor represents a significant risk for economic growth. In this respect, a potential recurrence of the 
energy crisis and/or a new spike in energy prices due to revived international demand, possibly driven 
by China, could bring the Greek economy to a disadvantaged position, entailing additional downward 
pressures on economic growth, given the decreasing capacity for large scale fiscal interventions, and 
could also impose new risks as regards the performance of other sectors of economic activity, 
including tourism. Moreover, if geopolitical tensions escalate further, at a global or regional level, 
financial shocks could increase risk aversion, leading to a deferral of private spending decisions, 
especially for new investment on fixed capital, and could also put downward pressure on collateral 
values. Therefore, the war in Ukraine, in conjunction with the ongoing normalization in monetary 
policy by the ECB that leads to more restrictive financial conditions, may adversely affect the value of 
assets collateralising secured loans, including houses and other real estate, where such a decline could 
result in impairment of its values or an increase in the level of the Bank’s NPEs. Finally, the war in 
Ukraine may adversely affect South Eastern European countries where the NBG has certain 
subsidiaries and could therefore have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of 
operations. 
In light of the above, related assessments by the ECB (March 2022 and September 2022) indicated 
that the Russian invasion of Ukraine will have a significant impact on economic activity and inflation, 
even in the medium term, with rising energy and commodity prices, a disruption in international trade 
and weaker confidence as its main drivers. Most recent analysis by the ECB in December 2022 and 
March 2023 acknowledge that energy market conditions and the inflation impact on economic 
conditions were less severe than initially feared, but refer to existence of persistent sources of risk as 
regards activity and inflation persistence. Although energy-related pressures on economic activity 
were smaller-than-initially-expected, the transmission of inflation pressures on food and other 
categories of goods and services led to higher-than-initially-estimated inflation and increased the 
pressure on monetary authorities to tighten further their stance. Elevated geopolitical uncertainty, lags 
in the transmission of the impact of interest rate hikes to macroeconomic and financial conditions, and 
adverse second-round effects on production costs and global trade dynamics could impose downside 
pressure on economic activity in the Euro area, as well as in Greece, during the course of 2023 or/and 
in the coming years. As inflation persists, the ECB is changing its monetary stance and the markets 
are repricing interest rate expectations to embed inflation pressures. Moreover, energy-security risks 
for the EU remain elevated, with a significant reduction in the pipeline flows of natural gas from 
Russia and/or a complete interruption of supply for specific countries. This pressure was largely offset 
by LNG imports, and additional energy savings, that have been compounded by supportive weather 
conditions during the winter 2022-23. As regards the ongoing monetary policy tightening, on 21 July 
2022, 8 September 2022, 27 October 2022, 15 December 2022, 2 February 2023, 16 March 2023 and 
4 May 2023, the ECB raised the key policy interest rates by 50 basis points, 75 basis points, 75 basis 
points, 50 basis points, 50 basis points, 50 basis points and another 25 basis points, respectively 
(Source: ECB, Monetary policy decisions, Press Release, 9 June 2022, 21 July 2022, 8 September 
2022, 27 October 2022, 15 December 2022, 2 February 2023, 16 March 2023 and 4 May 2023). 
Against a backdrop of a material inflation-impact on private sector disposable income, which was 
partially offset by fiscal policy, and tightened monetary policy worldwide, expectations regarding the 
performance of the global economy remain uncertain in both the short and medium term. See further 
“Persistent inflation pressures, compounded by a looming energy crisis and expectations of a

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
significant deterioration in economic conditions worldwide, may have an adverse effect on our 
business” below. 
Persistent inflation pressures, compounded by a looming energy crisis and expectations of a 
significant deterioration in economic conditions worldwide, may have an adverse effect on our 
business. 
The Group’s business and operations may be affected by the ongoing inflation surge, which started 
around mid-2021 – mostly reflecting a sluggish adjustment of the supply/production side of the global 
economy to the sharp rebound in activity that followed the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions – and has 
been amplified by the eruption of the crisis in Ukraine, as well as the subsequent stress in energy and 
non-energy commodity markets. 
Specifically, the buoyant response of global demand to the gradual reopening of economic activities 
worldwide from the pandemic-induced lockdowns – following a period of limited investment and a 
scaling down of production – had set the stage for a spike in inflation. The Russian invasion in 
Ukraine and retaliatory sanctions since February 2022 have led to new massive increases in energy 
costs and other international commodity prices, having pushed inflation rates in most advanced 
economies around the world to the highest level since the early 1980s. In Greece, inflation started to 
increase in the third quarter of 2021, mainly due to rising import costs and food and energy products 
appreciation, with the annual increase in the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) reaching 5.1% in 
December 2021. CPI growth spiked further in the first nine months of 2022, climbing to a 28-year 
high of 12.1% year-on-year in June and 12.0% year-on-year in September, but slowed to 8.3% year-
on-year in the fourth quarter of 2022. This downward path continued into 2023, with headline 
inflation averaging at 5.2% year-on-year in the first four months of 2023 and slowing to 3.0% year-
on-year in April (Source: ELSTAT, Consumer Price Index (CPI) Database). This upsurge followed a 
decade of very low or negative inflation in Greece, resulting from intensive economic adjustment and 
restrictive policies, which have been accompanied by a significant contraction of economic activity 
and high unemployment. 
This observed surge in inflation during 2022 is attributed to a variety of reasons, some of which have 
been magnified by the crisis in Ukraine, posing broader risks even as regards the EU’s energy security 
in the near term. Higher energy prices and prolonged disruptions in supply chains, combined with 
profound changes in global trade patterns that followed the war-related sanctions on Russia, increase 
the uncertainty regarding the future path of inflation. However, the slowing in global economic 
growth and normalizing conditions in global supply chains have led to an easing of the above 
pressures on global economic and trade conditions since late-2022 and in the first months of 2023. 
Nonetheless, inflation risks remain considerable, due to high geopolitical uncertainty, the implications 
of the ambitious energy transition agenda of the EU, and the ongoing labor market adjustment 
involving compensatory wage increases. The intensity of future inflation challenges largely depends 
on the distribution of current and future shocks to the economy and how the monetary and fiscal 
policies will react, as well as on the duration of the war in Ukraine and its impact on energy costs, 
food prices, and global growth.  
In this respect, the persistence of inflation, especially as regards the food component and the “core” 
measure, poses additional pressure for a more rapid tightening in monetary policy, following a long 
period of highly accommodative monetary and liquidity conditions. Increases in policy rates are 
already material in the US and the euro area and additional hikes are expected until the third quarter 
of 2023, bringing the monetary policy stance in contractionary territory. This tightening, along with 
its lagged impact on financial conditions and credit demand and the prospective slowdown of the 
world economy, tend to reduce risk appetite and perceived credit risk levels in the euro area. 
The exact impact of inflationary pressures on the Group’s activities depends on the duration and the 
actual inflation rate and, therefore, it is difficult to predict. It is possible that there will be a 
significant, and economically important, negative relationship between inflation, household

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
disposable income and business conditions which will also adversely affect both banking and equity 
market activity. This unfavourable sequence of developments has been avoided in 2022 and in the 
first months of 2023, due to the dynamic recovery of tourism and the increased fiscal support to 
cushion the pressure from rising energy costs, but may have a material adverse effect on the business 
operations and economic results of the Group in the future. Moreover, inflation is expected to put 
upward pressure on the Group’s expenses. 
For what concerns the Euro area, annual inflation (measured by the harmonised index of consumer 
prices – HICP) averaged at 8.4% year-on-year in 2022 is expected at 5.6% year-on-year in 2023 by 
the European Commission (Source: European Commission, Winter 2023 Economic Forecast, 
February 2023). Actual data available until April 2023 showed that the Euro area annual inflation rate 
reached 7.0% in April 2023 (7.8%, on average, in the first four months of 2023), down from 10.6% 
year-on-year in October 2022 but still higher than 5.0% in December 2021 (Source: Eurostat, 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) Database). The figure is driven, once again, mainly by 
increases in the prices of food, alcohol and tobacco, as well as in components of core inflation such as 
services and other industrial goods. 
Should the inflation spike persist or increase further in the following months, this would adversely 
impact Greek households, businesses, banks and the Greek government. Reduced purchasing power 
of households and increased costs for businesses, could reduce the size and/or the quality of the pool 
of prospective borrowers, and increase repayment delinquency rates. In addition, if inflation persists 
and leads to further increases in policy rates and market risk premia, the Group may have to identify 
proper strategies and products for hedging interest rate risk and adjust its operations. Any failure of 
the Group to address and adjust its strategy to the implications of the new monetary and inflation 
environment, and the concomitant financial market and real economy’s reaction to the monetary 
policy tightening, could adversely affect its financial condition, capital adequacy and operating 
results.  
According to NBG Risk Taxonomy, the Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, 
operational risk, model risk and climate and environmental risk, strategic/business risk (primary risk 
types), as well as to model risk; the Group treats climate and environmental risks as transversal, 
cross-cutting risks, considering them as drivers of the aforementioned existing risk types (financial 
and non-financial risks). 
As a result of the Group’s activities, NBG is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, 
operational risk, strategic/business risk (primary risk types), as well as to model risk; the Group treats 
climate and environmental risks as transversal, cross-cutting risks, considering them as drivers of the 
aforementioned existing risk types (financial and non-financial risks).. Failure to control these risks 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, 
prospects and reputation. 
• 
Credit Risk. Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to 
honour its contractual obligations. It arises in lending activities as well as in various other 
activities where the Group is exposed to the risk of counterparty default, such as its trading, 
capital markets and settlement activities. Credit risk is the largest single risk the Group faces.   
 
• 
Market Risk. Market risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from 
adverse movements in interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, as well 
as their levels of volatility. The Group seeks to identify, estimate, monitor and effectively 
manage market risk through a robust framework of principles, measurement processes and a 
valid set of limits that apply to all the Treasury’s transactions. The most significant types of 
market risk to which the Group is exposed are the following: interest rate risk, equity risk, 
foreign exchange risk and commodity risk. The performance of financial markets or financial 
conditions generally may cause changes in the value of the Group’s investment and trading 
portfolios. However, it is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Group’s financial 
performance and business operations. See “Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the 
Group’s net interest income and have other adverse consequences” and “The Group is 
vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets” below. 
 
• 
Liquidity Risk. Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital 
arising from the institution’s inability to meet its liabilities when they fall due, without 
incurring unacceptable losses. It reflects the potential mismatch between incoming and 
outgoing payments, taking into account unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) 
or unexpectedly high outflows (withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity risk involves both the risk of 
being unable to liquidate assets in a timely manner and on reasonable terms and of unexpected 
increases in the cost of funding of the portfolio of assets at appropriate maturities and rates and 
the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner and on reasonable terms. 
 
• 
Operational Risk. Operational risk corresponds to the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or 
failure in internal processes/systems, or due to external events, whether deliberate, accidental or 
natural occurrences. Internal events include, but are not limited to, fraud by employees, clerical 
and record keeping errors and information systems malfunctions or manipulations. External 
events include pandemics, floods, fires, earthquakes, riots or terrorist attacks, fraud by outsiders 
and equipment failures. Finally, the Group may also fail to comply with regulatory 
requirements or conduct of business rules. This definition includes legal risk, excludes strategic 
and business risk, but takes into consideration the reputational impact of Operational Risk. 
 
• 
Model Risk. Model Risk is the potential loss the Group may incur, as a consequence of 
decisions that could be principally based on the output of the models deployed, due to errors in 
the development, implementation or use of these models. 
 
• 
Strategic/Business Risk. These risks are associated with vulnerabilities in strategic positioning 
or strategy execution (delivery) as a result of external or endogenous risk factors and possible 
inability to effectively react thereon.  The impact of strategic risks is demonstrated through: (i) 
failure to deliver the expected results, i.e., material deviations from a defined business plan in 
terms of profitability, capital and/or brand perception; (ii) long term deterioration of 
competitiveness, i.e., worsening relative position compared to peers' benchmarks in 
strategically important areas. 
 
• 
Climate and environmental risk. Acknowledging the importance and potential impact of climate 
and environmental risks, the Group has proceeded with the identification and materiality 
assessment of such risks and their incorporation in the overall Risk Management Framework. 
Recognizing climate change as a major challenge, the Bank commits to enhance its role as a 
financier and advisor in the transition effort to net zero. At the same time the Bank aims at 
promoting cyclical economy, reduced dependency on natural resources and environmentally 
responsible practices. In order to fulfil these ambitions and reach the relevant targets or any 
other climate related ambitions, the Group incorporate climate considerations into its strategy, 
business model, the products and services it provides to customers and its financial and non-
financial risk management processes (including processes to measure and manage the various 
financial and non-financial risks the Group faces as a result of climate change). Failure to 
adequately embed risks associated with climate change into its risk framework to appropriately 
measure, manage and disclose the various financial and operational risks it faces as a result of 
climate change, or failure to adapt the Group's strategy and business model to the changing 
regulatory requirements and market expectations on a timely basis may have a material and 
adverse impact on the Group's level of business growth, funding, profitability, capital and 
financial position, as well as competitiveness and reputation. 
Although management believes that its risk management and risk mitigation policies are adequate, the 
Group’s risk management processes may not prevent all instances to mitigate or fully manage the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
above risks. In addition, the volatility as a result of market forces out of the Group’s control could 
cause the Bank’s liquidity position to deteriorate. Such deterioration would increase funding costs and 
limit the Bank’s capacity to increase its credit portfolio and the total amount of its assets, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other 
adverse consequences. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary 
policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, as well as other factors. 
Further variations in interest rates could affect the interest earned on the Group's assets and the 
interest paid on its borrowings, thereby affecting its net interest income, which is part of its core 
revenue, reducing its growth rate and profitability and potentially resulting in. Cost of funding is 
especially at risk for the Bank. 
In the current interest rate climate, central banks of the major developed economies (including the US 
Federal Reserve, the ECB, the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan, among others) are widely 
perceived to have a significant influence on the volatility and direction of short term rates. The 
method and rate at which central banks adjust their target rates cannot be predicted, nor can the effects 
that changes in such rates will have, be anticipated. 
There are risks involved in both an increase of rates and a prolonged period of low or negative interest 
rates. Variations in short term interest rates could affect the Group’s net interest income, reducing its 
growth rate and potentially resulting in losses. When interest rates rise, the Group may be required to 
pay higher interest on floating rate borrowings while interest earned on fixed rate assets does not rise 
as quickly, which could cause profits to grow at a reduced rate or decline. 
Conversely, increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans the Group originates. Sustained 
high interest rates have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in 
increased delinquencies in outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in 
interest rates may also reduce the propensity of the Group’s customers to prepay or refinance fixed 
rate loans, reduce the value of its financial assets and reduce gains or require it to record losses on 
sales of loans or securities. 
If interest rates decrease, although this is likely to reduce the Group’s funding costs, it is likely to 
compress the Group’s interest margin, as well as adversely impact income from investments in 
securities and loans with similar maturities, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s 
operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rates the Group charges on its interest earning 
assets differently from the interest rates it pays on its interest bearing liabilities. This difference could 
reduce the Group’s net interest income. Since the majority of the Group’s loan portfolio effectively re 
prices within a year, rising interest rates may also result in an increase in the Group’s allowance for 
loan losses if customers cannot refinance in a higher interest rate environment. Further, an increase in 
interest rates may reduce the Group’s clients’ capacity to repay in the current economic 
circumstances. 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks. 
The changes in the level of interest rates imposed by the ECB may lead to a significant increase in 
competition for retail deposits in Greece among the four largest banks (including the Bank) and other 
smaller banks, which means that the Bank may have to pay higher rates to attract equivalent levels of 
deposits. The Bank faces competition from foreign banks in its banking operations outside of Greece, 
some of which may have resources greater than that of the Bank. The Bank may not be able to 
continue to compete successfully with domestic and international banks in the future. These

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets.  
The global economy lost steam in 2022, following a vigorous recovery in 2021. Global real gross 
domestic product (“GDP”) increased by +3.4% from +6.3% mainly due to less favourable financial 
conditions amid faster-than-expected tightening by monetary authorities to stem elevated inflation. In 
addition, lockdown measures in China to control covid infections contributed significantly to the 
slowdown of domestic and offshore economic activity. Finally, high energy costs due to the war in 
Ukraine and related sanctions on Russia took their toll on households’ purchasing power and 
businesses’ investment decisions. In the euro area, real GDP increased by +3.5% in 2022, following 
an increase of +5.3% in 2021. Growth decelerated further in the first quarter of 2023 (+1.3% year-
over-year), although the slowdown of activity was less-than-anticipated, as fiscal support has been 
substantial, households drew down their stock of pandemic-related savings and businesses adapted to 
the energy shock. Overall, euro area real GDP growth is expected at +0.8% in 2023.  
Principal risks for the euro area economy mainly relate to the duration of shocks unleashed by 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Moreover, high, and persistent inflation could cause excessive wage 
and price dynamics, jeopardizing more aggressive monetary policy tightening by the European 
Central Bank and resulting in a sharper than expected decline in economic activity and higher 
unemployment. In turn, a sudden tightening of financial conditions due to rising interest rates could 
exacerbate vulnerabilities stemming from elevated asset valuations in residential and commercial real 
estate, as well as in financial markets. Indeed, the recent US banking sector turmoil, triggered by the 
collapse of several mid-sized US banks, if not contained, could pose significant risks to financial 
stability. Moreover, as a large part of the increase in European aggregate public investment is related 
to investment financed by the Recovery and Resilience Facility (“RRF”), delays in the disbursements 
of RRF funds have the potential to curb growth. These factors, among other things, may restrict the 
European economic recovery, with a corresponding adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Financial market volatility could edge higher, with a corresponding material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including the Group’s ability to fund 
its operations. Results of operations in Greece in the past have been, and in the future may continue to 
be, materially affected by many factors of a global nature, including: political and regulatory risks and 
the condition of public finances; the availability and cost of capital; the liquidity of global markets; 
the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates; currency values; the 
availability and cost of funding; inflation; the stability and solvency of financial institutions and other 
companies; investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets; or a combination of the above 
factors. 
Adverse developments could also be triggered by Eurozone sovereign and corporate debt stress as the 
massive fiscal and monetary policy measures employed to stem the negative economic repercussions 
from the pandemic suggest more strains for the balance sheets of sovereigns and corporates when the 
COVID-19 crisis ends. A rise in corporate defaults and subsequently of non-performing loans could 
also induce banking stress, as well as a potentially weaker than expected performance of the Greek 
economy. Finally, a protracted slowdown in Chinese economic activity amidst authorities’ efforts to 
contain leverage in the property sector, and adverse pandemic developments, which may lead to a re-
imposition of strict containment measures, could intensify downside European economic growth risks. 
These developments could: 
 
further directly impact the carrying amount of the Group’s portfolio of Greek government debt; 
 
further directly impact the impairment losses for receivables relating to the Hellenic Republic;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
severely affect the Group’s ability to raise capital and meet minimum regulatory capital 
requirements; and severely limit the Group’s ability to access liquidity. 
In addition, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse 
developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the 
financial services industry or the financial services sector generally, as well as concerns or rumours 
about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to 
additional market-wide liquidity problems.  
In particular, the recent collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and other banks in the US in 2023, followed 
closely in Europe by the rescue plan for Credit Suisse, has raised serious concerns over the risk of 
another banking crisis. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent 
in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets 
and the Group’s ability to access existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened 
and could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. 
The Group’s economic hedging may not prevent losses. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that the Group uses to economically hedge its 
exposure to market risk is not effective, the Group may incur losses. The Group does not 
economically hedge all of its risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. In 
the Group’s view, the principal market risk to which it is exposed, which is not fully economically 
hedged, is the sovereign credit risk of the Hellenic Republic, in respect of which the Group does not 
maintain any hedging positions (such as, for example, credit default swaps). 
The Group has incurred and may continue to incur significant losses on its trading and investment 
activities due to market fluctuations and volatility. 
The Group maintains trading and investment positions in debt, currency, equity and other markets. 
These positions could be adversely affected by continuing volatility in financial and other markets, 
creating a risk of losses. Significant decline in perceived or actual values of the Group’s assets has 
resulted from previous market events. 
Continuing volatility and further dislocation affecting certain financial markets and asset classes could 
further impact the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In the future these 
factors could have an impact on the mark to market valuations of assets in the Group’s Hold to 
Collect and Sell (“HTCS”) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) 
bond portfolios, trading portfolios and financial assets and liabilities for which the fair value option 
has been elected. In addition, any further deterioration in the performance of the assets in the Group’s 
investment securities portfolios could lead to additional impairment losses, including the Group’s 
holdings of Greek government bonds. 
The Group could be exposed to significant future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities. 
The employees of the Bank and certain of its subsidiaries participate in employee-managed pension 
schemes, retirement and medical benefit plans. The Bank and certain of the Bank’s subsidiaries make 
significant defined contributions to these schemes. In addition, the Bank and several of its subsidiaries 
offer certain defined benefit plans. The Group’s consolidated retirement benefit obligations under 
these plans are determined by reference to a number of critical assumptions such as discount rate 
assumptions, mortality, assumptions inflation. These include assumptions about movements in interest 
rates which may not be realised. Potential variations may cause the Group to incur significantly 
increased liability in respect of these obligations.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
The Group, like any other credit institution, is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities of any 
form, which, if not dealt with in a timely manner and successfully, could have negative effects on its 
business activities, financial condition, results of its activities and its prospects for success. 
The Group is subject to rules and regulations related to combating money laundering and terrorism 
financing in the jurisdictions where it operates. Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-
terrorist financing rules entails significant cost and effort, especially after the imposition of a new set 
of financial and economic sanctions, as applicable and in force, that, in various ways, constrain 
transactions with numerous Russian entities and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; 
investment, trade and financing to and from certain regions of Ukraine. Non-compliance with these 
rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences. 
Although the Group believes that its current anti money laundering and anti-terrorism financing 
policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, it cannot 
guarantee that they will comply at all times with all rules applicable to money laundering and 
terrorism financing as extended to the entire Group and applied to its staff in all circumstances. A 
possible violation, or even any suspicion of a violation of these rules, may have serious adverse legal 
and financial impacts, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s information systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and 
vulnerable to an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks 
which could result in the unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client or 
customer information, damage to its reputation, additional costs to it, regulatory penalties and 
financial losses. 
The Bank is increasingly dependent on information and communication technologies to achieve its 
mission and carry out its day-to-day operation. Timely and valid information is necessary to support 
the Bank's business decisions. The Bank considers its information, as well as that of its Group of 
Companies, a strategic asset, and fully recognizes the importance of protecting and safeguarding it, as 
it is critical to its operation. 
Information and communication technologies are subject to ever-increasing and complex threats, 
which exploit known and unknown system vulnerabilities with potentially serious impact on business 
operation, individuals, and critical infrastructure due to the breach of confidentiality, integrity, and 
availability of information that these systems process, store or transmit.  
In a continuously evolving and changing digital global landscape, there is an increase of information 
security risks in the banking sector: 
• 
The rapid growth of important technological breakthroughs (e.g., Cloud, Quantum computing, 
5th generation networks, artificial intelligence - AI, Internet of Things - IoT); 
• 
Unpredictable geopolitical developments; 
• 
The increased use of new technologies and digital applications to provide services to 
consumers and companies, in the midst of an unprecedented pandemic (COVID - 19), with 
shocking consequences for humanity. 
In fact, after all, the more the society and the economy rely on the digitization of processes and 
services, the more the attack surface, or else, the perpetrators’ opportunities for malicious actions 
increase, compelling all relevant bodies involved, in timely planning and an effective response. 
Therefore, information security is a key success factor in the Bank's business activities. The need for 
information security is particularly important in this modern, sophisticated, and interconnected 
business environment.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
The Group continuously analyzes its threat environment in order to identify the most important threats 
that may undermine the achievement of its business objectives. 
The Bank has implemented appropriate security controls, aiming to mitigate the risks arising from 
cyber-attacks (cyber risk) and to facilitate the increase of its resilience to the challenges related to 
cybersecurity.  
The most essential, among others, controls are outlined below:  
• 
NBG Group has a designated Group CISO role who oversees the Information Security 
function as well as the Group’s Cybersecurity Division.  
• 
NBG Group Enterprise Information Security Policy is the cornerstone for the implementation 
of a complete Information Security Management System, reflecting Management’s 
commitment, the governance framework, and the Group’s Information Security / 
Cybersecurity principles. The NBG Group Enterprise Information Security Policy is 
supplemented by an extensive set of Information Security Procedures and Guidelines 
(Information Security Management System), based on international standards, compliance 
regulations and best practices. 
• 
The Bank has attained the ISO 27001 certification.  
• 
The Bank has attained the PCI DSS certification. 
• 
The Bank follows a multilayered approach for the protection of its information assets. This 
approach includes but is not limited to DDoS protection, information intelligence services, 
perimeter controls such as firewalls, IDSs / IPSs, Secure Email Gateways, Secure Web 
Gateways, Endpoint protection, Data Leakage Prevention (DLP) solution, Security 
Information and Event Management (SIEM) solution, 24X7 Security Operation Center (SOC) 
etc. 
• 
The Bank performs a modern security awareness program. 
• 
The Bank carries out security reviews regularly, and whenever deemed necessary in 
accordance with best practices. The Bank complies to the applicable Greek and European 
regulatory framework and is subject to cybersecurity audits at least annually from regulators, 
the independent Internal Audit function, external auditors for the Cybersecurity certifications 
that the Bank has attained etc. 
• 
The Bank has adopted best practices to ensure the Group’s business continuity, enhancing its 
resilience to cyber-attacks. 
• 
Εven though all necessary security measures are applied and enforced, the Bank maintains a 
cybersecurity insurance contract in the unlikely event of a successful cyber-attack or data 
breach. 
NBG Group’s cyber security systems continue to improve with the strengthening of detection, 
response, and protection mechanisms, in order to ensure high quality of customer service, protection 
of personal data, increase of service efficiency and secure business activity. 
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time or may not be 
accurate.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
In establishing the fair value of certain financial instruments, the Group relies on quoted market prices 
or, where the market for a financial instrument is not sufficiently active, internal valuation models that 
utilise observable financial market data. In certain circumstances, the data for individual financial 
instruments or classes of financial instruments utilised by such valuation models may not be available 
or may become unavailable due to changes in financial market conditions. In such circumstances, the 
Group’s internal valuation models require it to make assumptions, judgments and estimates to 
establish fair value. In common with other financial institutions, these internal valuation models are 
complex, and the assumptions, judgments and estimates the Group is often required to make relate to 
inherently uncertain matters, such as expected cash flows. Such assumptions, judgments and estimates 
may need to be updated to reflect changing facts, trends and market conditions. The resulting change 
in the fair values of the financial instruments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
earnings and financial condition. Also, market volatility can challenge the factual bases of certain 
underlying assumptions and has made it difficult to value certain of the Group’s instruments. 
Valuations in future periods, reflecting prevailing market conditions, may result in changes in the fair 
values of these instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results, 
financial condition and prospects. 
The loss of senior management may adversely affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategy. 
The Group’s current senior management team includes several experienced executives the Group 
believes contribute significant experience and expertise to its management in the banking sectors in 
which the Bank operates. The continued performance of the Group’s business and its ability to 
execute its business strategy will depend, in large part, on the efforts of the senior management of the 
Group. Furthermore, a potential change in share ownership percentages and shareholders rights or a 
situation of effective control by the HFSF could lead to the departure of certain senior managers. If a 
substantial number of the Group’s senior management team leave the Group, its business may be 
materially adversely affected. 
The Group may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and/or qualified personnel. 
The Group’s competitive position depends, in part, on its ability to continue to attract, retain and 
motivate qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. Competition in the Greek 
and South-eastern European banking industries for personnel with relevant expertise is intense due to 
the relatively limited availability of qualified individuals. To recruit qualified and experienced 
employees and to minimise the possibility of their departure, the Group provides compensation 
packages consistent with evolving standards in the relevant labour markets.  
The HFSF representative has the right to veto any decision of the Board of Directors regarding the 
distribution of dividends and the benefits and bonus policy concerning the Chairman, the Chief 
Executive Officer and the other members of the Board of Directors, as well as whoever exercises the 
general manager’s powers and their deputies if the ratio of non-performing loans to total loans is 
above 10%. 
Additionally, restrictions on variable remuneration under CRD IV (as defined below) have been 
implemented into Greek law. 
The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets (DTAs) 
as regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and 
financial condition. 
The Group currently includes deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) in calculating the Group’s capital and 
capital adequacy ratios. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s DTAs amounted to €4.6 billion.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
The Bank reviews the carrying amount of its DTAs at each reporting date, and such review may lead 
to a reduction in the value of the DTAs on the Bank’s Statement of Financial Position, and therefore 
reduce the value of the DTAs as included in the Group’s regulatory capital. 
The CRR provides that, DTAs recognised for IFRS purposes that rely on future profitability and arise 
from temporary differences of a credit institution and exceed certain thresholds must be deducted 
from its CET1 capital. 
The deduction would have a significant impact on Greek credit institutions, including the Bank. 
However, as a measure to mitigate the effects of the deduction, Article 27A of Greek law 4172/2013, 
(“DTC Law”), as currently in force, allows credit institutions, under certain conditions, and from 
2017 onwards, to convert DTAs arising from (a) private sector initiative (“PSI”) losses, (b) 
accumulated provisions for credit losses recognised as at 30 June 2015, (c) losses from final write-off 
or the disposal of loans and (d) accounting write-offs, which will ultimately lead to final write-offs 
and losses from disposals, to a receivable (“Tax Credit”) from the Greek State. Items (c) and (d) 
above were added with Greek law 4465/2017 enacted on 29 March 2017. The same Greek law 
4465/2017 provided that the total tax relating to cases (b) to (d) above cannot exceed the tax 
corresponding to accumulated provisions recorded up to 30 June 2015 less (a) any definitive and 
cleared Tax Credit which arose in the case of accounting loss for a year according to the provisions of 
par. 2 of Article 27A, which relate to the above accumulated provisions, (b) the amount of tax 
corresponding to any subsequent specific tax provisions, which relate to the above accumulated 
provisions, and (c) the amount of the tax corresponding to the annual amortisation of the debit 
difference that corresponds to the above provisions and other losses in general arising due to credit 
risk. 
Furthermore, Greek law 4465/2017 amended Article 27 “Carry forward losses” by introducing an 
amortisation period of 20 years for losses due to loan write-offs as part of a settlement or restructuring 
and losses that crystallise as a result of a disposal of loans. In addition, in 2021 Greek law 4831 
further amended article 27 of Greek law 4172/2013. According to this amendment the annual 
amortization / deduction of the debit difference arising from PSI losses is deducted at a priority over 
the debit difference arising from realized NPL losses. The amount of annual deduction of the debit 
difference arising from realized NPL losses is limited to the amount of the profits determined 
according to the provisions of the tax law as in force before the deduction of such debit differences 
and after the deduction of the debit difference arising from PSI losses. The remaining amount of 
annual deduction that has not been offset, is transferred to be utilized in the 20 subsequent tax years, 
in which there will be sufficient profit after the deduction of the above debit differences (PSI & NPL 
losses) that correspond to those years. As to the order of deduction of the transferred (unutilized) 
amounts, older balances of debit difference have priority over newer balances. If at the end of the 20-
year amortization period, there are balances that have not been offset, these qualify as tax losses 
which are subject to the 5-year statutes of limitation. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s eligible DTAs amounted to €3.9 billion. The main condition for 
the conversion of DTAs to a Tax Credit is the existence of an accounting loss at Bank level of a 
respective year, starting from accounting year 2016 and onwards. The Tax Credits will be calculated 
as a ratio of IFRS accounting losses to net equity (excluding the year’s losses) on a solo basis and 
such ratio will be applied to the remaining Eligible DTAs in a given year to calculate the Tax Credit 
that will be converted in that year, in respect of the prior tax year. The Tax Credit may be offset 
against income taxes payable. The non-offset part of the Tax Credit is immediately recognised as a 
receivable from the Greek State. The Bank is obliged to issue conversion rights to the Greek State for 
an amount of 100% of the Tax Credit in favour of the Greek State and will create a specific reserve 
for an equal amount. Common shareholders have pre-emption rights on these conversion rights. The 
reserve will be capitalised with the issuance of common shares in favour of the Greek State. This 
legislation allows credit institutions to treat such DTAs as not “relying on future profitability” 
according to Capital Requirement Directive (“CRD”) IV, and as a result such DTAs are not deducted 
from CET1, hence improving a credit institution’s capital position.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
On 7 November 2014, the Bank convened an extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting which 
resolved to include the Bank in the DTC Law. An exit by the Bank from the provisions of the DTC 
Law requires regulatory approval and a General Shareholders’ Meeting resolution. 
If the regulations governing the use of Deferred Tax Credits (“DTCs”) as part of the Group’s 
regulatory capital change, this may affect the Group’s capital base and consequently its capital ratios. 
As at 31 December 2022, 67.7% of the Group’s CET1 capital (including the profit for the period) was 
comprised of DTA eligible for DTC. Additionally, there can be no assurance that any final 
interpretation of the amendments described above will not change or that the European Commission 
will not rule the treatment of the DTCs under Greek law illegal and as a result Greek credit 
institutions will ultimately not be allowed to maintain certain DTCs as regulatory capital. If any of 
these risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to maintain 
sufficient regulatory capital, which may in turn require the Group to issue additional instruments 
qualifying as regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any 
of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results and financial condition 
and prospects. 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
The Group’s business is subject to increasingly complex regulation which may increase its 
compliance costs and capital requirements. 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in 
each jurisdiction in which it operates. All of these regulatory requirements have changed, are 
continuing to change, and are subject to further change following the unprecedented levels of 
government intervention and changes to the regulations governing financial institutions, as a result of 
the financial crisis. In response to the global financial crisis, national governments as well as 
supranational groups, such as the EU, have implemented significant changes to the existing regulatory 
frameworks for financial institutions, including those pertaining to supervision, capital adequacy, 
liquidity, resolution and the scope of banks’ operations and those pertaining to investors’ protection 
and financial products’ governance requirements. 
Since 4 November 2014, the Group has been a significant entity in the Eurozone supervised by SSM 
and is subject to continuous evaluation of its capital adequacy, and could be requested to operate with 
higher than minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. The supervisory regime applicable to 
European banks is undergoing a period of change since the SSM took responsibility for the prudential 
supervision of banks in the Eurozone in November 2014. Competent Authorities will continue to be 
responsible for supervisory matters not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money 
laundering, payment services, and branches of third country banks, besides supporting ECB in day to 
day supervision. In light of the new supervision legal framework the ECB and the competent national 
authorities shall carry out a SREP at least on an annual basis. In this view the European Banking 
Authority (“EBA”) published on 19 December 2014 the final guidelines for common procedures and 
methodologies in respect of the SREP (“EBA Guidelines”). Such EBA Guidelines draw a common 
approach to determining the amount and composition of additional Pillar 2 own funds requirement 
implemented since 1 January 2016. The first update took place in 2017 and the revised Guidelines 
became applicable since 2019. The revised SREP guidelines reflected the on-going (at that time) 
policy initiatives related to Pillar 2/SREP, which included, among other things, the introduction of 
Pillar 2 capital guidance (“P2G”), the integration of supervisory stress testing requirements and 
supervisory assessment of banks’ stress testing from the EBA Consultation Paper on Guidelines on 
stress testing and supervisory stress testing 2, clarification of certain aspects of scoring, further details 
on the articulation of total SREP capital requirements (“TSCR”) and overall capital requirements 
(“OCR”), and various consistency checks with relevant EBA standards and guidelines that came into 
force after the publication of the original SREP Guidelines in 2014. On 28 June 2021, the EBA 
launched a public consultation and a second review of the SREP guidelines was carried out, aiming at 
aligning the guidelines with other regulatory developments that took place since their latest revision.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
In particular, the revised guidelines take into account changes stemming from Directive (EU) 
2019/878 amending the CRD and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR, as well as the 
issuance by the EBA of other relevant guidelines and technical standards. In this context, the latest 
revised SREP guidelines were issued on 18 March 2022. 
Following the completion of the 2022 SREP cycle, in December 2022 the Bank received the final 
SREP Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2023. In particular 
based on 2022 SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2023 remained stable at 3%, but OCR 
increased to 14.50% (from 14.25% in 2022) due to the phase-in of the O-SII buffer (i.e., increased by 
0.25%). Consequently, the OCR + P2G capital requirements for 2023 increased to 16.25%. 
The SSM might impose new compliance, governance or system and control mandates that will 
increase compliance costs for the Bank. As a result of these and other on-going and possible future 
changes in the financial services regulatory framework (including requirements imposed by virtue of 
the Group’s participation in any Greek government or regulator-led initiatives, such as the Hellenic 
Republic’s Bank Support Plan), the Group will face greater regulation in the Hellenic Republic and 
SEE. Current and future regulatory requirements may be different across each of these locations and 
even requirements with EEA-wide application may be implemented or applied differently in different 
jurisdictions. 
Compliance with these new requirements will increase the Group’s regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements and may increase its compliance costs and disclosure requirements, restrict certain types 
of transactions, affect its strategy and limit or require the modification of rates or fees that it charges 
on certain loans and other products, any of which could lower the return on the Group’s investments, 
assets and equity. The Group may also face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to 
pursue certain business opportunities. The Group cannot predict the effect of any such changes on its 
business, financial condition, cash flows or future prospects. 
The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes. 
The Bank and the Group are required by the SSM and the regulators in the Hellenic Republic and 
other countries in which they undertake regulated activities to maintain minimum levels of capital and 
liquidity. The Bank, its regulated subsidiaries and its branches may be subject to the risk of having 
insufficient capital resources to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity requirements. In 
addition, those minimum regulatory capital requirements may increase in the future, or the methods of 
calculating capital resources may change. Likewise, liquidity requirements are under heightened 
scrutiny, and may place additional stress on the Group’s liquidity demands in the jurisdictions in 
which it operates. Changes in regulatory requirements may require the Group to raise additional 
capital. Directive 2013/36/EU (the “CRD IV Directive”) and the CRR (the CRR together with the 
CRD IV Directive, the “CRD IV”) which incorporate the key amendments that were adopted by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (known as “Basel III”) have been directly applicable in all 
EU member states (the “Member States”) since 1 January 2014, with particular elements being 
phased in over a period of time (the requirements are largely fully effective and some minor 
transitional provisions provide for phase-in until 2024) but it is possible that in practice 
implementation under national laws may be delayed. Additionally, it is possible that Member States 
may introduce certain provisions at an earlier date than that set out in the CRD IV. In addition, on 23 
November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the 
CRR, CRD IV Directive and the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (together, the “EC Proposals”), 
which proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process prior to formal approval of 
the final text by the European Council in May 2019. Amendments to the BRRD to introduce a new 
asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt entered into force on 28 December 2017 and were 
transposed into Greek legislation on 18 December 2018 by Greek law 4583/2018. The final text of the 
EC Proposals was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered 
into force on 27 June 2019. Among other things, these proposals aim to implement a number of new 
Basel standards (such as the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, market risk rules and 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities) into European law. CRR II (as defined below) is

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
directly applicable to the Bank and applies from 28 June 2021, subject to certain exceptions. The 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “CRD 
V Directive”) has been transposed into Greek legislation by Greek law 4799/2021 which amended to 
this effect Article 2 of Greek law 4335/2015 (the law that has initially transposed into Greek law the 
BRRD, the “BRR Law”) and Greek law 4261/2014 (the law that has initially transposed into Greek 
law the CRD IV, the “Greek Banking Legislation”). 
Greek law 4583/2018, implementing certain provisions of Directive 2017/2399/EU, and Greek law 
4799/2021, transposing into Greek law the BRRD II, has amended the ranking of claims from 
unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, introducing, inter alia, senior non-preferred 
notes, as debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (a) the original contractual maturity of 
the debt instruments is at least one year; (b) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they 
are not themselves derivatives; and (c) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, 
the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for by article 
145A of the Greek Banking Legislation (see further “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
– Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”).  
The Capital Requirements Regulation defines the minimum capital requirements (Pillar 1 
requirements) and the CRD IV Directive defines the combined buffer requirements for EU 
institutions. In addition, the CRD IV Directive provides (Articles 97 et seq.) that Competent 
Authorities regularly carry out the SREP, to assess and measure risks not covered, or not fully 
covered, under Pillar 1 and determine additional capital and liquidity requirements (Pillar 2 
requirements). SREP is conducted under the lead of the ECB. The SREP decision is tailored to each 
bank’s individual profile. Implementing regulations in Greece under the CRD IV or higher SREP 
requirements may impose higher capital requirements, such as higher prudential buffers, which may 
require the Group to raise further capital. See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM)”. 
Furthermore, on 20 March 2017, the ECB published its final “Guidance to banks on non-performing 
loans”, setting out expectations in relation to strategy, governance, and operations. On 15 March 
2018, the ECB launched the final addendum to the aforementioned ECB guidance on NPLs. The 
addendum sets out supervisory expectations for minimum levels of prudential provisioning for new 
NPLs and reinforces the guidance with regards to fostering timely provisioning and write off 
practices, and may be amended from time to time. 
On 14 March 2018, the European Commission presented a package of measures to tackle high NPL 
ratios in Europe. On 31 October 2018 the European Banking Authority published its final guidelines 
on management of non-performing and forborne exposures (the “EBA Guidelines”). The EBA 
Guidelines applied from 30 June 2019. They are developed in accordance with the European Council 
Action Plan, aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks in 
place to manage effectively their NPEs and to achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. 
To this end, the EBA Guidelines require institutions to establish NPE reduction strategies and 
introduce governance and operational requirements to support them. The EBA Guidelines specify 
sound risk management practices for credit institutions in their management of NPEs and forborne 
exposures (“FBEs”), including requirements on NPE reduction strategies, governance and operations 
of NPE workout framework, internal control framework and monitoring. The EBA Guidelines also set 
out requirements for processes to recognise NPEs and FBEs, as well as a forbearance granting process 
with a focus on the viability of forbearance measures. In particular, the EBA Guidelines specify that 
institutions should grant forbearance measures only with the view to return the borrower to a 
sustainable performing repayment status and are thus in the borrower's interest. The EBA Guidelines 
introduce a threshold of 5% of gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing NPE strategies and 
applying associated governance and operational arrangements. Finally, the EBA Guidelines outline 
requirements for competent authorities' assessment of credit institutions' NPE management activity as 
part of the SREP.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
The above measures and guidelines will have an impact on the Group’s risk management, governance 
or control systems as these relate to its management of NPEs and FBEs, as well as on how the SSM 
assesses the Group’s capital requirements for NPEs and FBEs. 
If the Bank or the Group does not satisfy the minimum capital requirements (taking into account 
relevant combined buffer requirements) in the future, it may be subject to the measures that the SSM 
can take pursuant to the Greek Banking Legislation which transposed into Greek law the CRD IV and 
Regulation 1024/2013, including appointment of a commissioner to the Bank (see “Regulation and 
Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”).  
If the Bank is required to raise further capital but is unable to do so on acceptable terms, the Group 
may be required to further reduce the amount of the Bank’s risk weighted assets and thus engage in 
further disposal of core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a timely basis or 
achieve prices which would otherwise be attractive to the Bank. Any failure to maintain minimum 
regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions or other sanctions, which in turn may 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. If the 
Bank is required to strengthen its capital position, it may not be possible for the Bank to raise 
additional capital from the financial markets or to dispose of marketable assets. That could potentially 
lead to further requests for State Aid pursuant to the provisions of Greek law 3864/2010, as amended, 
inter alia, by Law 4941/2022 and in force (the “HFSF Law”) in the circumstances permitted under 
the BRR Law and the HFSF Law, which could result in the application of Burden Sharing Measures 
(as described in “Description of the Group – History and Development of the Group –2015 
Recapitalisation”). 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and may 
result in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the 
resolution of the Group.  
The BRRD provides for the establishment of an EU wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a 
credible set of resolution tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly to avoid a 
significant adverse effect on the financial system, to prevent threats to market infrastructures, to 
protect depositors and investors and to minimise reliance on public financial support. On 23 
November 2016, the European Commission published the Proposals (see “The Group may need 
additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), including a proposal to 
amend certain provisions of the BRRD (the “BRRD Reforms”).  
The BRRD’s broad range of resolution tools and powers may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that certain required conditions are met.  
Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending Directive 2014/59/EU (BRRD) as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms was formally approved by the 
European Council in May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019. Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (“SRM II Regulation or SRMR II”) amended Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 (“SMR Regulation” or “SRMR”) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. This Regulation applies from 28 December 2020. 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) amended Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and has been transposed into 
Greek legislation by Greek law 4799/2021 amending to this effect the BRR Law and the Greek 
Banking Legislation. See “The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of 
regulatory changes” above and “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive” below.  
In addition to the bail in tool which is available for an institution in resolution, the BRRD provides for 
relevant resolution authorities with pre resolution powers to permanently write down or convert into

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
equity capital instruments and eligible liabilities of the financial institution, including “CET1 
instruments” (which includes ordinary shares), “Additional Tier 1 instruments” and “Tier 2 
instruments” (each as defined under the CRD IV) at the point of non viability of the institution, with 
losses taken in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (“Non 
Viability Loss Absorption”), as further described under “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece — Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”. For the purposes of the application of any Non 
Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non viability under the BRRD is the point at which 
the relevant resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution 
(but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, in certain circumstances, its 
group, will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities are 
written down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the 
appropriate authority determines that the institution and/or, as appropriate, its group, would no longer 
be viable. 
The capital instruments and eligible liabilities write down and conversion power may be exercised 
independently of, or in combination with, the exercise of other resolution tools. These measures could 
be applied to certain of the Group’s instruments; the occurrence of circumstances in which write down 
or conversion powers would need to be exercised (or any perceived risk of such powers being 
exercised) would be likely to have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Furthermore, in circumstances where capital instruments are 
converted into equity securities by application of the mandatory conversion tool, those equity 
securities may be subjected to the bail in powers in resolution, resulting in their cancellation, 
significant dilution or transfer away from the investors therein. 
EBA Guidelines on “the interpretation of the different circumstances when an institution shall be 
considered as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications on the cases where an institution is 
assessed as “failing or likely to fail”.  
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty 
regarding the specific factors which the relevant resolution authority would consider in deciding 
whether to exercise the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities 
issued by that institution.  
Given the final discretion provided to the relevant resolution authority, it may be difficult to predict 
when, if at all, the exercise of any bail in power by the relevant resolution authorities may occur 
which would result in a principal write off or conversion to equity. Accordingly, the threat of bail in 
or exercise of the write down or conversion power may affect trading behaviour, including prices and 
volatility, of the securities of any institution which the market perceives to be potentially considered 
as failing or likely to fail by the relevant resolution authority. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the 
above resolution tools (including the general bail in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance 
with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As such, it is too early to 
anticipate the full impact of the BRRD, and there can be no assurance that Covered Bondholders and 
potential investors will not be adversely affected by actions taken under it. In addition, there can be no 
assurance that its application will not have a significant impact on the Group’s results of operations, 
business, assets, cash flows and financial condition, as well as on its funding activities and the 
products and services offered. In addition, the SRM Regulation establishes uniform rules and a

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) and a Single Resolution Fund (the “Fund”). 
The SRM Regulation, which will complement the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need 
additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks 
supervised by the SSM, including the Bank. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established 
under the SRM Regulation will be applied by a single resolution board (the “Single Resolution 
Board” or the “SRB”) together with the EU Council and the European Commission and the national 
resolution authorities within the framework of the SRM.  
On 11 October 2017, the European Commission urged the European Parliament and Council to 
progress quickly in the adoption of additional measures to tackle the remaining risks in the banking 
sector and suggested new actions to reduce NPLs and to help banks diversify their investment in 
sovereign bonds. The Group could be subject to any such additional measures or actions adopted 
which may result in additional compliance or capital requirements, and such measures or actions 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
or prospects. 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) under the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, the BRRD) may affect 
the Group’s profitability. 
Since 2016, European banks have had to comply with the rules under the BRRD, which, inter alia, 
introduced the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (“MREL”). MREL 
aims to facilitate the orderly resolution of financial institutions by requiring them to hold at all times 
sufficient loss absorbing instruments to ensure that shareholders, subordinated creditors and senior 
unsecured creditors primarily bear losses in the event of resolution. MREL includes own funds 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, ordinary shares) as well as eligible liabilities (as defined in the 
BRRD) and is expressed as a percentage of either risk weighted assets or total liabilities and own 
funds, as contemplated by the BRRD. The BRRD does not mandate a minimum threshold for MREL, 
but instead provides for a case by case assessment of the MREL for each institution or group, against 
a minimum set of criteria prescribed by the rules made under the BRRD and applied by the Single 
Resolution Board in the case of financial institutions which are located in the Banking Union, such as 
the Group. Article 45 of the BRRD, as amended by BRRD II, sets out a procedure for the 
determination of MREL. Commission Delegated Regulation 2016/1450 further defines the way in 
which resolution authorities, including the SRB, are to determine MREL.  
In June 2019, the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the 
banking package (comprising CRR II, CRD V Directive, BRRD II and SRM II Regulation) in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an overall updated MREL policy 
under the banking package (BRRD II and SRMR II Regulation) published on 20 May 2020. The 
Single Resolution Board has set binding MREL targets (at consolidated level) for the Bank for 1 
January 2022 and for the end of the transitional period which is 31 December 2025. 
The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended by the CRD V Directive and the CRR has 
subsequently been amended by the publication of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“CRR II”). The CRD V Directive and CRR II were 
both published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. The CRR II applies 
from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions and the CRD V Directive has been transposed into 
Greek law by law 4799/2021 which amended to this effect the BRR Law and the Greek Banking 
Legislation.   
The SRM II Regulation amended the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. The SRM II Regulation is valid as 
of the date of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union and applies from 28

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
December 2020. Directive (EU) 2019/879 amended Directive 2014/59/EU, among others, as regards 
the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. Member 
States were supposed to bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary 
to comply with this Directive by 28 December 2020. Directive (EU) 2019/879 was transposed into 
Greek law by law 4799/2021, coming into force as of 17 May 2021, with few exceptions. 
The BRRD Reforms contain a new Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order between the combined 
buffer and the MREL Requirement. Pursuant to this new provision the relevant resolution authority 
has the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(as defined below) for the MREL where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL 
Requirement are not met. 
Should the Single Resolution Board not provide an adequate transition period, issuance of MREL 
eligible liabilities in a short timeframe could be very costly having thus a material adverse effect on 
Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals 
and regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various South Eastern Europe (SEE) 
countries may limit the Group’s ability to receive payments on past due loans, and anticipated 
changes to such laws may not have the desired effect. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals 
(including Greek law 3869/2010, 4738/2020 (into force from 1 March or 1 June 2021 depending on 
the provisions), which regulates the settlement of debts and other laws and regulations governing 
creditors’ rights generally vary significantly within the region in which the Group operates. See 
further “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted 
Individuals” for a description of Greek laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise 
settlement of debts owed by individuals. In some countries, the laws offer significantly less protection 
for creditors than the bankruptcy regimes in Western Europe. In Greece, foreclosures and auctions of 
all properties were prohibited until 31 October 2015. Although the Greek suspension of every 
enforcement action due to capital controls was lifted by 29 October 2015 official announcement of the 
Ministry of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights on 2 November 2015, a prolonged abstention by 
lawyers, bailiffs and notaries that commenced in January 2016 and ended in November 2017 for all 
parties, restrained the Bank from proceeding to enforcement, seizures and auctions of any real estate 
during that period. Further to the above, there are certain interest groups organizing demonstrations 
previously at physical auctions and currently at electronic auctions which hinder their execution and 
sometimes result in violence. Consequently, the pace at which auctions of residential properties occur 
is often delayed. 
Although measures undertaken in the context of the Third Programme are in principle designed to 
address certain of the foregoing concerns in respect of creditors’ rights in Greece, and reduce legal 
impediments to, and the tax consequences of, the enforcement of such rights, these measures may not 
be enacted as proposed or may not provide any of the protections to creditors that are hoped for. As a 
consequence, the Bank may continue to encounter difficulties recovering or enforcing collateral on 
past due loans, and such difficulties may be exacerbated in light of COVID-19, which could have a 
material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
If the current economic conditions persist or worsen, including as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, bankruptcies could intensify, or applicable bankruptcy protection laws and regulations may 
change to limit the impact of the recession on corporate and retail borrowers. Such changes may have 
an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds 
Extension of the Covered Bonds’ maturity under the Conditions  
Unless previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the Covered Bonds of each Series will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the relevant amount due on the Final Maturity Date as set out in the Final 
Terms (the “Final Redemption Amount”). If the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable Final Maturity Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) then payment of any unpaid Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be 
deferred automatically until the Extended Final Maturity Date (as specified in the Final Terms, such 
date the “Extended Final Maturity Date”) and the relevant Series of Covered Bonds shall become 
Pass-Through Covered Bonds, provided that, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on such Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds after the Final Maturity 
Date shall be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid 
amounts on each Interest Payment Date up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will make payments on each relevant 
Interest Payment Date and Extended Final Maturity Date. If, on the Extended Final Maturity Date in 
respect of any Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds there is a failure to pay any amount of principal 
due on such Pass-Through Covered Bonds on such date and such default is not remedied within a 
period of 7 (seven) Athens Business Days from the date thereof then the Trustee shall serve a Notice 
of Default on the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions. Following the service of a Notice of Default the 
Covered Bonds of all Series shall become immediately due and payable. Furthermore, following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event and breach of the Amortisation Test all Series of Covered Bonds shall 
automatically become Pass-Through Covered Bonds and the Issuer shall redeem all Series of Pass-
Through Covered Bonds pro rata and pari passu on each Interest Payment Date, in accordance with 
and subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The circumstances described above under “Risks relating to the Covered Bonds – Extension of the 
Covered Bonds’ maturity under the Conditions” may result in Covered Bondholders receiving 
principal repayments sooner, or (as applicable) later, than they might otherwise have expected. If, as a 
result of the relevant circumstances described above Covered Bonds of any outstanding Series 
become Pass Through Covered Bonds (and therefore become required to be redeemed (subject to 
funds being available for such purpose) prior to their Final Maturity Date (or, as applicable, Extended 
Final Maturity Date)) this may cause the relevant Covered Bondholders to receive repayment of their 
Covered Bonds sooner than they might otherwise have expected, and this may result in a lower yield 
on such Covered Bondholders' investment (particularly given that no premium or other compensation 
will be paid in such circumstances). 
Where such circumstances result in all outstanding Series becoming required to be so redeemed, the 
overall speed of repayment is likely to be reduced because the available funds for repayment will be 
divided pro rata between all outstanding Covered Bonds and not only those that have become Pass 
Through Covered Bonds due to the relevant Final Maturity Date having passed without full 
repayment of the relevant Series having occurred. In such case, it is likely that the repayment of the 
Covered Bonds will take longer than would be the case if only one Series were being redeemed in 
such way. 
Any such circumstances are also likely to result in Covered Bondholders receiving irregular, 
infrequent and/or uncertain amounts as and when funds become available to make the required 
repayments, and this will create a materially different repayment profile for the relevant Covered 
Bonds than the one anticipated by the relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
The Covered Bonds will be solely obligations of the Issuer and will not be obligations of or 
guaranteed by the Trustee, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Hedging 
Counterparties, the Arranger, the Dealer or the Listing Agent (as defined below) or any party to the 
Programme. No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due 
under the Covered Bonds shall be accepted by any of the Arranger, the Dealer, the Hedging 
Counterparties the Trustee, the Agents, the Account Bank, any company in the same group of 
companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents relating to the Programme. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Cover Pool is subject to a number of Statutory 
Tests set out in the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. Failure of the 
Issuer to take prompt remedial action to cure any breach of these tests will result in the Issuer being 
unable to issue further Covered Bonds and any failure to satisfy the Statutory Tests may have an 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. Furthermore, a failure to comply with the Greek Covered Bond Legislation may also result in 
the Bank of Greece subjecting the Issuer to administrative sanctions pursuant to Articles 23 and 24 of 
the Covered Bond Law. In addition, the Issuer has covenanted to comply with the requirements of the 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation (including, but not limited to Articles 17 and 18 of the Covered Bond 
Law and Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation). Pursuant to the Covered Bond Law, 
the Issuer must maintain a cover pool liquidity buffer to cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity 
outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days; the liquidity buffer can only consist of Liquid Assets. 
Such Liquid Assets may include cash standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
(provided that such amounts always represent a Liquid Asset) or other Liquid Assets purchased from 
funds standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger. Covered Bondholders should note 
that the Issuer covenanted, pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, to ensure that the 
amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger, together with the nominal value 
of any Liquid Assets (other than amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger) purchased from amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve ledger is equal 
to or greater than the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount. 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed after the occurrence of an Issuer Event the 
Cover Pool is subject to an Amortisation Test. The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that the 
Cover Pool Assets are sufficient to meet the obligations under all Covered Bonds outstanding 
together with senior expenses that rank in priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered 
Bonds. Failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer Event 
will constitute a Cover Pool Event of Default, thereby entitling the Trustee to accelerate the Covered 
Bonds subject to and in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
The realisable value of Loans and their Related Security comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced 
by: 
(a) 
default by borrowers (each borrower being, in respect of a Loan Asset, the individual 
specified as such in the relevant mortgage terms together with each individual (if any) who 
assumes from time to time an obligation to repay such Loan Asset (the “Borrower”) in 
payment of amounts due on their Loans; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
possible regulatory changes by the regulatory authorities;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Statutory Tests, the Amortisation Test and the Eligibility Criteria are intended to ensure that there will 
be an adequate amount of Loan Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Issuer to repay the Covered 
Bonds following service of a Notice of Default and accordingly it is expected (but there is no 
assurance) that the Loan Assets could be realised for sufficient value to enable the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations under the Loans in the Cover Pool. Defaults may occur 
for a variety of reasons. The Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various 
factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the 
ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic 
climate, regional economic (due to local, national and/or global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors 
such as the war between Russia and Ukraine) or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and 
government policies. Other factors in Borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances 
may affect the ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce or 
widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (including, but not limited to, 
coronavirus/COVID-19 (or any strain of the foregoing), or other epidemic and/or pandemic diseases) 
and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of Borrowers 
and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans. In 
addition, governmental action or inaction in respect of, or responses to, any widespread health crises 
or such potential crises (such as those mentioned previously), whether in Greece or in any other 
jurisdiction, may lead to a deterioration of economic conditions both globally and also within 
Greece. Given the unpredictable effect such factors may have on the local, national or global 
economy, no assurance can be given as to the impact of any of the matters described in this 
paragraph and, in particular, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a property given as security for a Loan at a price 
sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Loan will depend upon a number of factors, 
including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values 
in general at the time. 
Changes to the Lending Criteria of the Issuer 
Each of the Loans originated by the Issuer will have been originated in accordance with its Lending 
Criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer’s Lending Criteria will generally 
consider, inter alia, type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, status of 
applicant and credit history. The Issuer retains the right to revise its Lending Criteria from time to 
time but would do so only to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to a reasonable, 
prudent mortgage lender. If the Lending Criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness 
of the Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by Borrowers and may affect the realisable value of 
the Cover Pool, or part thereof, and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Risks relating to Subsidised Loans 
In the Hellenic Republic subsidies are available to borrowers in respect of interest payments made 
under residential mortgage loans. The availability and amount of subsidy is determined by reference 
to the financial and social circumstances of a borrower and are made available from the Greek State 
and/or the DYPA. It is noted that in accordance with article 35 of Greek law 4144/2013 (GG A’ 
88/18.4.2013), the Manpower Employment Organisation (“OAED”) became successor of both the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
OEK and the Greek Workers Housing Organisation (“OEE”) and acquired every right and obligation 
thereof. As of 14 February 2012, OEK and OEE ceased to exist pursuant to article 1 paragraph 6 of 
Greek law 4046/2012. Assets, liabilities and any kind of pending cases since the entry into force of 
Greek law 4144/2013 were transferred from those legal persons to OAED. The OAED was renamed 
the Public Employment Service (“DYPA”) pursuant to Greek law 4921/2022. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any Subsidised Loans included in the Cover Pool are only euro denominated. 
Regarding loans, in respect of which exclusively OEK made payment of the subsidised interest 
amount, DYPA shall continue the payments thereof (as a universal successor of OEK). The Greek 
State, the DYPA and any other applicable Greek State owned entity's subsidy payments will be part of 
the Cover Pool in accordance with the Covered Bond Law along with the other receivables under the 
loan agreements. 
The Issuer receives the subsidised component of interest due under the Subsidised Loans from the 
DYPA, the Greek State or any other applicable Greek State subsidised entity. The DYPA will 
maintain the DYPA Savings Account and the Servicer will be authorised to deduct the amount of the 
subsidy related to the relevant Subsidised Loan from this account and then transfer such amounts to 
the Collection Account or, following an Issuer Event, to the Transaction Account according to the 
terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. On the other hand, until such withdrawal from 
the DYPA Savings Account by the Servicer, DYPA remains liable to the Issuer for the relevant 
subsidy. If the DYPA Savings Account balance for any given month has not been sufficiently 
replenished by the DYPA in advance of the next month's automated deduction of the subsidy 
amounts, the remaining balance owing to NBG and to be transferred by the Servicer into the 
Collection Account or, following an Issuer Event, the Transaction Account will be deducted once 
additional funds have been deposited by the DYPA. 
The Greek State will make payments of the subsidised interest amounts to NBG into the NBG BoG 
Account and then the Servicer shall be authorised to transfer such amounts to the Collection Account 
or, following an Issuer Event, to the Transaction Account according to the terms of the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed. The Servicer will notify the Greek State of the subsidised interest amounts 
that are payable by them and will undertake to take action necessary to ensure that the Greek State 
make payment of the subsidised interest amounts that are payable by them. 
In respect of any other subsidies provided by a Greek State subsidised entity, the amounts paid by 
way of subsidy will be transferred by the Servicer into the Collection Account or, following an Issuer 
Event, to the Transaction Account in accordance with the standard procedures applicable to such 
entity and the Servicer shall notify the relevant Greek State subsidised entity of the amount of any 
such subsidy due as soon as possible. 
Although the Greek State, the DYPA or the relevant Greek State subsidised entity, as appropriate, is 
required to pay the Subsidised Interest Amounts, the relevant borrowers remain liable to repay the full 
amount of interest due under their Subsidised Loan. If the Greek State and/or the DYPA fails to pay 
any Subsidised Interest Amounts then the Borrower may be unable to meet payments due under the 
relevant Subsidised Loan. If the Borrower fails to pay the full amount under the Subsidised Loan, this 
may have an adverse impact on the funds available for the payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
The DYPA pays subsidised interest amounts under the relevant Subsidised Loans on a monthly basis 
and up to two months in arrears and the Greek State pays subsidised interest amounts under the 
relevant Subsidised Loans every six months in arrears. Accordingly, the Issuer will not receive the 
portion of the interest that is subsidised by the DYPA and the Greek State in respect of such 
Subsidised Loan at the same time as the unsubsidised portion of interest paid by the Borrower. In 
addition, a Greek State subsidised entity may not pay the subsidy at the same time as unsubsidised 
amounts are paid by the Borrower.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
By virtue of the terms and conditions stated in article 55 of Greek law 4305/2014, it has been allowed 
for Borrowers to file a petition for the extension of the term of their DYPA Subsidised Loans, 
provided that at the date of such petition the amount of any due payments that remain unpaid does not 
exceed the aggregate of six monthly instalments. Such petition should also have been filed within six 
months from the aforementioned Greek law’s publication (the Greek law was published in the 
Government Gazette 237/A/31.10.2014) (such deadline was extended initially until 31 December 
2015 by virtue of Decision no. 19068/819/4.5.2015 of the Minister of Finance (Government Gazette 
878/B/19.5.2015), and subsequently until 31 December 2016 by virtue of Decision no. 
21559/732/25.5.2016 of the Minister of Finance (Government Gazette 1478/B/25.5.2016). Also, 
ministerial decision of the Minister of Labour, Social Security and Social Solidarity under number 
52246/3173/26/1/2018 allowed eligible borrowers of loans funded by own funds of DYPA to 
restructure such loans and specifically to restructure the amount of the loan, the repayment of capital, 
interest on capital, capitalised interest, default interest and the term of the loan and was recently 
amended by ministerial decision number 34920/1896/04-09-2020 to provide for the extension of the 
petition until 31 December 2020. Therefore, the said law, as amended per above, may have an adverse 
effect on the timing of the amount of collections under the loans granted to the Borrowers that make 
use of its provisions. 
Under Greek law, the Greek State and DYPA will not benefit from sovereign immunity in respect of 
their obligations. Investors should also note that enforcement of judgments against the Greek State or 
the DYPA may be subject to limitations. 
Any changes in Greek law or the administrative practice of the Greek State or the DYPA which affect 
the timing and amount of subsidised interest payable could result in an adverse affect of the ability of 
the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Sale of Loans and their Related Security following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer (or the Special 
Administrator, if appointed) shall be obliged to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets in respect of 
the relevant Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds, in accordance with the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the Transaction Account 
and applied in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. There is no guarantee that the 
Servicer will be able to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets as the Servicer may not be able to 
find a buyer at the time it is obliged to sell. 
The Issuer will have the right to prevent the sale of a Loan Asset to third parties by removing the 
Loan Asset made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring within ten Athens Business 
Days from the receipt of the offer letter, to the Transaction Account, an amount equal to the price set 
forth in such offer letter, subject to the provision of a solvency certificate. 
 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Servicer if Loan Assets are to be sold 
Following an Issuer Event, the Servicer will be obliged to sell Loan Assets to third parties (subject in 
certain circumstances to a right of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer) pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. In respect of any sale of Loan Assets to third parties, 
however, the Servicer will not be permitted to give representations and warranties or indemnities in 
respect of those Loan Assets. There is no assurance that the Issuer would give any representations and 
warranties or indemnities in respect of the Loan Assets. Any representations and warranties 
previously given by the Issuer in respect of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool may not have value for 
a third party purchaser if the Issuer is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable 
value of the Loan Assets could be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties or 
indemnities. See “Description of Principal Documents – Servicing and Cash Management Deed”.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest payable on the Loans in the 
Cover Pool (which may, for instance, include discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or 
rates of interest which track a base rate and other variable rates of interest) and EURIBOR for 1, 3 or 
6 month euro deposits, the Issuer may enter into an Interest Rate Swap with the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. In 
addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts 
received by the Issuer under the Loans in the Cover Pool and the Interest Rate Swaps and amounts 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may enter into a Covered Bond Swap with 
a Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Hedging Agreement, then it will 
have defaulted under that Hedging Agreement. A Hedging Counterparty is only obliged to make 
payments to the Issuer as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations under the relevant 
Hedging Agreement. If the Hedging Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults on 
its obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be 
paid to the Issuer on the due date for payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, the Issuer will 
be exposed to any changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the 
relevant rates of interest. Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient 
funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
If a Hedging Agreement terminates, then the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) may be obliged to 
make a termination payment to the relevant Hedging Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the 
Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will have sufficient funds available to make a termination 
payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Issuer will be 
able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the 
replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies. 
If the Issuer is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Hedging Agreement, such 
termination payment will rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the Interest 
Rate Swaps) and pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the Covered 
Bond Swaps), except where default by, or downgrade of, the relevant Hedging Counterparty has 
caused the relevant Swap Agreement to terminate. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain parties to this Transaction act in more than one capacity. The fact that these entities fulfil 
more than one role could lead to a conflict between the rights and obligations of these entities in one 
capacity and the rights and obligations of these entities in another capacity. In addition, this could also 
lead to a conflict between the interests of these entities and the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
Any such conflict may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Differences in timings of obligations of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the 
Covered Bond Swaps 
With respect to each of the Covered Bond Swaps, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will, 
periodically, pay or provide for payment of an amount to each corresponding Covered Bond Swap 
Provider based on EURIBOR for Euro deposits for the agreed period. The Covered Bond Swap 
Provider may not be obliged to make corresponding swap payments to the Issuer under a Covered 
Bond Swap until amounts are due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. If a Covered

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Bond Swap Provider does not meet its payment obligations to the Issuer under the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement or such Covered Bond Swap Provider does not make a termination payment 
that has become due from it to the Issuer under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Issuer may 
have a larger shortfall in funds with which to make payments under the Covered Bonds than if the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider’s payment obligations coincided with the Issuer’s payment obligations 
under the Covered Bond Swap. Hence, the difference in timing between the obligations of the Issuer 
and the obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Providers under the Covered Bond Swaps may affect 
the Issuer’s ability to make payments with respect to the Covered Bonds. A Covered Bond Swap 
Provider may be required, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, to 
post collateral with the Issuer if the relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider is 
downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement. 
Change of counterparties 
The parties to the Transaction Documents who receive and hold moneys pursuant to the terms of such 
documents (such as the Account Banks) are required to satisfy certain criteria in order that they can 
continue to receive and hold moneys. 
These criteria include requirements in relation to the short-term, unguaranteed and unsecured credit 
ratings ascribed to such party by one or more of the Rating Agencies. If the party concerned ceases 
to satisfy the applicable criteria, including the ratings criteria detailed above, then the rights and 
obligations of that party (including the right or obligation to receive moneys on behalf of the Issuer) 
may be required to be transferred to another entity which does satisfy the applicable criteria. In these 
circumstances, the terms agreed with the replacement entity may not be as favourable as those 
agreed with the original party pursuant to the relevant Transaction Document. 
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied, then the parties to the relevant 
Transaction Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, including 
the applicable criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed. The consent 
of Covered Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments and/or waivers. 
 
Appointment of a Special Administrator  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation (in conjunction with 
Greek insolvency law) provides that the Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from the 
insolvency estate of the Issuer until payment of all amounts due to the Covered Bondholders have 
been made in full. Article 21 of the Covered Bond Law provides that the Trustee shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint a Special Administrator upon the insolvency or resolution of the 
Issuer pursuant to the Transaction Documents.  
If no Special Administrator is appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the 
event of the Issuer's insolvency or resolution, the Bank of Greece may appoint a Special 
Administrator.  
The Special Administrator (if any) will be obliged to comply with the duties set out in Article 21 of 
the Covered Bond Law and to service (or procure the servicing of) the Loan Assets in accordance 
with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The statutory duties of the Special 
Administrator, as set out in Article 21(3) of the Covered Bond Law are: 
a) 
ensuring that the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds are met;  
 
b) 
managing and liquidating the Cover Pool including, if there is an opportunity to do so, 
transferring the assets comprising the Cover Pool, together with the obligations under the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Covered Bonds (and any Hedging Agreements and/or other contractual obligations relating to 
the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool) to another bank that is a covered bond issuer regulated 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation; 
  
c) 
ensuring that any receipts or recoveries received in respect of the Cover Pool are made available 
to pay the obligations and liabilities arising under the Covered Bonds, the Hedging Agreements 
and any other obligations secured by the Statutory Pledge, in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme; and  
 
d) 
carrying out the proper management of the assets comprising the Cover Pool, monitoring the 
Cover Pool to ensure that it continues to be sufficient to meet the liabilities and obligations 
arising under and in respect of the Covered Bonds and the other Transaction Documents 
(including for these purposes monitoring the ongoing compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
Statutory Tests), initiation of proceedings in order to return to the Cover Pool from the 
insolvency estate of the Issuer any Cover Assets that have been transferred from the Cover Pool 
to the insolvency estate of the Issuer, and following the redemption in full of all Covered Bonds 
and the satisfaction of all liabilities arising under or in respect of the Transaction Documents, to 
transfer to the Issuer (or its insolvency estate or as directed by any relevant resolution authority) 
all remaining assets in or representing the Cover Pool.  
Subject to certain conditions, the Special Administrator may transfer the assets comprising the Cover 
Pool, together with the obligations under the Covered Bonds (and any Hedging Agreements and/or 
other contractual obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool) to another bank that 
is a covered bond issuer regulated in accordance with the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation. Subject to certain conditions, the Special Administrator may also sell in all 
or any part of the Cover Pool to raise proceeds for the purposes of meeting obligations due to Covered 
Bondholders and/other counterparties under the Transaction Documents in accordance with the 
conditions of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Transaction Documents. The proceeds from any 
such sale will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied in accordance with the Priority of 
Payments. There is no guarantee that the Special Administrator will be able to generate sufficient 
funds from the Loan Assets that would enable all amounts to be paid in full under the Covered Bonds. 
There can also be no assurance that an appointment of a Special Administrator (or any delay in 
making such appointment) would not cause delays in payment on the Covered Bonds and Covered 
Bondholders might suffer loss as a result. See also “Insolvency of the Issuer” below. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Loan Assets 
in the Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change 
due to, for instance: 
a) 
the Issuer assigning Additional Cover Pool Assets to the Cover Pool; and 
 
b) 
the Issuer removing Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or substituting existing Cover Pool 
Assets in the Cover Pool with Additional Cover Pool Assets. 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of the Loan Assets assigned to the Cover Pool will be the 
same as those Loan Assets in the Cover Pool as at that date. However, each Loan Asset will be 
required to meet the Individual Eligibility Criteria and be subject to the representations and warranties 
set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. In addition, the Nominal Value Test to be 
carried out on each Applicable Calculation Date is intended to ensure that, as at the last calendar day 
of the calendar month immediately preceding such Applicable Calculation Date, the Nominal Value 
of the Cover Pool exceeds the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of 
Covered Bonds by the Minimum OC Percentage (or such higher percentage which the Issuer may

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
determine in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed (although there is no 
assurance that it will do so) and the Asset Monitor will provide, on an annual basis, an agreed upon 
procedures report on the required tests (including Nominal Value Test) where exceptions, if any, will 
be noted.   
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
One or more independent Rating Agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The credit 
ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may address the probability of default, loss given default and 
credit risk. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The expected credit ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each 
Series of Covered Bonds. Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the 
sole judgment of the Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in 
question. If any credit rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market 
value of the Covered Bonds may reduce. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Rating Agency Confirmation in respect of Covered Bonds  
The terms of certain of the Transaction Documents provide that, in certain circumstances (including, 
inter alia, amendments to the Transaction Documents), the Issuer must, and the Trustee may, obtain 
confirmation from one or more of the Rating Agencies (to the extent they are rating any Covered 
Bonds at that time) that any particular action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, the Servicer or the 
Trustee will not adversely affect or cause to be withdrawn the then current ratings of the Covered 
Bonds (a “Rating Agency Confirmation”). 
By acquiring the Covered Bonds, investors will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a credit rating is an assessment of credit and does not address other 
matters that may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders, including, without limitation, in the case 
of a Rating Agency Confirmation, whether any action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, Servicer, 
the Trustee or any other party to a Transaction Document is either (i) permitted by the terms of the 
relevant Transaction Document, or (ii) in the best interests of, or not prejudicial to, some or all of the 
Covered Bondholders. In being entitled to have regard to the fact that one or more of the Rating 
Agencies have confirmed that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds would not be adversely 
affected or withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the other Secured Creditors (including the 
Covered Bondholders) is deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that the above does not impose 
or extend any actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agencies to the Issuer, the Trustee, the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person or create any legal 
relations between the Rating Agencies and the Issuer, the Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including 
the Covered Bondholders) or any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
Any such Rating Agency Confirmation may or may not be given at the sole discretion of each Rating 
Agency. It should be noted that, depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any 
information needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating 
Agency cannot provide a Rating Agency Confirmation in the time available or at all, and the Rating 
Agency will not be responsible for the consequences thereof. Such confirmation, if given, will be 
given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, and in the context of 
cumulative changes to the transaction of which the securities form part since the issuance closing 
date. A Rating Agency Confirmation represents only a restatement of the opinions given, and is given 
on the basis that it will not be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will 
constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and pro rata without any preference 
or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series, except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default and service by the Trustee of a Notice of 
Default, the Covered Bonds of all outstanding Series will become immediately due and payable 
against the Issuer. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further Covered Bonds, provided that, inter alia: 
(i) 
there is no outstanding Issuer Event and that such issuance would not cause an Issuer Event; 
(ii) 
such issuance would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests; 
(iii) 
the Rating Agencies have been notified of such issuance; 
(iv) 
such issuance has been notified to the Bank of Greece in accordance with paragraph II.3 of 
the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation; and. 
(v) 
if applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
The Trustee may agree to modifications to the Transaction Documents without the Covered 
Bondholders’ or Secured Creditors’ prior consent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee may, without the consent 
or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders or any of the other Secured Creditors (other than the 
Swap Providers in respect of modification to the Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments, the Post-
Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of Payments, the Conditions, the Individual Eligibility Criteria 
or the Servicing and Cash Management Deed), concur with the Issuer and any other party in making 
any modification (other than a Series Reserved Matter) to the Transaction Documents and the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(i) 
provided that in the sole opinion of the Trustee, such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; or 
(ii) 
which in the sole opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to 
correct a manifest error, 
and Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has confirmed in writing to the 
Issuer that such modification will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds 
(and in the case of any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), 
such Rating Agency has been notified of such modification). 
Certain decisions of Covered Bondholders taken at Programme level  
Any Extraordinary Resolution to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action must be passed at a 
single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
Absence of secondary market 
There is not, at present, an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds, and no 
assurance is provided that a secondary market for the Covered Bonds will re-emerge. The Arranger is 
not obliged to and do not intend to make a market for the Covered Bonds. None of the Covered Bonds 
has been, or will be, registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws and 
they are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions. If a secondary market does re-emerge, it 
may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with 
liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to 
buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a 
desired yield. 
In addition, Covered Bondholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit 
market conditions (which continue at the date hereof), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in 
the secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. As a result of the liquidity crisis, 
there exist significant additional risks to the Issuer and the investors which may affect the returns on 
the Covered Bonds to investors. 
In addition, the liquidity crisis has stalled the primary market for a number of financial products 
including instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. While it is possible that the liquidity crisis may 
soon alleviate for certain sectors of the global credit markets, there can be no assurance that the 
market for securities similar to the Covered Bonds will recover at the same time or to the same degree 
as such other recovering global credit market sectors. 
General legal investment considerations 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered 
Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Changes in reference rates

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the euro interbank offered 
rate ("EURIBOR")) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark 
in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-
free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if an Inter Bank Offered Rate ("IBOR") were discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such 
IBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Covered Bonds. Depending on the manner in which the relevant IBOR rate is to be determined under 
the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, this may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant IBOR rate which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
applied in the previous period when the relevant IBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
which reference the relevant IBOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate determined by an 
Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in 
the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  If the Independent 
Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” or any other Transaction Document are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, then the necessary 
amendments shall be made to vary the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Coveredbonholders, as provided by Condition 4.2(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement Modifications).  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Covered Bonds.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of Covered Bonds in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
European Covered Bond (premium) Label 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” (in Greek “ΕυρωπαϊκόΚαλυμμένοΟμόλογο (ΑνωτέραςΠοιότητας)”, 
subject to the final assessment of the Programme by the Bank of Greece, certifying the label, 
and provided that the Covered Bonds are in compliance with Covered Bond Law and Article 129 of 
the CRR. Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under Covered Bond Law and Article 129 of the 
CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether 
or not to purchase any Covered Bonds and assess autonomously the compliance of the Covered Bonds 
with the applicable regulatory framework. No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that 
comprise the Cover Pool (including, without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 
129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without 
limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”. 
Furthermore, no assurance is given whether Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond 
(Premium) will continue to maintain such label even after their issuance.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common such features: 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Covered Bonds for tax reasons in the circumstances 
described in, and in accordance with, Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer). 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) is exercisable in whole or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in part. If the Issuer 
decides to redeem certain Covered Bonds in part only, such partial redemption may affect the 
liquidity of the Covered Bonds of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of the Covered Bonds of the same Series in respect of which the Issuer’s 
optional redemption is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Covered Bonds in respect of 
which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds since the 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread 
on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
In respect of any Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Covered 
Bond”, “Social Covered Bond” and “Sustainable Covered Bond”, the application of the net proceeds 
of such Covered Bonds (or an amount equal thereto) might not meet investor expectations or be (or 
remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Covered Bonds may provide that it will 
be the Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds (or an 
amount equal thereto) towards the financing and/or refinancing of projects and activities that promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental purposes in accordance with the National Bank of Greece 
Green Bond Framework (as defined below), as further described in the “General Information – Use of 
proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus (“Green Projects”) and / or that promote access to labour 
market and accomplishment of general interest initiatives (Social Projects) and/or that promote both 
Green Projects and Social Projects (respectively, “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” and “Sustainable 
Bonds”). The Issuer may request, on an annual basis, starting one year after the issuance of any such 
Covered Bonds and until full allocation, annual post-issuance review of the allocation of an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds to the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainable Bonds, provided 
by a qualified external party. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in “General 
Information – Use of proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary (including the then applicable National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework, as defined below). In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that 
the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects and for any Social Projects will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of, or related to, the 
relevant Green Projects or the relevant Social Projects). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market 
consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a "green", “social” or “sustainable” or equivalently 
labelled project is still under development. As a result, there is currently no clearly defined definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “social” 
or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label 
nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that 
any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. A basis for the determination of the 
definitions of, inter alia, “green” has been established in the EU with the publication in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy”). On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act, introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to define which activities 
contribute substantially to two of the environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. In 
addition, on 9 March 2022 the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Complementary

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to enter into 
force from 1 January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the 
Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation”) which is expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act 
that is adopted by the European Commission in implementation of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (the “Taxonomy Regulation Delegated 
Acts”) may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other 
amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening 
criteria.  
Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the Issuer’s Green Projects or any Social Projects will 
meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social” (or other equivalently-labelled) 
performance objectives (including those set out under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation 
and any Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Act) or that any adverse social or green and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social project. Moreover, in light of 
the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and positive 
social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be 
modified to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles and/or the EU 
framework standard. Such changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity 
of any Green Bond or Social Bond issued prior to their implementation. 
In April 2020, the Issuer published a framework relating to investments in Green Projects, which may 
be amended or updated from time to time, (the “National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework”) 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Bank’s 
website 
(https://www.nbg.gr/-
/jssmedia/Files/nbgportal/debt-investors/documents/NBG-Green-Bond-Framework_April-
2020vF.pdf?rev=6d3b4d606fa244fc8f5f51b84c776beb), together with a second-party opinion on the 
National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (the “Second-Party Opinion”). The most recent 
version of the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework will be available on the Issuer’s 
website. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework nor 
the Second-Party Opinion is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer, and including 
for the avoidance of doubt the Second-Party Opinion) which may or may not be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and in particular 
with any Green Projects or any Social Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds. 
Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In addition, a withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of such Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green or social assets. The withdrawal of any opinion or certification 
as described above, attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
In the event that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds are listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Green Projects and to any Social Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds so specified, respectively, for Green Projects and/or Social Projects in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (with 
respect to the Green Bonds only), this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms, there can be 
no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects and 
any Social Projects, as appropriate, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be 
totally disbursed for the specified Green Projects and/or the specified Social Projects, as applicable. 
Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects or such Social Projects, will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environmental goals, social goals, sustainability goals or similar goals) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with reporting obligations or to obtain 
any assessment, opinion or certification in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is obtained, and/or such Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any securities exchange or market, or any such failure to apply the proceeds of such Covered Bonds 
(or an amount equal thereto) for any Green Projects or Social Projects or to obtain and publish any 
such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications and irrespective of the results or outcome or 
otherwise of any Green Project or Social Project), will not (i) give rise to any claim of a 
Coveredbondholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default under the relevant Covered 
Bonds; or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Covered Bonds or be a relevant 
factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Covered Bonds. Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds will be segregated 
by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and 
interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds shall 
not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right 
against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the Covered Bonds are to be 
applied. 
Any such event or failure (as described in the paragraph above) and/or any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification or there being any such opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
not complying, in whole or in part, with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is obtained, and/or such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and 
also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance Green Projects 
and to finance Social Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Investors should refer to the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (as further described in 
“General Information – Use of proceeds” below) for further information with respect to the Green 
Bonds only. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. 
 
General risk factors 
Set out below is a description of risks relating to the Covered Bonds that have not been indicated in 
the previous paragraphs:  
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Insurance 
Under the terms and conditions of the Loan Documentation, each Borrower is required to obtain and 
maintain fire and earthquake insurance only, unless the property was built before 1 January 1960, in 
which case only fire insurance is available in the market. Accordingly, a claim under such policy for 
damage to the relevant property can be made only if the damage results from the occurrence of a fire 
or earthquake. However, this is not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of loans similar to the 
Loans made by other mortgage lenders in Greece who also only require borrowers to obtain and 
maintain fire and earthquake insurance. In addition, certain Borrowers, at their option, take out life 
insurance policies, with the Issuer as the primary loss payee, to secure their obligations under the 
relevant Loans. 
 
Delays in Enforcement Proceedings  
 
The reforms of the Greek Civil Procedure Code by virtue of Greek law 4335/2015, as amended and in 
force, aim at speeding up the conducting of enforcement proceedings. Nevertheless, the length, 
complexity and uncertainty of success of enforcement procedures in Greece may lead to a substantial 
delay in recovering any amounts due under any defaulted or delinquent loan which may adversely 
affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. For further information, 
see “Enforcing Security” in the section headed "The Mortgage and Housing Market in Greece". 
 
Auction Proceeds  
 
The proceeds of an auction following enforcement against a property securing a Loan must be 
allocated in accordance with the provisions of the Greek Civil Procedure Code. These articles require 
the notary public which acted as the auction clerk to deduct from the proceeds the expenses (including 
legal, bailiff's and notarial fees) incurred in connection with the enforcement proceedings. Following 
such deduction, the proceeds are allocated among participating creditors, depending on their

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
classification. Accordingly, the Issuer, as owner of a first ranking pre-notation could be limited to 
receiving approximately two-thirds or 65% (as applicable) of the proceeds raised by an auction of a 
property securing a Loan if creditors by operation of law or unsecured creditors co-exist. In such case, 
the proceeds may not be sufficient to discharge the amount that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer 
under the Loan, which may in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. For further information, see “Enforcing Security” in the section headed “The 
Mortgage and Housing Market in Greece”. 
However, given that the Loans are given a maximum 80% LTV indexed value for the purpose of 
calculating the Statutory Tests the value of the property securing a Loan should exceed the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of that portion of the Loan accredited value for the purposes of the 
Statutory Tests. Accordingly, the possibility that the Issuer will not receive sufficient proceeds 
following the enforcement against a property securing a Loan to discharge the amounts that are owed 
to it by the relevant Borrower is reduced. 
 
Special Insolvency Schemes  
In addition to the standard enforcement and bankruptcy procedures, a series of special insolvency 
schemes were enacted over the last years for individuals or businesses, including Greek laws 
3869/2010, 4307/2014, and 4605/2019, resulting in a fragmented and complex insolvency framework 
in Greece. In 2020, Greek law 4738/2020 was enacted introducing a new bankruptcy regime for 
individuals and legal entities, which entered into force on 1 March 2021. Upon the new law coming 
into force, debtors are no longer able to apply for submission to the procedures under Greek law 
4307/2014, whereas submission to the procedures under Greek law 3869/2010 is no longer available 
as of 1 June 2021; thus concerns raised in relation to those procedures of the previous legal regime 
will be relevant only for procedures already commenced until such date. For further information, see 
“Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals”, “The out-of-court debt settlement process 
pursuant to Greek law 4738/2020” and “Settlement of business debts” in the Section “Regulation and 
Supervision of Banks In Greece” 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the legislative package on 
covered bond reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) (the 
“Covered Bond Directive”) and a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2160) (the “Article 129 
Regulation”), which entered into force on 7 January 2020 with the deadline for application of 8 July 
2022 (both texts have relevance for the EEA and are to be implemented in due course in other 
countries in the EEA, and, for these purposes, the EEA includes the UK). The Covered Bond 
Directive replaces current article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC (the “UCITS Directive”), establishes 
a revised common base-line for issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various 
options that members states may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through 
national laws). The Covered Bond Directive does not have direct effect in EEA jurisdictions and will 
need to be implemented in the relevant jurisdiction by national legislation. In Greece, this has been 
effected by way of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation. The Article 129 Regulation is directly 
applicable in Member States from 8 July 2022 and it amends article 129 of the CRR (and certain 
related provisions) and further strengthens the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential 
capital treatment under the CRR regime.  
 
In addition, it should be noted that the Covered Bond Directive provides for permanent grandfathering 
with respect to certain requirements of the new regime for article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant 
covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 and includes an option for the Member States to allow tap 
issues with respect to grandfathered covered bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022), provided 
such tap issues comply with certain prescribed requirements.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
The Covered Bond Law implemented into Greek law the Covered Bond Directive, including its 
grandfathering provisions, and is the primary legal basis for covered bond issuance in Greece. On 9 
February 2023 the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece issued decision nr. 215/1/03.02.2023 
on the basis of the provisions and authorisations of the Covered Bond law which together with the 
Covered Bond Law, shall constitute the Greek Covered Bond Legislation. The Covered Bonds are 
expected to be fully compliant with the CRR. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of 
the regulatory developments described above or other regulatory changes not currently known to the 
Issuer will impact the treatment of the Covered Bonds for investors. 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are 
based on English and Greek law and administrative practice, respectively, in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under 
such law and practice. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to English 
or Greek law (or the laws of any other jurisdiction) (including any change in regulation which may 
occur without a change in the primary legislation) or administrative practice in the U.K. or Greece 
after the date of this Base Prospectus or can any assurance be given as to whether any such change 
would adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability 
through increased regulation of financial institutions, and their corresponding capital and liquidity 
positions. This has resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of 
implementation and which may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in 
covered bond exposures and/or on the incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may 
thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. Investors in the Covered Bonds are responsible for 
analysing their own regulatory position and none of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arrangers makes any 
representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Covered Bonds regarding the treatment of 
their investment on the closing date or at any time in the future. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) has 
approved a series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such 
changes being referred to by the BCBS as “Basel III”). Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening 
of existing prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with 
heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio 
“backstop” for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards. BCBS member countries 
agreed to implement the initial phase of the Basel III reforms from 1 January 2013 and the second phase 
from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements. As 
implementation of Basel III requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its 
implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds, may be subject to some 
level of national variation. It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have 
been made for insurance and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such 
as Directive No. 2009/138/EC (“Solvency II”) framework in Europe. Prospective investors should 
therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above (and any corresponding 
implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable 
regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Covered Bonds. No predictions can be 
made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
It should also be noted that in November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the 
legislative package on covered bond reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 
2019/2162) and a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2160) which entered into force on 7 January 
2020 with the deadline for application of 8 July 2022 (both texts have relevance for the EEA and are to 
be implemented in due course in other countries in the EEA) (the “Covered Bond Directive”). The new 
covered bond directive replaces Article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive, establishes a revised common

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that 
members states may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through national laws). 
The new regulation is directly applicable in the EU, and Article 129 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation (“EU CRR”) (and certain related provisions) and further strengthens the criteria for covered 
bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the EU CRR regime. As EU CRR permits 
the exercise of certain national discretion, the implementation may be subject to some level of national 
variation. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the changes and corresponding 
national implementing measures in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect 
to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Covered Bonds 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds that have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case, a Covered Bondholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which (after deducting integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination) is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Covered Bonds be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that definitive Covered 
Bonds that have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit other than the 
Specified Currency (the “Investor’s Currency”). These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the 
Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered 
Bonds and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
 
Greek Withholding Tax 
Potential investors of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing Covered Bonds and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts or delivery of securities under the Covered Bonds and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. Please refer to the “Taxation” 
section below for further details.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated by reference, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
Unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Bank and the Group as 
at and for the three month period ended 31 March 2023 (the “Three Months 2023 Financial 
Statements”) which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS (available at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/Group/enhmerwsh-ependutwn/Financial-statements-
annual-interim/Financial-Report-31-03-2023-
EN.pdf?rev=ee9f25859a074c73bbd05f4ddf8797c2&_gl=1*1ba4g99*_ga*MTQ2ODc1OTQ
5NC4xNjg1NDQ3Mzgw*_up*MQ..*_ga_44Y14P97V7*MTY4NTQ0NzM3OS4xLjAuMT
Y4NTQ0NzM3OS4wLjAuMA..); 
(b) 
Group and Bank 2022 Annual Financial Report, which includes the Certification of the 
Board of Directors, the Board of Directors’ Report, the Independent Auditor’s Report and the 
Audited Separate and Consolidated Financial Statements for the Bank and the Group as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2022, which have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as endorsed by the EU (the “2022 Annual Financial Statements”) (available at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/Group/enhmerwsh-
ependutwn/Annual_Financial_Reports/Annual-Financial-Report-2022-
EN.pdf?rev=3b86ce6e80654f629e2fb3557f93c820&_gl=1*15i0tqa*_ga*MTgxMjg1NDY1
OS4xNjg0NTA5NTEx*_up*MQ..*_ga_44Y14P97V7*MTY4NDUwOTUxMS4xLjAuMTY
4NDUwOTUxMS4wLjAuMA..); 
(c) 
Unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Bank and the Group as 
at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2022 (the “Six Months 2022 Financial 
Statements”) which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS (available at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/Group/enhmerwsh-ependutwn/Financial-statements-
annual-interim/Financial-Report-30-06-2022-
EN.pdf?rev=30d42e6cae7446c89d0833fcd021bbf6&_gl=1*1kipp27*_ga*MTQ2ODc1OTQ
5NC4xNjg1NDQ3Mzgw*_up*MQ..*_ga_44Y14P97V7*MTY4NTQ0NzM3OS4xLjAuMT
Y4NTQ0NzM3OS4wLjAuMA..); and 
(d) 
Group and Bank 2021 Annual Financial Report, which includes the Certification of the 
Board of Directors, the Board of Directors’ Report, the Independent Auditor’s Report and the 
Audited Separate and Consolidated Financial Statements for the Bank and the Group as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2021, which have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as endorsed by the EU (the “2021 Annual Financial Statements” and, together with 
the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, the “Annual Financial Statements”) (available at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/Group/enhmerwsh-
ependutwn/Annual_Financial_Reports/Annual-Financial-Report-2021-
EN.pdf?rev=1af4ccd624fb46b1a0e321f203dc4fde&_gl=1*1ttn022*_ga*MTgxMjg1NDY1O
S4xNjg0NTA5NTEx*_up*MQ..*_ga_44Y14P97V7*MTY4NDUwOTUxMS4xLjAuMTY4
NDUwOTUxMS4wLjAuMA..); and 
(e) 
The sections entitled ‘Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds’' set out on pages 111 to 
146 (inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 9 April 2019 (for the avoidance of doubt, the 
applicable Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will indicate the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to such Series or Tranche and, unless otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of all Covered Bonds issued after the date 
hereof shall be those set out in full in this Base Prospectus) (available at

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/nbgportal/debt-
investors/documents/National_Bank_of_Greece_CB1_2019_Base_Prospectus.pdf?rev=9a33
52ea0fe94bbab659063ac6409690&_gl=1*1t5cspq*_ga*ODEzMTMwMDc3LjE2OTAyOD
A1NjA.*_up*MQ..*_ga_44Y14P97V7*MTY5MDI4MDU2MC4xLjAuMTY5MDI4MDU2
MC4wLjAuMA..). The remaining portions of the Base Prospectus dated 9 April 2019 are not 
relevant for prospective investors. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement to this Base Prospectus may be 
prepared by the Issuer and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained free of 
charge from the registered office of the Issuer at 86 Aiolou Street, 10559 Athens, the Issuer's website 
https://www.nbg.gr/en/group/investor-relations, 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
website 
www.luxse.com and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London 
and Luxembourg. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein, which for the 
avoidance of doubt are not mentioned in the cross-reference list below, are either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation, any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either 
not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE AUDITOR’S REPORT AND AUDITED 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. FOR 
THE FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021 
 
 
 
31 December 2022
31 December 2021
Information Incorporated
Statement of Financial Position
p. 184
p. 182 
Income Statement
p. 185
p. 183
Statement of changes in equity
p. 187-188
p. 185-186
Cash-flow statement
p. 189
p. 187
Accounting policies and explanatory notes
p. 190-305
p. 188-314
Auditor’s report
p. 176-182 
p. 174-180
 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list is considered 
as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. FOR THE SIX MONTH 
PERIOD ENDED 30 JUNE 2022 
 
Information Incorporated 
30 June 2022 
 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report  
p. 46 
Statement of Financial Position  
p. 48 
Income Statement – 6-month period 
p. 49 
Statement of changes in equity  
p. 53-54 
Cash-flow statement  
p. 55 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
p. 56-91 
 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross reference list is considered 
as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. FOR THE THREE 
MONTH PERIOD ENDED 31 MARCH 2023 
 
Information Incorporated 
31 March 2023 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position  
p. 3 
Income Statement – 3-month period 
p. 4 
Statement of changes in equity - Group 
p. 6 
Cash-flow statement  
p. 7 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
p. 8-38 
 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross reference list is considered 
as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Covered Bond (as defined below) and each Definitive Covered Bond (as 
defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such Definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Covered Bond and Definitive 
Covered Bond. Reference should be made to “Form of the Covered Bonds” for a description of the 
content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by National Bank 
of Greece S.A. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to the Trust Deed (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and 
shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a “Global Covered 
Bond”), units of the lowest denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms (“Specified 
Denomination”) in the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms (“Specified 
Currency”); 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond; and 
(c) 
any definitive Covered Bonds (each a “Definitive Covered Bond”) issued in exchange for a 
Global Covered Bond. 
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) are constituted by a trust deed (such trust 
deed as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) dated the 
Programme Closing Date and made between inter alios the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
(the “Trustee”, which expression includes the trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust Deed) 
as trustee for the Covered Bondholders. 
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement 
(such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated the Programme Closing Date and made between inter alios the Issuer, 
Citibank N.A. as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent), and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing Definitive Covered Bonds have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein 
to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference 
to Talons or talons. Global Covered Bonds do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond which complete these Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent 
so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
purposes of this Covered Bond. References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. 
Any reference to Covered Bondholders or holders in relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean the 
holders of the Covered Bonds and shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global 
Covered Bond, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall 
mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders 
of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except 
for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer 
and of the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this 
Covered Bond is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Covered Bondholder holding one or more Covered Bonds and such Covered Bondholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such 
Covered Bonds and identity. The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in these 
Conditions shall bear the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms and/or the master 
definitions and construction schedule made between the parties to the Transaction Documents on or 
about the Programme Closing Date as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from time 
to time (the “Master Definitions and Construction Schedule”), a copy of each of which may be 
obtained as described above. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified 
Denomination. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
other higher amount as is required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds that 
(i) there is no Issuer Event outstanding and that such issuance would not cause an Issuer

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Event, (ii) such issuance would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) the 
Rating Agencies, to the extent they are rating any Covered Bonds at that time, have been 
notified of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been notified to the Bank of Greece in 
accordance with Article 20(4) of the Covered Bond Law and (v) if applicable, in respect of 
any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into.  
Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions 
are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Covered Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery. The 
Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Covered Bond or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Covered 
Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error and any such 
certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or printout of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including, without limitation, Euroclear's 
EUCLID or Clearstream's Cedcom system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the holder of a particular nominal amount of the Covered Bonds is clearly identified 
with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Covered Bonds, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Covered Bond shall be 
treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Covered Bond and the expressions Covered Bondholder and holder of Covered Bonds and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
2. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
Status 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer secured by (i) the statutory pledge provided by Article 14(2) of the Covered Bond Law 
(the Statutory Pledge) in respect of the Greek law governed Cover Pool Assets and (ii) the

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Deed of Charge in respect of the other Cover Pool Assets. They are issued in accordance with 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation and are backed by the assets of the Cover Pool. They will at 
all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
3. 
Priorities of Payments 
Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments  
Following an Issuer Event but prior to the delivery of a Notice of Default, the Servicer shall 
apply all Covered Bonds Available Funds on each Cover Pool Payment Date in making the 
following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (the Post-Issuer Event 
Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full):  
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due and payable or to become due 
and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date to the Trustee (including 
remuneration payable to it) under the provisions of the Trust Deed together with 
interest and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof to pay 
any additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable on the Cover Pool 
Payment Date or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable 
prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date to fund any notice to be given to any 
parties in accordance with any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay 
all amounts due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment 
Date (and for which payment has not been provided for elsewhere in the relevant 
Priorities of Payments), to any Secured Creditors other than the Covered Bondholders 
with the exception of any amount due to be paid, or that will become due and payable 
prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date, to the Hedging Counterparties under the 
Hedging Agreements, and (b) to the Servicer an amount representing the cost of the 
Levy in respect of such Loans received from Borrowers, such amount to be used by 
the Servicer towards satisfaction of the Issuer's obligation to pay any Levy; 
(iv) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay 
all amounts of interest due and payable on the Pass-Through Covered Bonds and on 
the Covered Bonds on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all such 
amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date 
on any Covered Bonds and (b) to pay any amounts due and payable on the Cover 
Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date under any Hedging Agreement 
other than Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under 
any such Hedging Agreement; 
(v) 
fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger with an amount equal to the 
difference between the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount and the aggregate 
of the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger and the 
nominal value of Liquid Assets which have not matured on or prior to such Cover 
Pool Payment Date (other than Liquid Assets represented by amounts previously 
credited to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) purchased from amounts previously

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
credited to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger after having made the payments 
under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, only to the extent that the same would not give rise 
to a Cover Pool Event of Default pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof all 
amounts of principal due and payable in respect of any Series of Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds and any other Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding on the Cover 
Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment Date (if any) on any Series of Pass-
Through Covered Bonds and any other Series of Covered Bonds; 
(vii) 
seventh, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, any remaining 
Covered Bonds Available Funds will remain standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account, or, as applicable, be deposited in the Transaction Account;  
(viii) 
eighth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount due and payable on the Cover Pool Payment Date, or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Cover Pool Payment 
Date to any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination 
Payment; and 
(ix) 
nineth, to pay any excess to the Issuer.  
Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of Payments 
Following the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default and the delivery of a Notice of 
Default all funds deriving from the Cover Pool Assets and the Transaction Documents, 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account shall be applied on any Athens Business 
Day in accordance with the following order of priority of payments (the Post-Cover Pool 
Event of Default Priority of Payments and, together with the Post-Issuer Event Priority of 
Payments, the Priorities of Payments and, each of them a Priority of Payments) (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) 
provided that any such amount has not been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of 
the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee is entitled pursuant to the Trust Deed 
and any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Trustee (a) following the 
occurrence of a Potential Cover Pool Event of Default in connection with or as a 
result of serving on the Issuer a Notice of Default (to the extent that any such amounts 
have not yet been paid out of the Covered Bonds Available Funds before the delivery 
of a Notice of Default) and (b) following the delivery of a Notice of Default in 
connection with or as a result of the enforcement of (A) the security granted under the 
Statutory Pledge and the Deed of Charge and/or (B) any other right or remedy that the 
Trustee is entitled to, or is required to pursue, under or in connection with the 
Transaction Documents and the Covered Bonds for the purpose of protecting the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors; 
(ii) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to 
pay all amounts of interest and principal then due and payable on any Covered Bonds, 
(b) to pay any additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable in 
connection with any listing or deposit of the Covered Bonds or to fund any notice to 
be given to any parties in accordance with any of the Transaction Documents or to the 
Covered Bondholders, (c) to pay all amounts due and payable to any Secured 
Creditors, other than the Covered Bondholders and (d) any amounts due and payable

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
under any Hedging Agreement other than the Subordinated Termination Payments to 
any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements; 
(iii) 
third, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount due and payable to any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any 
Subordinated Termination Payment; and 
(iv) 
fourth, following the payment in full of all items under (i) to (iii) above, to pay all 
excess amounts to the Issuer. 
4. 
Interest 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest. Interest will be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Final Maturity Date.  
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
the Fixed Interest Period ending on but excluding such date (Fixed Coupon Amount). 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the broken amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Broken 
Amount) so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit  
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
4.2 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions  
(a) 
Interest on Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, 
an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, the 
expression Interest Period shall mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided that in any circumstances where under the 
ISDA definitions the Calculation Agent or Principal Paying Agent would be required 
to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference banks and seeking 
quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the 
relevant determinations(s) which require the Calculation Agent or the Principal 
Paying Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its 
designee. For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the ISDA Definitions), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day of 
that Interest Period or (II) in any other case, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), (1) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions and (2) Euro-zone means the region 
comprising the member states of the European Union (the “Member States”) that 
adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
When this subparagraph (i) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the 
Principal Paying Agent or the above-mentioned person will be deemed to have 
discharged its obligations under Condition 4.2(d) below in respect of the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this subparagraph (i). 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest 
pursuant to this subparagraph (ii) in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at 
the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Minimum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Maximum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater 
than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global 
Covered Bond, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
represented by such Global Covered Bond (or, if they are Partly Paid Covered Bonds, 
the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive 
form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee 
and to any stock exchange or other relevant competent authority or quotation system on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded 
or by which they have been admitted to listing or trading and to be published in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.5) thereafter and in the case of any 
notification to be given to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the first Business 
Day of each Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will be promptly notified to the Trustee and 
each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded or by which they have been admitted 
to listing or trading and to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time after the Issue Date, the Principal Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate of 
Interest or the Principal Paying Agent defaults in its obligation to calculate any Interest 
Amount in accordance with subparagraph 4.2(b)(i) or 4.2(b)(ii) above or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in accordance 
with paragraph 4.2(d) above, the Trustee may determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in 
its absolute discretion (having such regard as it may think fit to the foregoing provisions of

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or, as the case may be, the Trustee may calculate the Interest Amount(s) in 
such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. In making any such 
determination or calculation, the Trustee may appoint and rely on a determination or 
calculation by a calculation agent (which shall be an investment bank or other suitable entity 
of international repute). If such determination or calculation is made the Trustee shall as soon 
as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer and the Stock Exchange of such determination or 
calculation and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee 
shall (in the absence of wilful default or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Trustee and all Covered 
Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, gross negligence, bad 
faith or fraud) no liability to the Issuer the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement 
In addition, notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4.2 (Floating Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions), if the Issuer determines that the relevant Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered when any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer), no 
later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period (the “Relevant Interest Determination Date”), a 
Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below) for purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
prior to the Relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference 
Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark Replacement)); 
provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to or

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (as applicable) shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the preceding Interest Period (or 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest 
shall be the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) (subject, where 
applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to such preceding Interest Period 
for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period); for the avoidance 
of doubt, the provison in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also specify 
changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Covered 
Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered 
Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. Covered Bondholder consent 
shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or such other changes; and 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Agents and the 
Covered Bondholders, which shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any consequential changes 
made to the Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement):  
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Covered Bondholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international covered bonds 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international bond markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of 
bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international bond markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Hellenic Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and  
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement Modifications 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 14 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, 
Modification and Waiver) but subject as provided in the next following paragraph, the Trustee 
shall be obliged, without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders or any of the 
other Secured Creditors, to concur with the Issuer in making any modification to these 
Conditions or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or in relation to which it 
holds security or entering into any new, supplemental or additional documents that the Issuer 
certifies to the Trustee is considered by the Issuer necessary or advisable for the purpose of 
changing the Reference Rate to a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance 
with Condition 4.2(i) (such certification being a “Benchmark Rate Modification 
Certificate”).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
When implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 4.2(i) (Benchmark 
Replacement Modifications), (i) the Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders, any other Secured Creditor or any other person and shall act and rely solely and 
without further investigation, on any Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate and shall not 
be liable to the Covered Bondholders, any other Secured Creditor or any other person for so 
acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such person; and (ii) the Trustee shall not be obliged to 
agree to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Trustee would have the effect of 
(A) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protection, of the Trustee in the Transaction Documents and/or these 
Conditions. 
4.3 
Interest on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds  
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. When a Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date it will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with Condition 6.5 (Early Redemption Amounts). In the case of late payment the amount due 
and repayable shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Late Payment). 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption 
of part only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for 
redemption thereof unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment, in which event, 
interest will continue to accrue as provided in Condition 6.8 (Late Payment). 
4.5 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fractions and other adjustments 
(a) 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and Athens and any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre) or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (B) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(b) 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4.2(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (1) in the case 
of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
provisions of (II) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (2) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (II) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
(as defined in Condition 4.5(e)) during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of (I) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and (II) the 
number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 









360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2













360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Final Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30. 
(d) 
Determination Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date). 
(f) 
Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
Interest Commencement Date means in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the relevant Covered 
Bonds will accrue interest. 









360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(h) 
Interest Payment Date means, in respect of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning given 
in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning 
given in Condition 4.2, together the Interest Payment Dates. 
(i) 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(j) 
Principal Amount Outstanding means in respect of a Covered Bond on any day the 
principal amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal 
amounts received by the relevant Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that 
day provided that the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Covered Bond that has 
been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer shall be zero. 
(k) 
If adjusted is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, interest 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, as such 
Interest Payment Date shall, where applicable, be adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention. 
(l) 
If not adjusted is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, 
interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, but 
such Interest Payment Dates shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
(m) 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, euro 0.01. 
5. 
Payments 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Yen 
to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, 
a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall 
be Sydney and Auckland, respectively);  
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or electronic transfer to a euro account (or 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. Dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. Dollar account 
maintained by the payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, 
as used in this Condition 5, means the United States of America, including the State 
and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to 
its jurisdiction), or by cheque drawn on a United States bank.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
In no event will payment in respect of Covered Bonds be made by a cheque mailed to an 
address in the United States. All payments of interest in respect of Covered Bonds will be 
made to accounts located outside the United States except as may be permitted by United 
States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. References to Specified Currency will include any successor currency under 
applicable law. 
5.2 
Presentation of Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) (other than instalments of principal prior to the 
final instalment) will (subject as provided below) be made in accordance with Condition 
5.1(Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender of Definitive Covered Bonds 
or Coupons (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of the Definitive 
Covered Bond (or Coupon)), as the case may be, only at a specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and 
other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered 
Bonds) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which an amount equal to the face value of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted 
from the amount due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Prescription)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void 
under Condition 10(Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due but in no event thereafter. 
Upon amounts in respect of any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming 
due and repayable by the Issuer prior to its Final Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, 
Extended Final Maturity Date), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will 
become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer 
form, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Covered Bond is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
(other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date 
on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered Bond.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date 
shall be payable only against presentation and surrender of the relevant Definitive Covered 
Bond. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any 
Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above 
in relation to Definitive Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Global Covered Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Covered Bond if the Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in new global covered 
bond (NGCB) form at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. On 
the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Global Covered Bond which is not issued 
in NGCB form, a record of such payment made on such Global Covered Bond, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global 
Covered Bond by the Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made and (ii) in the case of any Global Covered Bond which is 
issued in NGCB form, the Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
No payments of principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of a Global Covered Bond 
will be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account 
maintained in the United States. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The bearer of a Global Covered Bond or the Trustee shall be the only person entitled to 
receive payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and 
the obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Covered Bond (or the Trustee, as the case may be) in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such 
Global Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Covered Bond (or the Trustee, as the case may be). No person other than the 
holder of the relevant Global Covered Bond (or, as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) 
shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Covered 
Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Covered Bonds in U.S. Dollars will only be made at the specified office 
of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and/or interest on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day (as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the 
relevant amount due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any 
interest or other sum in respect of any such delay. In this Condition (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), Payment Day means any day which (subject to 
Condition 10 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
London;  
(C) 
Athens; and  
(D) 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation, Athens, London and any Additional 
Business Centre) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition 
thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount (as defined in the Final Terms) (the Final 
Redemption Amount) of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds but excluding any amount of 
interest referred to therein; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined 
in Condition 6.5(iii)); and

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or 
in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
5.7 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders, on 
giving prior written notice to the Trustee and the Agents, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the 
notice, the Covered Bonds shall be redenominated in euro. In relation to any Covered Bonds 
where the applicable Final Terms provides for a minimum Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and which are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, it shall be a term of any such 
redenomination that the holder of any Covered Bonds held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg must have credited to its securities account with the relevant 
clearing system a minimum balance of Covered Bonds of at least €100,000. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for the Covered Bond equal to the nominal 
amount of that Covered Bond in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the 
Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, in consultation with the 
Agents that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice 
and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Covered Bondholders, the competent listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or market (if any) on or by which the Covered Bonds 
may be listed and/or admitted to trading and the Paying Agents of such deemed 
amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds will 
be calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for 
payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded 
down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if Definitive Covered Bonds are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, 
they shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of €100,000 
and/or such higher amounts as the Agents may determine and notify to the Covered 
Bondholders and any remaining amounts less than €100,000 shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer and paid to the Covered Bondholders in euro in accordance with Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in 
the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Covered Bonds) will become 
void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Notice) that replacement euro-denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons are 
available for exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no 
payments will be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any 
Covered Bonds and Coupons so issued will also become void on that date although 
those Covered Bonds and Coupons will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons will be 
issued in exchange for Covered Bonds and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Agents may specify and as shall be notified to the 
Covered Bondholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given 
less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Covered 
Bonds; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the 
Covered Bonds to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in 
euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a 
euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and interest for any period 
ending on or after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period 
ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; 
(vii) 
(if the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to this Condition (and the Transaction Documents) 
as the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Agents and as may be specified 
in the notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated 
in euro. 
5.8 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Accrual Yield has, in relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of the Covered Bonds 
(other than any Series which is fully collateralised by amounts standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account) that has or have the earliest Final Maturity Date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (ignoring any acceleration of amounts due under the Covered Bonds 
prior to a Cover Pool Event of Default). 
Early Redemption Amount means the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.5 
(Early Redemption Amounts).

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion (if any) of the relevant Specified 
Currency (including compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with 
applicable European Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty. 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution of the Covered Bondholders passed as such 
under the terms of the Trust Deed. 
Minimum Rate of Interest means in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the percentage 
rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notice of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 9 (Cover Pool Events of Default 
and Enforcement). 
Optional Redemption Amount has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Potential Cover Pool Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the 
lapse of time and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, 
demand, determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the 
fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute a Cover Pool Event of Default. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as determined in, or as determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Covered Bonds) any date for 
payment of interest under the Covered Bonds or (in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to Condition 5.7 (Redenomination) above and which falls on or after the date on 
which the country of the relevant Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union. 
Reference Price has, in respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Screen Rate Determination means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined 
in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(ii). 
Secured Creditors means the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders, the Trustee, any 
Receiver, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Servicer, the Hedging 
Counterparties and any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any Transaction Document 
entered into in the course of the Programme having recourse to the Cover Pool (provided that 
where NBG performs any of the above roles, NBG will not be a Secured Creditor). 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1 
(a) 
Final redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled as specified below, 
each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
(i) 
Without prejudice to Condition 8 (Issuer Events) and Condition 9 (Cover Pool Events 
of Default and Enforcement), if the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable Final Maturity 
Date specified in the Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of any 
unpaid Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be automatically deferred until 
the Extended Final Maturity Date and the relevant Series of Covered Bonds shall 
become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, provided that any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on such Series of Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds after the Final Maturity Date shall be paid by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies, any relevant Hedging Counterparty, 
the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in 
any event at least four Athens Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date of any 
inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to 
notify such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor 
give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iii) 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event and breach of the Amortisation Test all 
Series of Covered Bonds become Pass-Through Covered Bonds and the Issuer shall 
redeem all Series of Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date, in accordance 
with and subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
(iv) 
Failure to pay by the Issuer of the Final Redemption Amount on any Series of 
Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date shall not constitute a Cover Pool Event of 
Default for the purposes of Condition 9.1(a) (but, for the avoidance of doubt, such 
failure to pay shall be deemed to be a payment default and, accordingly, constitute an 
Issuer Event). 
(v) 
Pursuant to Article 19(1)(e) of the Covered Bond Law, in the event of the insolvency 
or resolution of the Issuer, the extension of the Final Maturity Date under this 
Condition 6.1(b) shall not affect the ranking of Covered Bond investors or amend the 
sequencing of the Covered Bonds original maturity schedule. 
(vi) 
Pursuant to Article 19(1)(f) of the Covered Bond Law, the extension of the Final 
Maturity Date under this Condition 6.1(b) shall not change the structural features of 
the Covered Bonds regarding dual recourse as referred to in Article 6 of the Covered 
Bond Law and bankruptcy remoteness as referred to in Article 7 of the Covered Bond 
Law.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
6.2 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if the relevant Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the relevant Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee and, in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the 
Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that on the occasion 
of the next date for payment of interest on the relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer is or would 
be required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 (Redemption for taxation reasons) 
will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.5 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an issuer call is specified in the applicable Final Terms (Issuer Call), the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders and the 
Trustee in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) below with a copy of such notice 
to be provided to the Trustee; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent; 
which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the 
Optional Redemption Date), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount (if any) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bonds to be redeemed (the Redeemed Covered Bonds) will be selected individually by lot, 
in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented 
by a Global Covered Bond, in each case, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of 
Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices) not less than 15 days (or such shorter period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds or represented by Global 
Covered Bonds shall, in each case, bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate nominal amount of Definitive Covered 
Bonds or Global Covered Bonds outstanding bears, in each case, to the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding on the Selection Date, provided that such nominal 
amounts shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination. No exchange of the relevant Global Covered Bond will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16(Notices) at least five days (or 
such shorter period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Selection Date. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders (Investor Put) 
(i) 
If an investor put is specified in the Final Terms (the Investor Put), then if and to the 
extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of this Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' (or such other notice 
period specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered 
Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms, together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. 
(ii) 
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Covered Bond, the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver such Covered 
Bond, on any Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.5) falling within the above-
mentioned notice period at the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by 
a duly signed and completed notice of exercise of the Investor Put in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6.4.  
(iii) 
Any Put Notice given by a Covered Bondholder of any Covered Bond pursuant to 
this Condition shall be irrevocable. 
It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or 
circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.1 (Final redemption), Condition 6.2 (Redemption for taxation 
reasons) and Condition 9 (Cover Pool Events of Default and Enforcement), each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue 
Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Covered Bond other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, with a Final 
Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issuer Price or which 
is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Covered Bond is 
denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its Principal Amount Outstanding, together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due and 
repayable. 
Where such calculation in paragraph (ii) above is to be made for a period which is not a whole 
number of years, it shall be made (A) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in 
a Specified Currency other than euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months 
of 30 days each, or (B) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in euro, on the 
basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (y) the number of those days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) or (C) on such 
other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire 
Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) at any 
price in the open market either by tender or private agreement or otherwise. If purchases are 
made by tender, tenders must be available to all Covered Bondholders alike. Such Covered 
Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.7 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case 
of Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any 
Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.6 
(Purchases) and cancelled (together with, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.8 
Late Payment 
If any amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused upon 
its becoming due and repayable or is paid after its due date, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Covered Bond (the Late Payment) shall itself accrue interest (both before and 
after any judgment or other order of a court of competent jurisdiction) from (and including) 
the date on which such payment was improperly withheld or refused or, as the case may be, 
became due, to (but excluding) the Late Payment Date in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) 
or 4.2 (Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions), as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at a rate equal to the Accrual Yield, 
in each case on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, on a 30/360 basis.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.8, the Late Payment Date shall mean the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date which the Principal Paying Agent determines to be the date on which, upon 
further presentation of the relevant Covered Bond, payment of the full amount 
(including interest as aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered 
Bond is to be made; and 
(ii) 
the seventh day after notice is given to the relevant Covered Bondholder (whether 
individually or in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) that the full amount 
(including interest as aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered 
Bond is available for payment, 
provided that in the case of both (i) and (ii), upon further presentation thereof being duly 
made, such payment is made. 
6.9 
Portfolio Manager 
If within one calendar month of the First Refinance Date or, if applicable, within one calendar 
month of the further Refinance Date (if applicable), the Servicer has not completed the 
appointment of a Portfolio Manager in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed and provided that no Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of another 
Series of Covered Bonds where that appointment is continuing, then following notice from 
the Servicer (pursuant to Clause 6.4(d) of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) that no 
Portfolio Manager has been appointed (the “Servicer’s Notice”), Covered Bondholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate Principal Amount outstanding of all Series of 
Covered Bonds may within 10 Athens Business Days of receipt of a Servicer’s Notice, 
nominate a Portfolio Manager in writing (such nomination to contain evidence to the 
reasonable satisfaction of the Trustee to verify the relevant Covered Bondholder’s holdings 
(which could include a screenshot of the Covered Bondholder’s holdings) to the Trustee and 
Servicer for appointment by the Servicer.  The Trustee shall notify the Covered Bondholders 
of each nomination it receives within five Athens Business Days of receipt.  Following receipt 
of that notice and provided that no Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of 
another Series of Covered Bonds, Covered Bondholders holding more than 50 per cent. of the 
aggregate Principal Amount outstanding of a Series of Covered Bonds may jointly within 
three Athens Business Days of receipt of a notice of a Portfolio Manager nomination from the 
Trustee object to that nomination provided that the objection is made in writing to the Trustee 
and Servicer and includes a nomination of an alternative Portfolio Manager to the Trustee and 
Servicer for appointment by the Servicer.  The Trustee shall notify the Covered Bondholders 
of each alternative nomination it receives within five Athens Business Days of receipt.  
Provided that no Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of another Series of 
Covered Bonds (and provided that appointment is continuing) the Servicer shall appoint the 
Portfolio Manager nominated in the most recent Portfolio Manager nomination received from 
Covered Bondholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate Principal Amount 
outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds and to which no objection has been received in 
accordance with this Condition 6.9  or, should any such objection be received, the Portfolio 
Manager nominated from more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount 
outstanding of a Series of Covered Bonds.  For the purposes of this Condition, if Covered 
Bonds of any Series are held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as 
beneficial owner, then those Covered Bonds shall be deemed not to remain outstanding for the 
purposes of voting under this Condition, except if the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries hold all 
outstanding Covered Bonds under the Programme.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee 
shall not be obliged to appoint a Portfolio Manager should the Servicer fail to do so (and shall 
have no liability for such failure) and shall not be responsible for determining the identity of

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
the Portfolio Manager to be appointed by the Servicer following a nomination or determining 
or approving the terms of appointment of a Portfolio Manager. 
7. 
Taxation  
(a) 
All payments (if any) of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Hellenic Republic 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. Neither the Issuer, nor any other entity shall 
be obliged to pay any additional amount to any Covered Bondholder on account of such 
withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Hellenic 
Republic, references in the Conditions to the Hellenic Republic shall be construed as 
references to the Hellenic Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
8. 
Issuer Events 
Prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of a Cover Pool Event of Default, if any of the 
following events (each, an Issuer Event) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event (as defined below) (except, for the avoidance of doubt, 
that the occurrence of any event specified under paragraph (f) of such definition shall 
not give rise to an Issuer Event); 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay any principal or interest in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds within a period of seven Athens Business Days from the due date thereof; 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date (notwithstanding that the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds has an Extended Final Maturity Date); 
(iv) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on it (other than any obligation for the payment of 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds or Coupons of any Series) under the Trust 
Deed, the Deed of Charge or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a 
party which, in the opinion of the Trustee would have a materially prejudicial effect 
on the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and (except where such 
default is or the effects of such default are, in the opinion of the Trustee, not capable 
of remedy when no such continuation and notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be 
required) such default continues for 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) after written notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer requiring the 
default to be remedied; 
(v) 
any present or future Indebtedness in respect of moneys borrowed or raised in an 
amount of €10,000,000 or more (other than Indebtedness under this Programme) of 
the Issuer becomes due and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof as extended 
by any grace period originally applicable thereto; or if any present or future guarantee 
of, or indemnity given by the Issuer in respect of such Indebtedness is not honoured 
when called upon or within any grace period originally applicable thereto; or

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(vi) 
if there is a breach of a Statutory Test on an Applicable Calculation Date and such 
breach is not remedied within two Athens Business Days, 
then (i) no further Covered Bonds will be issued, (ii) the Servicer will procure that any and all 
payments due under the Cover Pool Assets effected on the Collection Account are transferred 
henceforth directly to the Transaction Account pursuant to the provisions of the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed, (iii) all collections of principal and interest on the Cover Pool Assets 
will be dedicated exclusively to the payment of interest and repayment of principal on the 
Covered Bonds and to the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis the Secured 
Creditors in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments and (iv) if NBG is the 
Servicer, its appointment as Servicer will be terminated and a new servicer will be appointed 
pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation.  
Issuer Insolvency Event means, in respect of NBG: 
a) NBG stops payment of part or all of its debts; 
b) NBG having resolved to enter into voluntary liquidation, other than in respect of 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders or which has been effected in 
compliance with Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer); 
c) NBG admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts; 
d) NBG is forced to enter into liquidation pursuant to Greek law, other than in respect of 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders or which has been effected in 
compliance with Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer); 
e) a receiver, trustee or other similar official is appointed in relation to the Issuer or in 
relation to all or a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer, or an interim supervisor of 
the Issuer is appointed or an encumbrancer takes possession of all or a substantial part of 
the assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or other process is levied or enforced 
upon or sued out against the whole or a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and in 
any of the foregoing cases such event is not discharged within 60 days of the occurrence;  
f) notification by the Bank of Greece that the conditions of article 32 of the BRR Law apply 
or the imposition on the Issuer of resolution measures in accordance with article 37ff of 
the BRR Law; 
g) a supervisor (Epitropos) of the Issuer is appointed in accordance with article 137 of Greek 
Banking Legislation or the Issuer is placed in liquidation in accordance with article 145 of 
the Greek Banking Legislation; or 
h) any action or step is taken which has a similar effect to the foregoing.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
9. 
Cover Pool Events of Default and Enforcement 
9.1 
Cover Pool Events of Default 
If, following an Issuer Event, any of the following events occurs, and is continuing: 
(a) 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any Series of Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on such Pass-
Through Covered Bonds on such date and such default is not remedied within a 
period of seven Athens Business Days from the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount of interest due 
on any Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds and any other Series of Covered 
Bonds occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of 14 Athens Business 
Days from the due date thereof; 
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice from the Principal Paying Agent or, in respect of 
(c) the Servicer, of such Cover Pool Event of Default, serve a notice (a Notice of Default) on 
the Issuer. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall become 
immediately due and payable. 
9.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, take such 
proceedings against the Issuer and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Deed of Charge, the Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds or any other 
Transaction Document in accordance with its terms and the pledge created under the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation and may, at any time after the Security has become enforceable, 
take such proceedings or steps as it may think fit to enforce the Security, but it shall not be 
bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of all the Covered Bondholders of all Series (with the Covered 
Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and (if applicable) converted into Euro at 
either the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate (if applicable) or the Established Rate) or a 
request in writing by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding (taken together as a 
single Series and converted into Euro at either the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate (if 
applicable) or the Established Rate), and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions under this Condition 9.2 the 
Trustee shall only have regard to the general interests of the Covered Bondholders of all 
Series taken together and shall not have regard to the interests of any other Secured Creditors. 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or to take any action with respect to the Trust Deed, any other 
Transaction Document, the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, or the Security unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and such failure 
shall be continuing.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten 
years or, in the case of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for paying in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or 
Condition 5 (Payments). 
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which payment in respect of the 
Covered Bond or Coupon first becomes due and payable but, if the full amount of the moneys 
payable on such date has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such 
date, the Relevant Date shall be the date on which such moneys shall have been so received 
and notice to that effect has been given to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices). 
11. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
If any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Covered Bonds 
are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by such 
stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Talons or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to 
(and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond 
to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Prescription). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relevant Coupon 
sheet matures. 
13. 
Trustee and Agents 
(a) 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders. 
(b) 
The initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set forth in the Base Prospectus and in 
the Master Definitions and Construction Schedule. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor Principal Paying Agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents provided, however, that:

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
(i) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing 
by any other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Principal Paying Agent), in the case of Covered Bonds, with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange 
or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer (or 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent;  
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange which 
requires the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer (or following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall maintain an Agent having its 
specified office in the place required by such stock exchange; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer (or following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall at all 
times maintain a paying agent in a Member State that will not be obliged to withhold 
or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC implementing or 
complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive.  
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their specified offices shall promptly be given 
to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
Under the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and relieved from responsibility in certain 
circumstances and to be paid its remuneration, costs and expenses in priority to the claims of 
the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
14. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Covered Bondholders of each Series to consider matters relating to the Covered 
Bonds, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders of the relevant Series. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing signed by Covered 
Bondholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. The quorum at any meeting convened to 
vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing one 
more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing 
Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series whatever the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series held or represented; provided, however, that certain Series Reserved 
Matters, described in the Trust Deed, may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series at which two or more 
persons holding or representing one more than half or, at any adjourned meeting, one- quarter 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders of the relevant Series, whether 
present or not. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Extraordinary 
Resolution to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action pursuant to Condition 9.2 
(Enforcement) (each a Programme Resolution) shall only be capable of being passed at a

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. Any such 
meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee or 
by Covered Bondholders holding at least 25.0% of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing a Programme Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing 
at least a clear majority of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
of all Series for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing Covered Bonds whatever the nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series then outstanding. A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series shall be binding on all Covered Bondholders of all Series, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting and Couponholders in respect of such Covered 
Bonds. 
The right of the Issuer to (i) attend and vote at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bond of 
any Series or (ii) sign a resolution in writing according to paragraph 19 of Schedule 3 
(Provisions for Meetings of Covered Bondholders) shall be excluded in accordance with the 
definition of “outstanding” in the Master Definitions and Construction Schedule.  
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series 
where such Covered Bonds are not denominated in Euro, the nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series not denominated in Euro shall be converted into Euro at the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Rate. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Covered Bondholders of not less 
than three-fourths in aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of that 
Series of Covered Bondholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such 
a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Rating Agency Confirmation and Notification: Any such modification referred to in paragraph 
(a) above may only be effected provided that each of the Rating Agencies then rating any 
Covered Bonds has been notified. 
(c) 
Modification: The Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, and/or the Couponholders of any Series or the consent of the other Secured 
Creditors (other than the Swap Providers in respect of modification to the Post-Issuer Event 
Priority of Payments, the Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of Payments, these 
Conditions, the Individual Eligibility Criteria or the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) at 
any time and from time to time concur with the Issuer and any other party, to: 
(i) 
any modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series (including these 
Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction Document provided that in the 
sole opinion of the Trustee such modification is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of such Series, or 
(ii) 
any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Covered Bonds of any one 
or more Series (including these Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction 
Document which is in the sole opinion of the Trustee of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is to correct a manifest error, 
and Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has confirmed to the 
Issuer that such amendment, modification or variation will not adversely affect the then

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
current ratings of the Covered Bonds (and in the case of any other Rating Agency (to the 
extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency has been notified of 
such modification). 
Series Reserved Matter in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series means:  
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment 
or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in 
respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds other than in 
accordance with the terms thereof;  
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds and Coupons 
are to be made other than in accordance with Condition 5.7; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;  
(iv) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the 
Covered Bonds for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the cancellation 
of the Covered Bonds in consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or 
any other company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, 
or partly for or into or in consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, covered bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations; and  
(v) 
alteration of the definition of Series Reserved Matter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions 
as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest 
thereon, issue date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds 
provided that (i) there is no outstanding Issuer Event and that such issuance would not cause 
an Issuer Event, (ii) such issuance would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, 
(iii) the Rating Agencies have been notified of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been 
notified to the Bank of Greece in accordance with Article 20(4) of the Covered Bond Law and 
(v) if applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
16. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds will be valid if published in one leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London or any other daily newspaper in 
London approved by the Trustee and, (for so long as any Covered Bonds are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.luxse.com. It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in 
London and (in relation to Covered Bonds listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange) in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer or, in the 
case of a notice given by the Trustee, the Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or 
any other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
been made in all the required newspapers or where published in such newspapers on different 
dates, the last date of such first publication). If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given 
on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the Covered Bondholders. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relevant Covered 
Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst the Covered Bonds are 
represented by Global Covered Bonds any notice shall be deemed to have been duly given to 
the relevant Covered Bondholder if sent to the Clearing Systems for communication by them 
to the holders of the Covered Bonds and shall be deemed to be given on the date on which it 
was so sent and (so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on, and listed 
on the official list of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), any notice shall also be published in 
accordance with the relevant listing rules (which includes publication on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com). 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
If so requested by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, without the consent of any Covered 
Bondholder or Couponholder, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in place of the Issuer of 
any other body incorporated in any country in the world as the debtor in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, any Coupons and the Trust Deed (the “New Company”) upon notice by the 
Issuer and the New Company to be given in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), provided 
that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under the Covered 
Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New Company have entered into such documents (the 
“Documents”) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution and in which the 
New Company has undertaken in favour of each Covered Bondholder to be bound by 
these Conditions and the provisions of the Trust Deed as the debtor in respect of the 
Covered Bonds in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this 
Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer)); 
(iii) 
if the New Company is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the “New Residence”) 
other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax 
purposes (the “Former Residence”), the Documents contain an undertaking and/or 
such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Covered Bondholder 
has the benefit of an undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of this 
Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer), with the substitution of references to the 
Former Residence with references to the New Residence; 
(iv) 
the New Company and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for the performance by the New Company of 
its obligations under the Documents; 
(v) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Trustee (with a copy of such legal 
opinions also to be provided to each Rating Agency then rating any Covered Bons) 
from lawyers of recognised standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the New 
Company, in England and in Greece as to matters of law relating to the fulfilment of

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
the requirements of this Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer) and that the Covered 
Bonds and any Coupons and/or Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
New Company; 
(vi) 
if Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme have been assigned a 
credit rating by the Rating Agencies, each Rating Agency has been notified of the 
proposed substitution and with respect to each Rating Agency either: (A) the relevant 
Rating Agency has confirmed, within 30 days of receiving such notice, that the then 
current rating of the then outstanding Covered Bonds would not be downgraded as a 
result of such substitution or (B) the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that, 30 days after 
receipt of such notice by the Rating Agency, the relevant Rating Agency has not 
indicated that such substitution would result in a downgrade, withdrawal or 
suspension of the then current ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by such Rating 
Agency or such Rating Agency placing any Covered Bonds on ratings watch negative 
(or equivalent); 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed shall have confirmed 
that, following the proposed substitution of the New Company, the Covered Bonds 
will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; and 
(viii) 
if applicable, the New Company has appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds and any Coupons. 
(b) 
Upon such substitution the New Company shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may 
exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, any Coupons and the 
Trust Deed with the same effect as if the New Company has been named as the Issuer herein, 
and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Covered Bonds, Coupons and/or 
Talons and under the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) the New Company may, without the consent 
of any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions 
specified in Conditions 17(a) and 17(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further New Company. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) any New Company may, without the 
consent of any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis 
mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of the 
Documents will be available free of charge during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
18. 
Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to become, a 
Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders 
and Couponholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Covered Bondholders and 
the Paying Agents, designate a date (the Redenomination Date), being an Interest Payment 
Date under the Covered Bonds falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a 
Participating Member State to redenominate all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds of 
any series.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Covered Bonds and all matters arising from or connected with the Covered Bonds are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that the security 
under the Statutory Pledge referred to in Condition 2 (Status of the Covered Bonds) above, 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with Greek law. 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”), arising 
from or connected with the Covered Bonds. 
20. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without receipts, interest coupons 
and/or talons attached. Covered Bonds will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be in bearer form initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global covered bond without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Covered Bond”) 
which will: 
(a) 
if the Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) are issued in new global covered bond 
(“NGCB”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Covered Bonds are not issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, payments of 
principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds due prior to 
the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond if the Temporary Global Covered Bond is not issued in NGCB form) only to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Covered Bond are not U.S. persons or persons 
who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) 
to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) upon a request as described therein either for (a) interests in a permanent global covered bond 
without interest coupons attached (a “Permanent Global Covered Bond” and, together with the 
Temporary Global Covered Bonds, the “Global Covered Bonds” and each a “Global Covered 
Bond”) of the same Series or (b) for Definitive Covered Bonds of the same Series with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case against certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Covered Bond 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond or for Definitive Covered Bonds is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond 
will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as 
the case may be) of the Permanent Global Covered Bond (if the Permanent Global Covered Bond is 
not issued in NGCB form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon either (a) provided the Covered Bonds have a minimum Specified

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Denomination, or integral multiples thereof, not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Covered Bond) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available or (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Global Covered Bond (and any interests therein) exchanged for Definitive Covered 
Bonds. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders of each Series of Global 
Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Covered Bond) or the Trustee may 
give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described in (b) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Global Covered Bonds, Definitive Covered Bonds and any Coupons or Talons attached thereto will be 
issued pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The following legend will appear on all Covered Bonds that have an original maturity of more than 
one year and on all interest coupons relating to such Covered Bonds: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Covered Bonds, interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale or other disposition in respect of such Covered Bonds, or interest 
coupons. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”), 
the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued 
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bonds of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, 
CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN and CINS number assigned to 
Covered Bonds of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the Exchange Date applicable to 
the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system 
and/or additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and 
the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[Date] 
 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the][each] manufacturer[’s][s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a ‘distributor’) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the][each] manufacturer[’s][s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a ‘distributor’) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
Under the €10 billion 
Global Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [25 July] 2023 [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated (date)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) as amended from time to time (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8.2 (a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered 
Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] are available free of 
charge to the public at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] are published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [9 April 2019] 
which are being incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [25 July] 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated (date)]. This document constitutes the final terms of the 
Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) as amended from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [25 July] 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated (date)], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the Group and the offer of the Covered 
Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms[,] [and] the Base 
Prospectus dated [25 July] 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated (date)]. Copies 
of such Base Prospectuses are available free of charge to the public at the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.] The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs.) 
 
1.
(i) 
Series Number:
[]
(ii) 
Tranche Number:
[]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form 
a 
single 
Series 
with 
(Provide 
issued 
amount/ISIN/maturity issue/issue date of earlier 
Tranches) on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond for interests in 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond, as referred to 
in paragraph [•] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about (date)] / [Not Applicable]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Covered Bonds:
[] 
[(i)] 
Series:
[]
[(ii)] 
Tranche:
[]
4.
Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from (insert date) (if 
applicable)]
5.
(i) 
Specified Denominations:
[●]
 
 
[(N.B. Where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [€199,000].)
 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Covered Bonds is (i) NOT 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within a 
European Economic Area; and (ii) only offered in 
the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the [€100,000] 
minimum denomination is not required.)
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:
[]
6.
(i) 
Issue Date:
[]
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date:
[] 
 
 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Covered Bonds, for example 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
7.
(i) 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – (specify date/Floating Rate) - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
 
(ii) 
Extended Final Maturity Date 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to (specify 
month and year)]
 
 
(N.B. Zero Coupon Covered Bonds are not to be 
issued with an Extended Final Maturity Date 
unless otherwise agreed with the Dealers and the 
Trustee)
8.
Interest Basis:
[[]% Fixed Rate]
[Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
(N.B. the Covered Bonds will always be redeemed 
at least 100% of the nominal value)
10.
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/ Payment Basis: 
(Specify details of any provision for convertibility 
of Covered Bonds into another Interest Basis or 
cross refer to paragraphs 15, 16 and 17 below to 
identify details)
11.
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
12.
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained:] 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Covered Bonds)
13.
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
14.
Prohibition of Sales to [EEA] [and] 
[UK] Retail Investors 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in 
arrear]
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[] in each year up to and including the Final 
Maturity Date, or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, if applicable]/[(specify other)]
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(iv) 
Business Day(s)
[]
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s)
[]
 
(vi) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
(Applicable to Covered Bonds 
in definitive form)
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Broken 
Amount(s):
(Applicable to Covered Bonds 
in definitive form)
[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual -
Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/365 
(Sterling)][Actual/360][30/360 - 360/360 - Bond 
Basis][30E/360 - Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]] [adjusted/not adjusted] (N.B. If interest is 
not payable on a regular basis (for example, if 
Broken Amounts are specified) Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) may not be a suitable Day Count 
Fraction)] 
 
(ix) 
Determination Date 
[] in each year 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) (This will need to be 
amended in the case of regular interest payment 
dates which are not of equal durations)
16.
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Interest Period(s):
[]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates:
[] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date:
[]
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
(v) 
Business Day(s)
[]
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s):
[]
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination 
/ [(specify other)]]
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent):
[] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
Reference Rate: 
[] [(EURIBOR or other. If other, provide 
additional information, including amendment to 
fallback provisions in the Agency Agreement)]
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] (Second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR)] 
 
 
(N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up 
to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
if applicable)
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 
01 ensure it is a page which shows a composite 
rate 
or 
amend 
the 
fallback 
provisions 
appropriately)
Relevant Time:
[(For example, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time)]
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[(For example, Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)]
(x) 
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Floating Rate Option:
[]
Designated Maturity:
[]
Reset Date:
[]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s):
[+/-][] per cent. per annum
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction:
 
[[[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual -
Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/365 
(Fixed)][Actual/365 
(Sterling)][Actual/360][30/360 - 360/360 - Bond 
Basis][30E/360 - Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]][adjusted/not adjusted] (N.B. If interest is 
not payable on a regular basis (for example, if 
Broken Amounts are specified) Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) may not be a suitable Day Count 
Fraction)] 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions:
[] 
17.
Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield:
[] per cent. per annum
(ii) 
Reference Price:
[]
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable:
(Consider applicable Day Count Fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated)
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(v) 
Business Day(s):
[]
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s):
[]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payments: 
[[Conditions 6.5 (Early Redemption Amounts) and 
6.8 (Late Payment) apply]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)][Actual/Actual -Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)][Actual/365 (Fixed)][Actual/365 
(Sterling)][Actual/360][30/360 - 360/360 - Bond 
Basis][30E/360 - Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)] [adjusted/not adjusted] (N.B. If interest is 
not payable on a regular basis (for example, if 
Broken Amounts are specified) Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) may not be a suitable Day Count 
Fraction)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18.
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s):
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
(If redeemable in part:
(iv) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Terms and 
Conditions) 
[] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee)
19.
(i) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s):
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee)
20.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. the Final Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount equal to at least 100% of the nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds)
21.
Early Redemption Amount
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions):
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS
22.
Form of Covered Bonds:
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds [on 
60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]]
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds in paragraph 
6 includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].”)
23.
New Global Covered Bond:
[Yes/No]
24.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Covered Bonds 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature):
[Yes/No. (If yes, give details)]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
25.
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition [] 
([•])] apply]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
 
(i) 
Listing and admission 
to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the [Bourse de 
Luxembourg] and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] (Specify relevant 
regulated market and, if relevant, listing on an 
official list) with effect from [].]   
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on the [regulated market of the 
Bourse de Luxembourg and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(Specify relevant regulated market and, if relevant, 
listing on an official list) with effect from [         ].]  
[Not Applicable.]
 
 
(NB: Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are already 
admitted to trading.)
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
[European 
Covered 
Bonds (Premium)]
[Yes/No] 
2. 
RATINGS
Ratings:
The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[Moody's: [][Insert brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating if this has been previously 
published by Moody’s]]
 
 
[[Other]: [][Insert brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating if this has been previously 
published by [Other]]]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
N.B. Consult the relevant Rating Agencies in 
relation to Covered bonds which may have a Final 
Redemption Amount of less than 100% of the 
nominal value.
3.          INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
["Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the 
offer." The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether 
such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.)]
4.     REASONS FOR THE OFFER - TOTAL EXPENSES AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[[The net proceeds from the issue of the Covered 
Bonds will be used to [meet part of the Group’s 
general financing requirements][finance or refinance 
[Green Eligible Projects][and/or][Social Eligible 
Projects] (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” within 
the “General Information” section of the Base 
Prospectus)].] /Give details] 
 
[Provide details of Green Eligible Projects and/or 
Social Eligible Projects, as applicable.]
 
(ii) 
Estimated 
total 
expenses:
[] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds
[] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only)
Indication of yield:
[]/[Not Applicable]
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES: (Floating Rate Covered Bonds only).
 
Details of historic [[EURIBOR/other]] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] /[] [Not 
Applicable].

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
 
(insert here any other relevant 
codes such as CINS codes):
[] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s) and addresses:
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s):
[] 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [Include this text if "yes" selected in 
which case the Covered Bonds must be issued in 
NGCB form] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable of 
meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee 
of one 
of the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as
common safekeeper)] 
[Include this 
text 
for
registered Covered Bonds]. Note that this does not
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such
recognition will depend upon the ECB being
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have
been met.]
8. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION
Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks:
[Not Applicable]
 
[[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Covered 
Bonds 
are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR]/[insert name[s] of benchmark(s)], 
which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark].] 
 
[[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). [repeat 
as necessary]]]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
The Greek Covered Bond Legislation contains provisions relating to the protection of the Covered 
Bondholders and other Secured Creditors upon the insolvency of the Issuer. 
In the event of insolvency or resolution of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides 
that the Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer until 
payment of any amounts due to the Covered Bondholders has been made in full. Upon registration of 
the Registration Statements with the public registry, the issue of the Covered Bonds, the creation of 
the Statutory Pledge and the security in rem governed by foreign law (including pursuant to the Deed 
of Charge), the payments to Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors and the entry into any 
agreement relating to the issue of Covered Bonds will not be affected by the commencement of 
insolvency or resolution proceedings in respect of the Issuer. All collections from the Cover Pool 
Assets shall be applied solely towards payment of amounts due to the Covered Bondholders and other 
Secured Creditors. 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, both before and after the commencement of 
insolvency or resolution proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Cover Pool may be autonomously 
managed until full payment of the amounts due to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors has been made.  
The Greek Covered Bond Legislation requires that, in the event of insolvency  or resolution 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer, a special administrator shall be appointed by the Trustee, subject 
to the positive opinion of the Bank of Greece, in order to (among other things) monitor compliance of 
the Issuer with its obligations under the Covered Bonds, service the Cover Pool and ensure that the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors’ interests are not affected. The Trustee can be 
also appointed as special administrator. The Bank of Greece shall appoint the special administrator if 
the Trustee fails to do so.  Any such person appointed shall be obliged to service the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  
Any of the aforementioned parties performing the role of the special administrator, as well as the 
special liquidator that may be appointed by the Bank of Greece to undertake the management of the 
Issuer in case of its insolvency, will be required to treat the Cover Pool as a segregated pool of assets 
on the basis of the segregation provisions of Article 14 of the Covered Bond Law and in accordance 
with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the terms of which, including, inter alia, the 
termination, substitution and replacement provisions, will at all times apply. 
In the event that the Issuer is placed into liquidation in accordance with article 145 of Greek Banking 
Legislation, Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors shall be satisfied in respect of the 
portion of their claims that is not paid off from the Cover Pool from the remaining assets of the Issuer 
as unsecured creditors in accordance with Article 6 of the Covered Bond Law (i.e. after satisfaction of 
preferred creditors in accordance with article 145A of the Greek Banking Legislation (added through 
par. 1 of article 120 of the BRR Law, as amended and currently in force). 
Moreover, in the event that resolution measures are ordered with respect to the Issuer under BRR 
Law, the Issuer’s liabilities under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be excluded from 
the liabilities which may be subject to the BRRD Bail-in Tool of article 44 of BRR Law to the extent 
that they are secured and all Cover Pool Assets should remain unaffected, segregated and with 
sufficient funding. However, the resolution authority may exercise its power of conversion or write 
down, where appropriate, in relation to any part of a secured liability to the extent that exceeds the 
value of the security.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE GREEK COVERED BOND LEGISLATION 
 
The following is an overview of the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should 
be aware. The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the 
Greek legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds and prospective Covered 
Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Introduction 
The transactions described in this Base Prospectus are the subject of specific legislation, the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation. As mentioned elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation includes the Covered Bond Law, which transposed into national legislation Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of 
covered bonds and covered bond public supervision (the “Covered Bond Directive”) and replaced 
the previous Greek legal framework on covered bonds (consisting of Article 152 of the Greek 
Banking Legislation, as supplemented by the Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece No. 
2620/2009), and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation.  
 
The legislative framework in Greece is supplemented by certain provisions of Greek law 3156/2003 
and Greek law 4548/2018 (the “Greek Company Law”), to the extent that the Covered Bond Law 
cross-refers to these laws. The Greek Covered Bond Law has been enacted, with a view, inter alia, to 
complying with the standards of the Covered Bonds Directive and CRR, and strengthening the 
conditions for granting preferential capital treatment to covered bonds by adding further requirements 
and entitles credit institutions to issue covered bonds with preferential rights in favour of the holders 
thereof and certain other creditors over a cover pool comprised by certain assets discussed in further 
detail below. 
The provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation that are relevant to the Programme may be 
summarised as follows: 
Covered Bond Law 
Structure of the Issuer – bondholder agent 
Contrary to Article 152 of the Greek Banking Legislation that permitted the issuance of covered 
bonds in two ways, either directly by a credit institution, or indirectly by a subsidiary of a credit 
institution, the Covered Bond Law only allows the direct issuance of covered bonds by credit 
institutions pursuant to its provisions of and to certain provisions on bond loans of the Bond Loans 
and Securitisation Law and of the Greek Company Law. The bondholders’ agent (also referred to as 
the trustee) may be a credit institution or an affiliated company of a credit institution entitled to 
provide services in the European Economic Area, in accordance with the provisions of articles 64-67 
of the Greek Company Law. The appointment of more than one bondholders’ agents, jointly or per 
series of covered bonds or issuances under the covered bond programme is not excluded. Unless 
otherwise set out in the terms and conditions of the bonds the trustee is liable towards bondholders for 
wilful misconduct and gross negligence. 
 
Prerequisites for the issuance of covered bonds 
Pursuant to article 20 of the Covered Bond Law covered bonds may be issued by credit institutions 
that meet the following requirements:

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
- 
an adequate programme of operations setting out the issue of covered bonds; adequate policies, 
and methodologies aiming at investor protection for the approval, amendment, renewal and 
refinancing of loans included in the cover pool; 
-  
management and staff dedicated to the covered bond programme which have adequate 
qualifications and knowledge regarding the issue of covered bonds and the administration of the 
covered bond programme; 
-  
adequate administrative setup and data processing infrastructure for the management and 
monitoring of the cover pool that meets the applicable requirements laid down in the provisions 
of the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation; 
- 
a predetermined policy for mitigating the risks undertaken and appropriate mechanisms for 
monitoring and managing the risks deriving from the issuance of the covered bonds and their 
monitoring; 
- 
a detailed description and clear definition of the responsibilities and limits of responsibility of 
the involved service units and any committees of the credit institution, from where it follows 
that the programme issue is continuously monitored. 
The prior approval of the Bank of Greece is required for the issuance of a covered bond programme. 
Cover Pool – composition of assets 
The type of assets that may form part of the cover pool is regulated by article 8 of the Covered Bond 
Law (transpoting article 6 of the Covered Bond Directive), as supplemented by the Secondary Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation. 
Specifically, the Covered Bond Law provides for two categories of cover pool assets, i.e. (i) assets 
that are eligible pursuant to Article 129(1) of the CRR and (ii) other high-quality cover assets that 
meet the conditions of the Covered Bond Law and in addition belong to categories of assets that are 
specified as eligible in a decision of the Bank of Greece. The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation 
has not set conditions for other high-quality cover assets and consequently it is currently only 
permitted that the cover pool assets are assets that are eligible pursuant to Article 129(1) of the CRR. 
Cover assets do not include assets in the form of loans to or guaranteed by public undertakings, since 
article 8 of the Covered Bond Law has not transposed subparagraph (c) of article 6(1) of the Covered 
Bond Directive. Further, purusuant to the relevant authorities granted by the Covered Bond Law to the 
Bank of Greece to be able to limit the eligibility of certain cover assets under 129(1) of the CRR and 
designate the specific classes of cover assets that will be permitted to form part of the cover assets 
pool, the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that loans secured by residential and 
commercial real estate assets are only included in the cover assets if the real estate is located in 
Greece. Furthermore, real estate assets under construction may not exceed 10% of the cover assets.  
Cover assets considered eligible according to Article 129(1) of the CRR are primarily residential 
mortgage loans, loans secured by a mortgage on commercial properties, loans secured by a mortgage 
on ships and exposures to or guaranteed by state entities. The loans may be secured by mortgage 
prenotations instead of full mortgages (as is the practice for cost reasons in Greece). In addition, 
exposures to credit institutions may be included in the cover pool up to an aggregate limit of 15% of 
the nominal value of the outstanding covered bonds. According to Article 13 of the Covered Bond 
Law, derivatives may also be included in the cover pool, subject to certain conditions, including the 
requirements that the derivative contracts are included in the cover pool exclusively for risk hedging 
purposes, they are sufficiently documented and can be segregated by the issuer in accordance with 
Article 12 of the Covered Bond Law and that the derivative contracts cannot be terminated upon the 
insolvency or reorganisation of the issuer.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Loans secured by residential mortgages are required to have a loan-to-value (LTV) ratio of 80%, 
whereas loans secured by mortgages over commercial properties and ships are required to have an 
LTV ratio of 60%. Loans with a higher LTV ratio may be included in the cover pool, but they are 
taken into account for the calculation of the statutory tests and other requirements of the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation only up to the amount indicated by the LTV ratio. The evaluation of 
properties must be performed by an independent valuer at or below the market value. The Secondary 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that the value of real estate assets and ships securing cover 
assets must be monitored at least annually as per Article 129 par. 3 of the CRR. 
The Bank of Greece has been authorised by the Covered Bond Law (Art. 8(4)(7)&(8)) to also set out 
specific rules for the valuation process of the cover pool assets and generally for the implementation 
of the Covered Bond Law, including in particular rules in relation to the risk diversification 
(especially in terms of granularity and material concentration) of the cover pool assets. The Secondary 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that derivative contracts are valued with the method of net 
present value. 
Benefit of a prioritised claim by way of statutory pledge - segregation of cover assets 
The cover assets are segregated from the remaining estate of the issuing credit institution through a 
pledge constituted by operation of law (statutory pledge). In case of assets governed by a foreign law 
(which will typically include inter alia claims from derivative contracts and foreign bank accounts), 
an in rem security interest must be created in accordance with such foreign law. The statutory pledge 
and the foreign law security interest secure claims of the covered bondholders and also secure (in 
accordance with the terms of the covered bonds) other claims connected with the issuance of the 
covered bonds, such as derivative contracts used for hedging purposes. The statutory pledge and any 
foreign law security interest are held by the bondholder agent for the account of the secured parties. 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation provides that in order for a foreign law asset, governed by 
an EU law that is not Greek law, to be included in the cover pool a legal confirmation that the 
established foreign law security is valid, in force and enforceable must be submitted to the Bank of 
Greece (along with other documents). 
Claims comprised in the cover pool are named in a document (defined elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus as a Registration Statement) signed by the issuer and the bondholder agent and registered 
in a summary form including the substantial parts thereof, in accordance with article 3 of Greek law 
2844/2000. The form of the Registration Statement has been defined by Ministerial Decree No. 
95630/8-9-2008 (published in the Government Gazette No 1858/B/12-9-2008) of the Minister of 
Justice. Receivables forming part of the cover pool may be substituted for others and receivables may 
be added to the cover pool in the same manner. 
Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law creates an absolute priority of holders of covered bonds and 
other secured parties over the cover pool. Upon registration of the Registration Statement, the 
issuance of the covered bonds, the establishment of the statutory pledge and the foreign law security 
interest and the entering into of all contracts connected with issuance of the covered bonds are not 
affected by the commencement of any insolvency proceedings against the issuer, securing thus the 
bankruptcy remoteness of the cover pool assets. 
The interests of covered bondholders and other secured creditors are further safeguarded by providing 
that assets included in the cover pool may not be attached/seized. It is noted that this has the indirect 
result that the Greek law claims constituting covers assets are no longer subject to setoff. This is 
important, because under generally applicable law borrowers the loans to whom become cover assets 
would have had a right to set-off, which would reduce the value of the cover pool, all counterclaims 
(including deposits with the issuer) predating the creation of the pledge of the claims. Also, the issuer 
cannot dispose any cover pool assets without the written consent of the bondholder agent, unless 
otherwise set out in the terms and conditions of the covered bonds.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
The segregation applies to all assets of the cover pool, even if their value exceeds the minimum 
overcollateralisation required by law. The remaining creditors of the credit institution will only have 
access to any remaining assets of the cover pool after the holders of the covered bonds and other 
creditors secured by the cover pool have been satisfied in full. In the event of insolvency or resolution 
of the issuer, covered bondholders and other creditors secured by the statutory pledge shall have dual 
recourse both to the cover pool as secured creditors and to the remaining assets of the credit institution 
ranking as unsecured and unsubordinated creditors in respect of the portion of their claims that is not 
paid off from the cover pool. 
Bankruptcy remoteness of and impact of insolvency proceedings on covered bonds 
According 7 of the Covered Bond Law, covered bonds do not automatically accelerate upon 
insolvency or resolution of the issuing credit institution.  
Accoridng to article 21 of the Covered Bond law, in the event of the inslolvency or resolution of an 
issuing credit institution, the appointment of a special administrator is required, to ensure that the 
rights and interests of the covered bond investors are preserved, including at least by verifying the 
continuous and sound management of the covered bond program during the necessary period. The 
special administrator is appointed by the bondholders’ agent. The positive opinion of the Bank of 
Greece is required for the appointment and dismissal of the special administrator. The bondholders’ 
agent can also assume the role of special administrator. The Bank of Greece may appoint a special 
administrator, if the bondholders’ agent fails to do so.   
The special administrator may sell and transfer the cover assets and use the net proceeds of such sale 
in order to discharge the obligations under the covered bonds and the other obligations which are 
secured by the statutory pledge, according to the terms of the covered bond programme. The special 
administrator may also transfer the cover pool assets, together with the liabilities under the covered 
bonds, to another credit institution that issues covered bonds. 
Asset-liability management 
Article 17 of the Covered Bond Law provides for the coverage requirements that must be met for the 
full duration of the covered bonds, including that all liabilities of the covered bonds must be covered 
by claims for payment attached to the cover assets. The calculation of the required coverage shall 
ensure that the aggregate principal amount of all cover assets exceeds by at least 5% the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds (‘nominal principle’). 
The Covered Bond Law authorises the Bank of Greece to issue decisions specifying the coverage 
requirements and potentially set the above overcollateralisation percentage higher in the case of high-
quality assets under subpoint (ab) of subparagraph (a) of paragraph 1 of article 8 and depending on 
their type. Presenlty, though, such assets are not considered as eligible by the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation.  
 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation (Chapter III, Section G) introduces two additional coverage 
requirements: 
- 
The net present value of the liabilities deriving from the covered bonds and the other liabilities 
secured through the cover assets must not exceed for the duration of the issuance the net present 
value of the cover assets including derivatives contracts used to hedge risks of such assets. This 
requirement must be satisfied even in the hypothesis of a parallel movement of the yield curve 
by 200 basis points (‘net present value test’). 
- 
The amount corresponding to the payments of interest to the covered bondholders must not 
exceed the amount of interest that is expected to be collected during a period of twelve (12) 
months from the cover assets (“interest cover test”).

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
Liquidity Buffer 
Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law provides that the cover pool shall include at all times a liquidity 
buffer composed of liquid assets available to cover the net liquidity outflow of the covered bond 
programme. Such cover pool liquidity buffer shall cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity 
outflow over the next one hundred eighty (180) days. The cover pool liquidity buffer consists of the 
following types of assets, segregated in accordance with article 14:  
- 
assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61 are valued in accordance with such delegated regulation and  are not 
issued by the credit institution issuing the covered bonds itself, its parent undertaking, unless it 
is a public sector entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its 
parent undertaking or by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution 
has close links; 
- 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-
term deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance 
with point (c) of Article 129(1) of CRR. 
Extendable maturity structures 
The Covered Bond Law lays down the conditions under which extendable maturity structures are 
allowed, ensuring that the credit institution cannot extend the maturity at its discretion but only where 
objective and clearly defined trigger events have occurred or are expected to occur in the near future. 
The maturity extension triggers are specified in the contractual terms and conditions of the covered 
bond and the information to be provided to investors about the maturity structure should be sufficient 
to enable them to determine the risk of the covered bond. Ιn the event of the insolvency or resolution 
of the issuing credit institution, maturity extensions do not affect the ranking of covered bondholders 
or invert the sequencing of the covered bond programme’s original maturity schedule. Tthe maturity 
extension does not change the structural features of the covered bonds regarding dual recourse and 
bankruptcy remoteness as referred in the Covered Bond Law. 
Asset monitor 
The compliance of cover pool assets with the requirements of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation is 
monitored by an asset monitor that is an auditor independent from the issuer of the covered bonds and 
from the issuer’s auditor (article 15 of the Covered Bond Law). In case the asset monitor finds that the 
cover pool assets do not comply with the requirements of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, it 
shall immediately notify that issuer who must take action to remedy the default without delay. The 
Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation (Chapter III, Section I) provides that the asset monitor 
shall monitor: 
- 
the observance of the limits of the cover assets and the coverage requirements for the duration 
of the issuance of covered bonds; 
- 
the accuracy and completeness of the coverage requirements of article 17 of the Covered 
Bond Law and of Section H of Chapter III of the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation; 
- 
the accuracy of the cover assets and the observance of the provisions regarding valuation of 
such cover assets; and 
- 
the observance of maximum percentages, as determined at the issuance of the covered bonds, 
regarding the composition of the cover assets. 
The Asset Monitor shall compose an annual report regarding, inter alia, the control procedures 
undertaken, the findings regarding the calculation of cover assets, an analysis of the cover assets 
verifying the observance of the coverage ratios, the re-valuation of real estate assets securing loans 
that are part of the cover assets and other information detailed in the Secondary Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation. This report is submitted to the Bank of Greece by 31 March of each year. 
Labelling

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Credit institutions issuing covered bonds are allowed to use the label ‘European Covered Bond’ only 
for covered bonds which meet the requirements laid down in the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Law. Furthermore, the label 'European Covered Bond (Premium)' may be used only for covered 
bonds which also meet the requirements of Article 129 of the CRR. Credit institutions notify the Bank 
of Greece, in the context of the issuance of the covered bonds, if they meet the requirements and if 
they intend to use the respective label. 
Reporting duties of the issuer to the supervisor concerning covered bonds and cover pool 
Credit institutions that issue covered bonds shall provide reports to the Bank of Greece containing 
information on the eligibility of assets and cover pool requirements, the segregation of cover assets, 
the functioning of the asset monitor, the coverage requirements, the cover pool liquidity buffer and 
the conditions for extendable maturity structures (article 22 of the Covered Bond Law). 
Grandfathering provisions  
The Covered Bond Law contains grandfathering provisions, in an effort to allow a smooth transition 
to the new framework and prevent any unintended market disruptions to the Greek covered bond 
programmes already established and to the covered bonds already issued thereunder. In this respect, 
covered bonds issued prior to 8/7/2022 that meet the requirements of Greek law 4099/2012 on 
UCITS, as in force at the time of their issuance, will not be subject to certain of the structural and 
supervisory requirements of the Covered Bond Law and will continue to be referred to as covered 
bonds pursuant to this law until their maturity. This will apply also to tap issues of covered bonds for 
which the opening of the ISIN is before 8/7/2022 for up to 24 months after that date, provided that 
those issues comply with all the following requirements:  
-  
the maturity date of the covered bond is before 8/7/2027;  
- 
the total issue size of tap issues made after 8/7/2022 does not exceed twice the total issue size 
of the covered bonds outstanding on that date;  
-  
the total issue size of the covered bond at maturity does not exceed EUR 6,000 000,000;  
- 
the collateral assets are located in Greece. 
Administrative penalties and other administrative measures 
Pursuant to articles 23 and 24 of the Covered Bond Law the Bank of Greece has a range of 
supervisory, investigatory and sanctioning powers under the Covered Bond Law, including the power 
to impose administrative penalties and other administrative measures on credit institutions who are in 
violation of the Covered Bond Law, including inter alia issuing covered bonds without obtaining the 
requisite permission in accordance with Article 21 of the Covered Bond Law or failure to comply 
with the requirements in Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law in respect of a liquidity pool buffer. 
Such administrative penalties and measures include withdrawal of permission for a covered bond 
programme, issuance of public statements, issuance of cease-and-desist orders and administrative 
pecuniary penalties. 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation was issued by the Bank of Greece on the basis of 
authorisations given by the Covered Bond Law and adopted detailed and specific implementation 
rules of the Covered Bond Law, including inter alia rules in connection with the supervisory 
recognition of covered bonds, the requirements as to the issuer’s risk management and internal control 
systems; the eligibility criteria as to the initial cover pool and the substitution and replacement of 
cover pool assets; the requirements in respect of the ratio between the value of the cover pool assets 
and the value of covered bonds, the ratio between the net present value of liabilities under the covered 
bonds and the net present value of the cover assets, the ratio between interest payments on covered 
bonds and interest payments on cover pool assets and the revaluation of the value of the real estate

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
property mortgaged; the requirements for the performance of reviews and audits by the asset monitor; 
specific provisions regarding measures to be taken in the event of insolvency procedures in respect of 
the issuer; specific procedures for the submission of documents to obtain approval by the Bank of 
Greece in respect of the issuance of covered bonds; data reporting and disclosure requirements.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
The Bank is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and one of the largest financial institutions in 
Greece by market capitalisation, holding a significant position in Greece’s retail banking sector with, 
as at 31 December 2022, 328 branches (including nine tellerless branches), one private banking unit 
and 1,485 Automated Teller Machines (“ATMs”). The Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (the 
“Group”) provide a wide range of financial services, including retail (such as mortgage lending and 
consumer lending), corporate and investment banking services, non-performing management, global 
transaction services, leasing, factoring, brokerage, real estate, asset management and insurance 
services, through the Group’s network of branches and subsidiaries in Greece and abroad. More 
specifically, the Group operates in Greece but also abroad through its subsidiaries in North Macedonia 
and Cyprus. 
The Group’s principal sources of income historically have been interest earned on customer loans and 
debt securities and income from fees and commissions. The Group funds its lending activities and its 
securities portfolio principally through (i) customer deposits in its branch network, (ii) funding from 
the Eurosystem through the Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations (“TLTROs”) with the 
ECB, (iii) repurchase agreements (repos) with major foreign financial institutions and (iv) wholesale 
funding through the issuance of (MREL-eligible) securities. 
The Issuer’s website is: https://www.nbg.gr/en. The information on the Issuer’s website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” above). 
History and Development of the Group 
The Bank was founded in 1841 and incorporated as a société anonyme pursuant to Greek law as 
published in the Greek Government Gazette No. 6 on 30 March 1841 (registered number G.E.MI 
237901000). The Bank’s current corporate form will expire on 27 February 2053 but may be further 
extended by a shareholder resolution passed at a General Meeting (as defined below). The Bank is 
domiciled in Greece. The Bank’s headquarters and its registered office are located at 86 Aiolou Street, 
10559 Athens, Greece. The telephone number of the Bank is 181818 or +30 210 48 48 484 from 
abroad. The Bank operates under the laws of the Hellenic Republic.  
The Bank has operated a commercial banking business for 182 years. Until the establishment of the 
Bank of Greece as the central bank of Greece in 1928, the Bank, in addition to commercial banking 
activities, was responsible for issuing currency in Greece. 
Revised Restructuring Plan as approved by the Directorate General for Competition on 10 May 
2019 (the “2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”) 
The Group was subject to European Commission rules on EU State aid in light of the aid received 
from the HFSF and the Hellenic Republic. These rules were administered by the Directorate General 
for the Competition of the European Commission (the “DG Competition”). Under these rules, the 
Bank’s operations were monitored and limited to the operations included in the Bank’s 2019 Revised 
Restructuring Plan, which aimed to ensure the Bank’s return to long term viability. 
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan was approved on 10 May 2019 by the European Commission. 
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan included a number of commitments to implement certain 
measures and actions (the “2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments”). The 2019 Revised 
Restructuring Plan Commitments related both to domestic and foreign operations of the Group. 
Differentiations to the Bank’s 2015 Restructuring Plan, which expired on 31 December 2018, related

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
to the deepening of the Bank’s operational restructuring, some amendments on the commitments and 
deadlines, as well as a commitment to sell the remaining stake (32.66%) in NBG Pangaea REIC 
(currently Prodea Investments S.A. (“Prodea”)) in substitution for the commitment to dispose of its 
banking subsidiary in the SEE, Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje.  
For domestic operations, the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments related to constraining 
operating expenses, including the number of personnel and branches. In particular, the  Commitments 
included the following:  
(a) 
a further reduction of the number of branches in Greece to 420 (by the end of 2019) and 390 
(by the end of 2020). As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had reduced its branches to 365. 
The Commitment has been attained; 
(b) 
a further reduction of the number of employees in Greece to 8,600 as at 31 December 2019 
and 8,000 as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had reduced the 
number of employees at domestic level to 7,7621. The Commitment has been attained; and 
(c) 
a further reduction of total operating expenses in Greece to €845 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019 and €800 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. For the year 
ended 31 December 2020, the operating expenses amounted to €7681 million. The 
Commitment has been attained. 
The aforementioned Commitments have been fulfilled. 
Divestment of domestic non-banking activities: Ιn May 2019, the Bank had completed the sale of 
its remaining stake in Prodea. Regarding the  Ethniki Insurance Company S.A. (“Ethniki Insurance” 
or NIC) , the transaction was closed on 31 March 2022 (see below “Sale of a majority equity holding 
in Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.”). The Commitment has been attained. 
Divestment from international operations: The Bank reduced its international activities, by 
disposing of certain subsidiaries in the years 2016 to 2019. The only non-complete divestment from 
international operations, since the Bank complied with its commitments with the run-off of NBG 
Cyprus Ltd assets, relates to the branch network in Egypt (“NBG Egypt”). In May 2021, an official 
approval was received by the Central Bank of Egypt for the downsize and ultimately ceasing of the 
Bank’s operations in Egypt. 
As communicated by DG Competition in June 2022, the restructuring period and the mandate of the 
Monitoring Trustee for NBG has ended, as NBG complied with its commitments with the exception 
of the run-off of NBG Egypt. It is noted that the size of asset deleveraging remaining in NBG Egypt is 
very limited compared to the overall assets NBG deleveraged, and that NBG exceeded the overall 
level of deleveraging required by the commitments of its Restructuring Plan. The effort to complete 
the wind-down of NBG Egypt is in progress. (See also p. 17-18 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report 
under Board of Directors’ Report “Key Highlights – 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”, as 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Divestments of subsidiaries 
Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments 
Sale of a majority equity holding in Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.  
On 24 March 2021, the Bank’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) approved the sale of the 90.01% out 
of 100.00% stake in NIC and authorised the Bank’s senior management (“Senior Management”) to 
 
1 Excluding Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
proceed with the signing of the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) with CVC Capital 
Partners (“CVC”) on 26 March 2021. The transaction was approved by the Extraordinary General 
Meeting of NBG’s Shareholders held on 21 April 2021. 
The closing of the transaction took place on 31 March 2022, following the reception of the required 
supervisory approvals by national and EU authorities. 
Other divestments 
Planned divestment of CAC Coral Ltd 
On 16 October 2020, the Bank announced that it had entered into a definite agreement with Bain 
Capital for the disposal of its 100% stake in a Cypriot Credit Acquiring Company, CAC Coral Ltd 
(Project Marina), which contains a portfolio of non-performing corporate, SME and consumer and 
mortgage loans with a total Gross Book Value of approximately €325 million (€200 million of 
allocated collateral value) as of 30 June 2019. The portfolio consists predominantly of legacy non-
performing loans. The transaction is being implemented in the context of NBG's NPE deleveraging 
strategy and in accordance with the Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. 
The closing of the transaction took place on 15 July 2022, following the reception of the required 
approvals by the competent regulatory authorities. 
Other transactions 
Strategic Partnership of NBG with EVO Payments Inc. 
On 17 December 2021, the Bank announced that it had entered into a long-term strategic partnership 
with EVO Payments, Inc (“EVO”) to provide merchant acquiring and payment processing services.  
Following the receipt of all required regulatory approvals, the Bank announced on 9 December 2022, 
that it has completed the sale of 51.00% of NBG Pay Single Member Société Anonyme (NBG PAY 
S.M.S.A.) share capital to EVO for a consideration of €158 million.  
NBG PAY S.M.S.A. comprises NBG’s Merchant Acquiring Business following a spin-off. In 
addition, a long-term exclusive commercial agreement was signed between NBG, NBG PAY 
S.M.S.A. and EVO, where NBG will offer to its merchants the market-leading, card acceptance 
solutions of NBG PAY S.M.S.A., through the proprietary products and processing platforms of EVO. 
Significant value creation is expected from the synergies that the partnership will create from 
combining NBG’s wide client base with EVO’s technological expertise in the payments business. 
Strategic Partnership of NBG with Epsilon Net S.A. 
Following its announcement on 16 November 2022 regarding the signing of memoranda of 
understanding (“MoU”) with EPSILON NET S.A. (“EPSILON NET”) and its main shareholder, the 
Bank announced on 4 May 2023 the signing of a binding agreement for the purchase of 7.5% of the 
total share capital of EPSILON NET held by the main shareholder at a price of €7.49/share (the 
“Initial Transaction”), as well as the possibility of acquiring a further 7.5% from the main 
shareholder three years after the completion of the Initial Transaction. The agreement with the main 
shareholder also provides for the execution of a long-term, exclusive partnership agreement between 
EPSILON NET and NBG for the joint design, development, and distribution of products and services 
focusing on strengthening and supporting entrepreneurship in Greece. Among other things, it involves 
the direct interconnection of EPSILON NET's business software systems (ERP, Commercial & 
Accounting Applications) with NBG's systems, utilising NBG’s sophisticated Open Banking platform 
in the area of Embedded Finance.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
On 9 June 2023, the Bank announced the completion of the Initial Transaction and the signing of a 
long-term, exclusive partnership agreement as described above. 
Ceasing of Group’s operations in London, Malta and Egypt 
NBG London Branch 
In May 2021, the Bank decided to cease its operations in the UK through its London branch, which is 
currently under liquidation.  
NBG Malta Ltd 
In October 2021, the Bank decided to cease its operations in Malta. Subsequently, on 11 August 2022, 
the subsidiary surrendered its banking licence and was placed into liquidation. Therefore, its name 
was changed from NBG Bank (Malta) Ltd to NBG Malta Ltd since it no longer qualifies as a financial 
institution. 
NBG Egypt Branch 
In May 2021, an official approval was received by the Central Bank of Egypt for the downsizing and 
ultimately cessation of the Bank’s branch operations in Egypt (see above “2019 Revised Restructuring 
Plan”). NBG Egypt Branch is currently under liquidation. 
Regulatory developments 
2022 ECB CLIMATE RISK STRESS TEST 
NBG successfully completed the 2022 Climate Risk Stress Test led by the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”) under common methodological rules and scenario assumptions, in which 104 significant 
banks participated. 
The Exercise was primarily prescribed by ECB as one of pivotal, but also mutually learning nature for 
all participating Banks and Supervisors, forming part of the green transition roadmap and effective 
management of climate risks. In this context, the 2022 Climate Risk Stress Test did not constitute a 
solvency exercise; its outcome is prescribed as informative to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (“SREP”) from a qualitative perspective, without a direct impact on capital through the Pillar 
2 guidance.  
NBG’s overall performance was in line with the average of the EU-wide participating institutions. In 
terms of advancement in the internal climate stress-testing capabilities (qualitative part of the 
Exercise), the Bank ranked above the average of Total EU sample at Medium-Advance level, while in 
the domestic banking sector, NBG’s overall transition impact on Business Model viability was 
assessed as of relatively lower risk (Advanced scoring).  
The 2022 Climate Stress test outcome reflects the firm commitment and progress made by NBG, 
setting the basis for an effective climate risk management framework and timely adaptation of 
processes and strategies, including via ambitious plans for substantial investment in human and 
technical capabilities.  
EU WIDE STRESS TEST 2023 
The EU-wide stress test exercise comprises one of the main supervisory tools to monitor and assess 
market developments and identify potential risks and vulnerabilities stemming from the micro-
prudential level. The EBA is mandated to initiate and coordinate the EU-wide stress tests, in

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
cooperation with the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB), aiming to assess the resilience of 
financial institutions to adverse market developments, as well as to contribute to the overall 
assessment of systemic risk in the EU financial system. The EBA's EU-wide stress tests are conducted 
in a bottom-up fashion, using consistent methodologies, scenarios and key assumptions developed in 
cooperation with the ESRB, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Commission (EC). 
One important element to be noted is that the exercise is conducted under a static balance sheet 
assumption, with starting point the end-of-year 2022. 
On 31 January 2023, the European Banking Authority (EBA) launched the 2023 EU-wide stress test 
and released the macroeconomic scenarios. The adverse scenario is based on a narrative of 
hypothetical heightened geopolitical tensions, with high inflation and higher interest rates having 
strong adverse effects on private consumption and investments, both domestically and globally. The 
severe nature of the adverse scenario reflects a deliberate choice and reflects the purpose of the stress 
test exercise, which is to assess the resilience of the European banking system to a hypothetical 
severely deteriorated macro-environment.  
NBG participates in the exercise as part of the EBA sample of Banks. The Bank has duly proceeded 
so far with the Advanced Data Collection (ADC) and 1st Full Data Collection (FDC1) submission 
cycles, in line with the official horizontal timeline. 
The EBA expects to publish the results of the exercise at the end of July 2023. The outcome of the 
exercise will inform the 2023 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
MREL Requirements 
Under Directive 2014/59 (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or “BRRD”), as amended 
by Directive 2019/879 (“BRRD II”), banks in the European Union are required to maintain a 
Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (“MREL”) which ensures sufficient 
loss-absorbing capacity in resolution. MREL includes a risk and a leverage-based dimension. MREL 
is therefore expressed as two ratios that both have to be met: (i) as a percentage of Total Risk 
Exposure Amount (“TREA”), (the “MREL-TREA”); and (ii) as a percentage of the Leverage Ratio 
Exposure (“LRE”), (the “MREL-LRE”). 
Instruments qualifying for MREL are own funds (Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 
2), as well as certain eligible liabilities (mainly senior unsecured bonds). Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
877/2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council allows the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) 
to set in addition to the MREL requirement, a “subordination” requirement, within MREL, against 
which only subordinated liabilities and own funds count. 
On 22 December 2022, the Bank as being identified by the SRB as the Single Point of Entry (“SPE”) 
of the Group and the only entity required to maintain an MREL capacity, received from the Bank of 
Greece the SRB’s decision that should meet by 31 December 2025 an MREL target of 23.53% of 
TREA and 5.88% of LRE on a consolidated basis. In addition, as per the MREL decision the Bank 
should always meet from 1 January 2022 onwards, the requirement of 14.79% of TREA and 5.85% of 
LRE on a consolidated basis. To the above requirements the capital buffer requirement (“CBR”) must 
be added, which from 1 January 2022 stands at 3.25% and will stand at 3.53% from 1 January 2023 
until 31 December 2025. The Bank maintains the MREL capacity required to meet both the LRE 
requirements and the 1 January 2022 interim binding target of 18.04 % of TREA (including CBR). 
Finally, according to the abovementioned SRB’s decision, for 2023 no subordination requirement is 
set for the Bank.More specifically, in 2022 and in the context of the Bank’s strategy to increase its 
MREL, the Bank proceeded with the following issuances:

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
• 
on 15 November 2022, the Bank completed the placement of €500 million senior preferred 
bonds with a coupon of 7.25% and a yield of 7.50%. The bonds mature in five years and are 
callable in four years;  
• 
on 18 November 2022, the Bank completed the placement of €150 million senior preferred 
bonds with a coupon and yield of 6%. The bonds mature in 2.5 years and are callable in 1.5 
years; and 
• 
on 25 November 2022, the Bank completed the placement of GBP 200 million senior preferred 
bonds with a coupon and yield of 8.75%. The bonds mature in 4.5 years and are callable in 3.5 
years. 
 
Major Shareholders 
Following the resolution of the Bank’s Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of 26 July 2018 the Bank’s 
share capital amounted to €2,744,145,459, divided into 914,715,153 common shares of a nominal 
value of €3.00 each. 
By resolution of the AGM of 30 July 2021, it was decided to reduce the Bank’s share capital by 
€1,829,430,306 through reduction of the nominal value of each common registered share from €3.00 
to €1.00, for the purpose of setting off equal cumulative accounting losses of previous years in the 
context of launching a Stock Options Program in accordance with Article 113(4) of Law 4548/2018. 
As a result, the Bank’s share capital would stand at €914,715,153.00 divided into 914,715,153 
common shares of a nominal value of €1.00 each. 
Following the above resolution and the required approvals by competent authorities, on 18 November 
2021, the Bank announced the aforementioned share capital decrease by reduction of the nominal 
value of its shares, determining 22 November 2021 as the date of change of the nominal value of the 
Bank’s shares to €1.00. 
Further to the above, the Bank’s share capital amounts to €914,715,153.00 and is divided into 
914,715,153 common shares of a nominal value of €1.00 each. 
Common Shares  
The following table sets forth certain information regarding holders of the Bank’s common shares, 
based on information known to or ascertainable by the Bank as at 19 June 2023:  
31 March 2023 
Number of common 
shares 
Percentage 
holding 
HFSF.................................................................................
369,468,775
40.39%
Legal entities and individuals outside of Greece ..............
457,829,186
50.05%
Legal entities and individuals in Greece...........................
84,296,540 
9.22%
Domestic pension funds....................................................
2,497,695
0.27%
Other domestic public sector related legal entities and 
Church of Greece.............................................................. 
612,688 
0.07% 
Other .................................................................................
10,269
0.00%
Private placement by investors .........................................
—
—

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Total common shares ...................................................... 
914,715,153 
100.00% 
 
The Bank’s ordinary shares are listed for trading on the Athens Exchange (“ATHEX”). 
Other than the above, the Bank does not know of any other persons who, directly or indirectly, jointly 
or individually, exercise or could exercise control over the Bank. 
As shown in the above table, other than the HFSF and the Capital Group Companies, Inc., no single 
shareholder owns 5.00% or more of the Bank’s common shares and voting shares.  
State Interests 
In the context of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF acquired 40.39% of the Bank’s 
share capital, which corresponds to 369,468,775 shares of which 13,481,859 shares used to fall under 
the restrictions of article 7a paragraph 2 of the HFSF Law. However, in accordance with article 7a of 
the HFSF Law as amended by Law 4941/2022 and in force the HFSF as of 16 July 2022, fully 
exercises voting rights corresponding to the total shares that it holds, i.e., to 369,468,775 shares. 
Relationship with the Hellenic Republic 
Hellenic Republic as Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2023, and following completion of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF 
owns 40.39% of the Bank’s common share capital. Also, various domestic pension funds own in total 
0.27% of the Bank’s common share capital, and other domestic public sector related legal entities and 
the Church of Greece own in total 0.07% of the Bank’s common share capital. See also “Risk Factors 
– Risks relating to the Bank’s Recapitalisation and Receipt of State aid” and “Major Shareholders” 
above. 
Moreover, for powers vested in the HFSF as it participates in the Bank, please also see “Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece—The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund – The Greek 
Recapitalisation Framework” below.  
Hellenic Republic as Customer 
The Hellenic Republic, including state related entities, is a large customer of the Bank in terms of 
loans and deposits. As at 31 December 2022, 1.9% of the Bank’s outstanding loans were to the 
Hellenic Republic and state related entities, and 3.2% of the Bank’s deposits were from the Hellenic 
Republic and state related entities. The commercial relationship between the Bank, the Hellenic 
Republic and other state-owned enterprises is conducted on a normal “arm’s length” basis. The Bank 
believes that the commercially oriented strategy currently being implemented will continue for the 
foreseeable future. 
Hellenic Republic as Regulator 
Through various agencies, including the Bank of Greece, the Hellenic Republic is also the regulator of 
the Group’s business activities. For more information see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece” below. 
Organisational Structure

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Set forth below is a chart indicating the individual companies within the Group and the Group’s 
participation (direct and indirect) in each company as at 31 December 2022.  
 
 
Primary Operating Area 
Country of 
incorporation Direct 
Indirect 
Total 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Ethniki Leasing S.A. ............................................................. 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
Ethniki Factors S.A. .............................................................. 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
Probank Leasing S.A(3). ........................................................ 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
International 
National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd ................................. 
Cyprus
100.00%
—
100.00%
National Securities Co (Cyprus) Ltd(2) .................................. 
Cyprus
—
100.00%
100.00%
NBG Management Services Ltd ........................................... 
Cyprus
100.00%
—
100.00%
Stopanska Banka A.D. (Skopje) ............................................ 
North 
Macedonia
94.64%
—
94.64%
Stopanska Leasing DOOEL(5) ............................................... 
North 
Macedonia
94.64%
94.64%
Bankteco E.O.O.D. ............................................................... 
Bulgaria
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG Leasing S.R.L. ............................................................. 
Romania
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG (Malta) Holdings Ltd(4) ................................................ 
Malta
—
100.00%
100.00%
NBG Malta Ltd(4) .................................................................. 
Malta
—
100.00%
100.00%
Global Markets & Asset Management 
National Securities S.A. ........................................................ 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG Asset Management Mutual Funds S.A. ....................... 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
I-Bank Direct S.A(7). ............................................................. 
Greece
99.90%
0.10%
100.00%
NBG Greek Fund Ltd ............................................................ 
Cyprus
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG Finance Plc .................................................................. 
UK
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG Finance (Dollar) Plc(2) .................................................. 
UK
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG Finance (Sterling) Plc(2) ............................................... 
UK
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG International Ltd .......................................................... 
UK
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBGI Private Equity Ltd(2) ................................................... 
UK
—
100.00%
100.00%
NBG Asset Management Luxembourg S.A. ......................... 
Luxemburg
94.67%
5.33%
100.00%
Insurance 
NBG Insurance Brokers S.A. ................................................ 
Greece
100.00%
_
100.00%
Other 
NBG Property Services S.A. ................................................. 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
Pronomiouhos Single Member S.A. Genikon Apothikon Hellados
 ........................................................................................... 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
KADMOS S.A. ..................................................................... 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Primary Operating Area 
Country of 
incorporation Direct 
Indirect 
Total 
DIONYSOS S.A. .................................................................. 
Greece
99.91%
—
99.91%
EKTENEPOL Construction Company S.A. .......................... 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
Mortgage, Touristic Protypos Single Member S.A. .............. 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
Hellenic Touristic Constructions S.A. ................................... 
Greece
78.34%
—
78.24%
Ethniki Ktimatikis Ekmetalefsis Single Member S.A. .......... 
Greece
100.00%
—
100.00%
NBG International Holdings B.V. ......................................... 
The 
Netherlands
100.00%
—
100.00%
ARC Management One SRL(1) .............................................. 
Romania
99.51%
0.49%
100.00%
ARC Management Two EAD(1) ............................................ 
Bulgaria
99.55%
0.45%
100.00%
Merbolium Limited (Special Purpose Entity)(6) 
Cyprus
-
100.00%
100.00%
Cortelians Limited (Special Purpose Entity) (6) 
Cyprus
-
100.00%
100.00%
Ovelicium Ltd (Special Purpose Entity) (6) 
Cyprus
-
100.00%
100.00%
Pacolis Holdings Ltd (Special Purpose Entity) (6) 
Cyprus
-
100.00%
100.00%
_____________________ 
(1) 
Special Purpose Entity in which the Bank is the primary beneficiary. 
(2) 
Companies under liquidation. 
(3) 
Probank Leasing has been reclassified to non-current assets held for sale. 
(4) 
In October 2021, the Bank decided to cease its operation in Malta through its subsidiary NBG Bank Malta Ltd and 
from 31 August 2022, the subsidiaries are under liquidation. NBG Malta Limited, formerly known as NBG Bank 
Malta Limited surrendered its banking license on 11 August 2022 and subsequently placed into liquidation. 
(5) 
Entity was established on 24 February 2022. 
(6) 
Entities are 100% subsidiaries of National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd from November 2022. 
(7) 
Liquidated in February 2023. 
 
Credit Ratings 
The table below sets forth the credit ratings that have currently been assigned to the Bank by 
Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch. 
Rating agency 
Date of ratings 
Long-term 
Issuer 
rating(1) 
Short-term 
Issuer 
rating(1) 
Moody’s....................... 7 November 2022 
Ba3 
NP 
S&P...........................  
25 April 2023 
BB- 
B 
Fitch.............................. 30 January 2023 
BB- 
B 
 
(1)  A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Introduction 
The Bank is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and it holds a significant position in Greece’s 
retail banking sector with, as at 31 December 2022, 328 branches, one private banking unit and 1,485 
ATMs.  
The Group’s main activities at a glance are: 
Continuing operations: 
In Greece 
Retail banking
Corporate and investment banking
 
NPE management (Legacy Portfolio) &  
Specialized Asset Solutions
Other 
Real estate
Global Transaction Services
Leasing 
Factoring
Brokerage
Asset management
Outside of Greece 
 
Two banking subsidiaries 
- Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje  
- NBG Cyprus Ltd 
New leasing subsidiary 
- Stopanska Leasing DOOEL
Discontinuing operations: 
In Greece 
 
One subsidiary in the leasing sector 
- Probank Leasing S.A.
Following the respective Bank’s decision in 2021, the Group ceased its operation in Egypt, Malta and 
NBG London Branch; therefore the NBG Egypt Branch, the NBG London Branch and the 
subsidiaries NBG Malta Ltd (formerly known as NBG Bank Malta Ltd) and NBG Malta Holdings Ltd 
are currently under liquidation.  
The Bank is the principal operating company of the Group, representing 94.7% of the Group’s total 
assets, excluding non-current assets held for sale, as at 31 December 2022. The Bank’s liabilities 
represent 97.1% of the Group’s total liabilities, excluding liabilities associated with non-current assets 
held for sale, as at 31 December 2022. While the Bank conducts most of the Group’s banking 
activities, it is supported by two non-Greek banking subsidiary: Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje 
(“Stopanska Banka”) and NBG Cyprus Ltd (“NBG Cyprus”). 
The Bank holds significant positions in many financial services products in Greece. Based on internal 
analysis, as at 31 December 2022, of the Bank’s published financial statements based on IFRS 
regarding the Bank’s outstanding amounts and the total market based on the Bank of Greece’s 
Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, the Bank had significant market share of mortgage 
loans in Greece, with a share of 25.6% (source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural 
Indicators, Table IV.16 Domestic MFI Credit to domestic individuals and private non-profit 
institutions by loan type) and holds a significant position in core deposits (which consist of sight

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time deposits), with a market share of 29.1% 
(source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, Table IV.11.1 
Deposits/Repos by domestic enterprises and households with OMFIs). See also below the table with 
the Group’s estimated market shares “Banking Activities in Greece – Retail Banking” below.  
NBG’s Transformation Programme  
Building upon its long-lasting tradition of trust and service to society, the Bank embarked on a large-
scale transformation programme in the second half of 2018, in response to the challenges and tapping 
the business opportunities presented by the rapidly changing economic and banking landscape, 
committing to the delivery of aspiring financial and operational targets (the “Transformation 
Programme”).  
Through more than four years of implementation, the Transformation Programme has delivered 
impressive results in terms of core profitability fully in line with the Bank’s financial and business 
targets – and tangible improvements to NBG’s business and operating model. The Transformation 
Programme has been designed and is being delivered across workstreams, each led by a senior 
executive of the Bank. 
Strategic Priorities for 2023-2024 
Between 2023 and 2025 the Bank will pursue the following strategic priorities:  
1. 
Best Bank for our Clients: Further boosting revenue generation through an increased focus 
on cross-selling and fee generation opportunities in Retail banking, and through deepening 
large client relationships and broadening the SME client base in Corporate banking: 
 
in the case of Retail banking, we are further strengthening our relationship managers’ 
frontline (primarily for the Small Business and Premium segments), with a stronger 
focus on fee-generating products (e.g., investment products, cards and bancassurance), 
and further enhancement of sales capacity through third party partnerships (e.g., 
retailers, e-commerce, agents). 
 
in the case of Corporate banking, we are further strengthening the relationship 
managers’ frontline with a comprehensive set of commercial tools, enabling them to 
spend more time on sales of lending and non-lending products in collaboration with the 
Corporate Transaction Banking (CTB) unit. 
 
across Retail and Corporate, we are enhancing our range of solutions to enable the 
transition of households and businesses to a more sustainable model. A core part of our 
strategy remains to support Greek businesses in capturing opportunities in the context 
of the Recovery & Resilience Facility (RRF), including funding for investments in the 
context of green transition. 
 
across segments, usage of advanced analytics improves commercial productivity, while 
digital channels and strategic partnerships with third parties play an increasingly 
important role in onboarding, engaging, and selling to customers. 
2. 
Specialized Asset Solutions: Completing the clean-up of the Bank’s balance sheet, targeting 
non-performing exposures (NPEs) of approximately 3% of gross loans by 2025, while 
retaining best-in-class capital ratios. Additionally, a new business setup aims at capturing new 
revenue generation opportunities in the emerging ecosystem of investors and servicers (e.g., 
acquisition financing, REOCο financing).

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
3. 
Efficiency & Agility: Further enhancing efficiency and productivity through continuous 
improvements in the Bank’s business and operating model and reducing areas of significant 
external spend such as real estate, factoring in a flexible working model. 
 
4. 
Technology & Processes: Implementing the new Core Banking System (CBS) to enable 
revenue generation and cost efficiencies in the medium term, enhancing digital and data 
infrastructure, as well as migrating to a cloud-enabled environment; rolling out the required 
infrastructure to transition to a paperless operating model across the organisation and further 
optimizing core processes (both customer-facing and internal) through simplification, 
centralization, and automation levers (incl. the application of new technologies, such as 
RPAs, AI and OCR). 
5. 
People, Organization & Culture: Enabling the transformation through a modern HR 
framework. After successfully rolling out a new performance management system (PMS) 
coupled with a new incentive scheme for all the Bank’s employees, our priorities in the next 
horizon include continuing to modernize HR processes and practices to attract, mobilise and 
incentivise our people; further developing our talent through flagship leadership programmes 
as part of the NBG Academy platform and rolling out comprehensive actions to enhance the 
Bank’s corporate culture and desired behaviours in line with our core values. 
6. 
ESG: Incorporating climate-related and environment (C&E) considerations in the Bank’s 
business strategy, including setting specific targets with respect to our direct and indirect 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions, and capturing business opportunities in green, sustainable 
and transition finance, as households and businesses transition to a more sustainable model. 
Additionally, addressing the business challenges and managing the risks emanating from 
climate and environment change and adhering to the highest disclosure standards, including 
non-financial and ESG reporting. 
About Environment, Social and Governance  
In 2021, NBG launched a holistic Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) effort to ensure 
compliance with evolving regulatory framework, fulfilment of its commitment to the Principles for 
Responsible Banking (“PRB”) of the United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative 
(“UNEP FI”) and implementation of ESG best practices across the Bank's organisation (covering 
management of credit and other types of risk, business strategy, products and services, reporting, as 
well as efforts to reduce NBG’s direct and indirect emissions footprint). In line with the above, NBG 
has continued with further shaping its strategy and deepening the integration of ESG aspects, starting 
by integrating the ESG elements of climate and environmental into our activity and operations. 
Our ESG Management Committee, chaired by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), governs all 
strategic decisions related to ESG, while a new Board Committee on Innovation & Sustainability has 
come into force to oversee ESG forward-looking matters. NBG has integrated the management of 
ESG topics across the three lines of defence, with the appointment of specific roles and 
responsibilities within existing organizational units, as well as the establishment of new ESG related 
teams. In this context, a new independent sector, the Climate & Environmental Strategy Sector, has 
been set up to define, coordinate and monitor implementation of Climate & Environmental Strategy 
across the first line. A dedicated Group Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainable Development 
Division has been established under the Group Chief Compliance and Corporate Governance Officer 
to oversee compliance and reputational risk matters pertaining to corporate social responsibility, 
sustainability, and climate change. Finally, a dedicated team within the Strategic Risk Management 
Division oversees C&E factors across risk types. 
Banking Activities in Greece

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
In this section, financial information pertaining to the Bank relates to banking activities in Greece. 
Most of the Bank’s banking business from continuing operations is domestic and includes retail, 
corporate and investment banking. Banking activities in Greece include the Bank’s domestic 
operations, Ethniki Leasing and Ethniki Factors S.A. (“Ethniki Factors”). The Group’s domestic 
banking operations accounted for 95.4% of its total lending activities as at 31 December 2022 (the 
“Domestic Banking Loans”) and for 96.7% of its deposits as at 31 December 2022 (the “Domestic 
Banking Deposits”).   
In 2022, Bank’s net performing loan book expanded by €2.5 billion (equivalent to +10.1% y-o-y), 
driven by disbursements of €6.7 billon (+36.7% y-o-y), mainly to corporates.  
 
The following table sets forth details of the domestic loans before allowance for impairment and 
deposits as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.  
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2022 
 
Loans 
Deposits 
Loans 
Deposits 
 
Amount 
% of Total 
Amount 
% of Total
Amount 
% of Total 
Amount 
% of Total
(€ million, except for percentages) 
Retail(1) ...............
10,861
35.7%
38,311
74.3%
10,399
29.4%
40,235
75.4%
Corporate ............
19,043
62.5%
11,501
22.3%
24,287
68.7%
11,402
21.4%
Public Sector .......
549
1.8%
739
3.4%
671
1.9%
1,718
3.2%
Total ...................
30,453
100.0%
51,551
100.0%
35,357
100.0%
53,355
100.0%
(1)
Retail loans include consumer loans, personal loans, mortgages, automobile financing, loans to SMEs and credit cards
 
The Bank aims to attract domestic deposits from retail and corporate customers through: 
 
wide coverage of the Bank’s domestic branch network; 
 
digital banking platforms to ensure nationwide service availability to its customers; 
 
the respected status of the Bank’s brand name among a large segment of the population; and 
 
a broad range of services and products offered by the Bank. 
Furthermore, the Bank accelerated its digital transformation and introduced new digital 
functionalities: 
 
Key digital 
 metrics 
New digital 
functionalities 
 
Onboard 
 Digital subscribers 3.7 million 
(+7.4% y-o-y). 
 
 Mobile app downloads 3.6 
million (+22.0% y-o-y).  
 Digital onboarding enhancements. 
 Online Sole Proprietorship onboarding 
via NBG Mobile Banking (January 2023). 
 
 
 
Engage 
 Digital active users (12 
months) 2.7 million (+10.5% y-
o-y). 
 Contactless Payments via Mobile 
Banking: NBG cards on Google Pay and 
Apple Pay. 
 FX transfers for all bank customers.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
Finally, the Retail Banking & Corporate Banking Division through its independent Segment Risk & 
Control Sector, proceeded with the following actions across the whole Retail & Corporate Banking 
Function: 
 
further enhancement to Internal Control System; 
 
alignment of its activities with those of the Risk and Control Functions, as well as Group Internal 
Audit; 
 
achievement of a high degree of readiness and compliance against all regulatory obligations, as 
well as increased risk and control awareness. 
Greek Banking Distribution Channels  
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank operated in Greece through 329 branches (including nine tellerless 
branches and one private banking Unit). As at 31 December 2022, the Bank operated 1,485 ATMs, 
857 (offsite) of which were situated in key locations such as supermarkets, metro stations, shopping 
centres, hospitals and airports (55% of the Bank’s ATMs are equipped with cash deposit devices).  
In 2011, the Bank created the first “i-bank store”, an innovative concept store which provides visitors 
with a true "phygital" (physical and digital) banking experience. As at 31 December 2022, the i-bank 
stores have already been transformed into a new type of branch called “Retail i-bank tellerless”, 
which provides the same services as a retail branch except for teller transactions. As at that date there 
were 9 such units. 
In addition, since the end of 2014, the Bank has developed “i-bank Pay Spot”, an integrated payments 
service for retail stores that allows consumers to make payments (mostly bill payments) in non-
banking, convenient locations around Greece.  
With “i-bank Pay Spot”, consumers can pay in cash or by debit/credit card more than 300 bills 
(utilities, telecoms, insurance companies, etc.) in small retail stores in their neighbourhood (kiosks, 
 Digital active users (1 month): 
2.3 million (+10.6% y-o-y).  
 Request for remittances’ fate and request 
for amendment via Internet Banking. 
 Internet & Mobile Banking based on 
Accessibility Compliance standards for 
people with disabilities. 
 Instant notifications service for business 
users. 
 Second Authentication Factor using Push 
OTP. 
 
 
 
Gross-sell 
 Digital sales c.275 thousand 
products (+25.1% y-o-y). 
 Expansion of online repayments to a 
wide range of lending products. 
 New products added in the digital sales 
portfolio (new credit card offering, Money 
Box savings tool, New Generation 
investment). 
 Increase of Express personal loan credit 
limit from €2,000 το €6,000. 
NBG is widely recognised for its digital offering, ranking among the topdigital champions in 
Deloitte’s Global Digital Banking Maturity Survey for 2022, out of a global sample of more than 300 
incumbent and challenger banks.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
newsstands, pharmacies, grocery stores, etc.). Consumers can also pay debts to public authorities (e.g. 
assessed tax debts, road tax for cars and motorcycles, etc.) and top up their fixed/mobile/internet 
connection. There are more than 2,500 i-bank Pay Spots already operating around Greece and the 
Bank aims to further expand the network. 
The Bank’s branches are located in almost every major city and town in Greece. Approximately 45% 
of the Bank’s branches are located in the Attica and Thessaloniki prefectures, the major population 
centres in Greece. The Bank is engaged in a continuous process of rationalising the organisation of its 
branch network in order to reduce costs, primarily by centralizing back-office functions to free more 
employees to work on sales activities directly with customers. In addition, the Bank is continuing to 
consolidate redundant branches in order to maintain equivalent geographic coverage at a lower cost.  
As at 31 December 2022, registered customers in digital channels reached 3.7 million, while the 
transactions performed through digital channels increased by 17.5% compared to the corresponding 
period last year. 
Retail Banking 
All of the Group’s retail banking activities in Greece are conducted by the Bank. The Bank offers 
retail customers a number of different types of deposit and investment products, as well as a wide 
range of traditional banking services and products. 
The following table illustrates the Bank’s estimated market share in Greece for certain categories of 
retail banking activities as at the dates indicated (source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of 
Conjunctural Indicators):  
 
As at 
31 December 
As at  
31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Mortgage lending (balances).......................................
19.4%
26.1%
25.6%
Consumer loans and credit cards (balances) ...............
11.5%
15.7%
16.3%
Core deposits(1)..........................................................
31.2%
29.8%
29.1%
 
 
(1) 
Core deposits consist of sight deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time deposits. 
 
The Bank believes that its strong corporate image and brand recognition in Greece, its large customer 
base and its digital business, network of branches and ATMs are advantages that will facilitate the 
Bank’s access to a diverse depositor base in Greece, providing the Bank with a large, stable and low 
cost source of funding. 
2022 was a stimulating year for the Retail Banking Division. The increased geopolitical uncertainty, 
the resilient inflationary pressures and the growing uncertainty over potential economic recession, 
urged the Bank to react through innovation and extroversion in order to overcome any impediments, 
showing immediate reflexes along with effective leadership. Furthermore, the Transformation 
Program continued at its pace, with a wide range of strategic initiatives being delivered. Hence, in 
2022, the Retail Banking Division continued its overwhelming growth based on the implementation 
of the following key initiatives: 
Customer-centric service model: The customer-centric service model aiming to strengthen 
customer’s relationship with the Bank, through increased customer penetration, services usage and 
dedicated relationship managers for specific high-value segments. Organizational business needs are 
supported by a staffing model that is yearly redefined through continuous education on customer 
experience and integrity selling. Tellerless type of branches were also introduced during 2022.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
To reinforce customers’ loyalty and engagement, the “Go4More” program provides an effective tool 
to promote products and services to different clientele segments. Thus, Go4more expanded further its 
merchant network and upgraded its technical functionalities to respond to client’s needs and 
preferences, strengthening the already aware profile of the Bank in matters of society and 
environment. More precisely, “THE GREEN CITY” recycling rewards program was added to 
“Go4More” partners’ network, a collaboration that enables members of both programs to convert the 
points from recycling to Go4More points, supporting in practice Bank’s commitment to a more 
sustainable tomorrow.  
Mortgage Lending: the adoption of various strategic / tactical actions led to increased disbursements, 
achieving Bank’s targeted market share. More specifically:.  
• 
Increased simplification of the end-to-end mortgage loan disbursement processes, through 
centralization and automation. 
• 
Optimized the “mortgage loan application” through internet banking contributed to the further 
reduction of Branch Network workload. 
• 
Adopted a competitive pricing of variable rates products, while adding mixed interest rate 
options for the funding of Bank’s owned residential properties. 
• 
Enhanced sales further through existing and new partnerships with main market brokers, 
providing new competitive features.  
Consumer Lending: The Bank continued granting loans of the co-funded “EXOIKONOMO-
AUTONOMO” program, regarding energy efficiency and residence autonomy improvement, with 
100% subsidy of interest rate and zero fees.  
Moreover, the Bank achieved new partnerships with market-leading retailers, capturing new 
marketplaces while grew existing key partnerships. Finally, through coordinated actions, it improved 
its overall positioning regarding car financing through dealers/ third parties, focusing also on used 
vehicles. 
Small Business Lending: In 2022, the Bank significantly increased its disbursements and market 
share, mainly due to the design and implementation of a Small Business value-proposition , which 
offers new products, while maintains its customer-centric approach, supporting small businesses in 
these challenging economic times. 
Thus, the Bank continued its active participation and cooperation with State and European programs, 
providing products through the European Investment Fund (“EIF”) and the Hellenic Development 
Bank (“HDB”). At the same time, it managed to offer a more preferential pricing for green energy 
investment projects, competitive in market respect, either through special products, such as programs 
through European Investment Bank (“EIB”) or through Bank’s own funds 
Moreover, in order to further strengthen disbursements on business loans, the Bank actively started 
cooperation with third-party companies, such as accounting offices, consultancy firms, and other; 
A significant initiative regarding repricing to Key Accounts segment clientele, was extensively 
implemented during the year. 
Finally, during 2022, a redesign project was finalized establishing a new operational model in the 
underwriting process, improving the overall performance of Small Business underwriting centers. 
Specifically, further automations and improvements have been introduced in the collection of data and 
information for applicants, the required documents accompanying the applications and use of pricing 
applications. In parallel, the new operational model offers a high level of standardization in the

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
underwriting process and reduces the required “time to yes”. These enhancements were also 
supported by revised credit sanctioning guidelines and manuals which introduce alternative swim 
lanes in credit assessment based on the fulfillment of a number of criteria related to operational 
complexity of applications and the risk profile of the SMEs / guarantors / applicant’s shareholders. 
Cards (issuing & acquiring): The Bank, in its endeavor to upgrade its products and achieve its 
strategic goal for increasing the credit cards’ portfolio, launched three new credit cards: silver, gold, 
black, adding new, attractive features such as concierge service, a wide range of insurance benefits, 
free FX, etc. In addition, cards’ plastics were redesigned in vertical orientation and aesthetically 
improved. Inclusion of the entire card’s portfolio in digital wallets has been completed. The Bank 
utilized all its resources, in order to alternate its processes for card acquisition, so that they become 
simpler and more customer friendly. Courier service is activated for sending and collecting client 
documents as well as an application was launched for remote documents signing (e-signature). The 
Bank entered into a new strategic agreement with Mastercard targeting the further growth of NBG 
cards portfolio. Completion of the acquiring business carve out via our strategic partnership with EVO 
Payments and the formation of NBG Pay S.M.S.A.. 
Investments: the Bank: 
a) 
Launched and continuously enhanced new and innovative products and services, namely 
 
i. 
Structured Investment Product “New Generation”: initially launched with partial 
capital guarantee and further enhanced to offer full capital guarantee plus minimum 
guaranteed return at maturity. 
 
ii. 
Fixed-term Mutual Fund “Delos Extra Income” with attractive annual dividend and 
return prospect at maturity 
 
b) 
Boosted investment fee revenue through the introduction of a tiered entry-fee pricing scheme. 
 
c) 
Enhanced investments on digital offering, enabling acquisition of selective investment 
products via internet banking 
 
d) 
Launched an “end-to-end investment journey” reengineering initiative within the context of 
the Bank’s Transformation program, which has already yielded significant results. 
Deposits: the Bank: 
a) 
Expanded fund transfers digital capability whilst deploying know-your-customer (“KYC”) 
controls. 
b) 
Increased deposit and intermediation fee revenues through re-pricing of specific products and 
services, such as deposit bundles and transfer of funds 
Bancassurance: 
During 2022, new contract sales continued recording growth (+ 19.5% y-o-y). In terms of product 
offering, a new Unit-linked Single Premium product was launched with 80% “protection”. Moreover, 
a combined product proposal was introduced for customers who participate in a new Unit-linked 
Single Premium product, to exclusively participate in a “New Generation” investment product with 
100% capital guarantee and minimum guaranteed return at maturity.  
Approximately 26K collateral properties, from a loan portfolio managed by third party servicer 
(“Cairo (I & II)” project), were insured.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Furthermore, in the context of salesforce insurance sales culture enhancement, classroom sales 
training courses were conducted for Branch Network employees in close collaboration with NIC. 
Finally, an end-to-end process was designed for the promotion of Bancassurance products via 
outbound telemarketing. 
Private Banking: Sales volumes and RoA remained at 2021 levels with clients rebalancing their 
portfolios towards lower risk exposures. Market revaluation effect on AUM was fully recovered by 
new AUM additions mainly from existing AUM deepening and referrals coming from Premium 
segment. Portfolio performance was enhanced by a prompt switch from equities to selective short 
duration fixed income positions. Cash and near cash positions presented an anemic increase compared 
to 2021 levels. 
Premium Banking: the Bank: 
a) improved Premium Banking service delivery by (i) designing and implementing clientele 
segmentation in a way to provide discrete service model and value proposition for each sub-
segment, (ii) establishing scheduled appointments as the leading offer of premium banking 
service and (iii) conducting customer surveys; 
 
b) boosted investment product sales by designing and implementing: (i) innovative investment 
products with partial capital guarantee adapted to premium banking customers, (ii) focused 
training workshops and pilot training programs enhancing premium banking RMs and (iii) 
investment training tool in order to allow premium banking RMs to familiarize with the 
available options for each investment profile and develop an integrated investment plan for 
the premium banking customers. 
Mass segment: the Bank:  
a) successfully implemented the annual informational and promotional campaigns plan, that 
aimed at communicating to customers at the right time, via all available channels, the 
appropriate offer of high fee generating products;  
b) strengthened the cybersecurity strategy by improving the technical infrastructure, developing 
new card and account protection functionalities, and implementing information and education 
campaigns, aiming at maintaining the balance between customer experience and the 
transaction security. 
Branch network: Optimisation of branch network footprint and migration of transaction to 
ATM/APS continued (currently 118 onsite lobby ATMs and 358 APSs), with targeted unit mergers, 
aiming at saving resources and rationalizing its operation. Specifically, 12 branch mergers were 
completed within 2022. As of 31 December 2022, the NBG Network consisted of 345 Units (328 
Branches including 9 Retail i-bank Tellerless, 16 Transaction Offices and 1 Branch Annex). 
Furthermore, the branch network has been equipped with new PC terminals while the digital signature 
functionality was extended. More than 3,000 employees were trained on customer experience and 
sales. At the same time, key business processes re-engineering continued, improving further the 
customer experience and freeing time for dedicated staff to concentrate on other customer-servicing / 
sales activities. Indicatively, some of them are: 
• 
the automation and/or redesign of transaction controls; 
• 
the centralisation of small business import/export documentation collection as well as that of 
corporate and SMEs administrative activities; 
• 
the activation of the eGov-KYC feature in branch tablets; and

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
• 
the deployment of new scanner equipment at the branch staff services 
Το enhance the disengagement οf the Network from non-sales related operations, a Special 
Operations Unit was established and is hosted in Stadiou Branch, carrying out specific non-cash 
operations for selected customers of large branches. 
Digital business: In 2022, the Bank strengthened its digital offering to its business customers with 
new solutions and functionalities; the Bank expanded online repayment to a wide range of lending 
products and set instant notifications service. In addition, FX transfers and request for remittances’ 
fate or amendment were made available via internet banking for all Bank customers. Furthermore, the 
Bank enabled contactless payments via mobile with Google Pay and Apple Pay (expanded 
functionality for credit cards), and boosted sales by adding new products to its digital portfolio of 
products: new credit cards, Money Box savings tool, New Generation investment and the increase of 
the Express personal loan credit limit to €6 thousands. 
Moreover, aiming at further protecting its customers against phishing, the Bank enabled accounts and 
cards’ security settings management via digital banking. 
As part of the integration with eGov KYC, customers have the capability to update their personal ID 
via digital channels without uploading any documents or visiting a branch. 
Finally, at the end of 2022, the Bank increased customer convenience by offering all Bank’s 
cardholders the ability to simply tap their card on any Near Field Communication (“NFC”) enabled 
ATM. 
Finally, the Retail Banking Division through its independent Segment Risk & Control Sector, 
continued addressing the following actions across the whole Retail Banking Function: 
 
Enhancement of the Internal Control System. 
 
Alignment of its activities with those of the Risk and Control Functions, as well as Group 
Internal Audit. 
 
Achievement of a high degree of readiness & compliance against all regulatory obligations, as 
well as increased risk and control awareness. 
Retail lending  
The following table illustrates the domestic retail lending portfolio before any expected credit losses 
(“ECL”) allowance:  
 
As at 
 31 December 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2021 
2022 
In €000 
Consumer (auto financing, other, consumer lending 
and credit cards).................................................
1,639
1,427
1,427
Mortgages.............................................................
8,946
8,075
7,608
SBL.......................................................................
1,516
1,359
1,364

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Consumer Lending Products  
The Bank continued gaining disbursement market share across consumer lending categories, through 
sale of products via Branch network & Digital Channels and increased sales in new cards through 
“new generation” products. Also continued further expanding partners’ network, its current 
competitive advantage, maintaining a market share above 50% in consumer loans through third party 
retailers.  
The Bank’s domestic disbursement market share across all consumer loans and credit cards is 
constantly increasing, from 11.5% as at 31 December 2020, to 15.7% as at 31 December 2021 and 
16.3% as at 31 December 2022.  
In order to enhance consumer lending several campaigns have been designed and/or launched, 
providing specific consumer loan products with favourable terms to preselected clientele. 
Furthermore, aiming to improve customer experience, the maximum loan amount and duration of 
express personal loans were increased, now offering instant cash up to €6,000 and repayment up to 60 
months.  
Additionally, in the past four years the Bank has continued focusing on “green” banking, by 
participating in the “Energy Efficiency at Household Buildings II” programme, which includes loans 
with favourable terms and conditions for energy improvements at home.  
With regard to new business development, apart from the promotion of the Bank’s products through 
its branch network, the Bank is now in a position to cater for shifting market trends and support 
extensive B2C and B2B financing solutions, including car purchase, electric/electronic appliances 
purchase and related services and energy/eco financing via strategic partnerships with retail chains, 
market places, car importing companies or dealers and energy trade and supply companies.  
Opting to support this, the Bank has been able to invest and capitalise on key collaborations, in order 
to expand its respective market shares and penetration rates, through innovative and advanced 
products that involve swift and safe processes, an extensive network of sales persons, one-stop-
shop/BaaS services and second-to-none functionalities. As a result, more than half of the Bank’s 
consumer lending disbursements currently take place through these channels, with partners 
increasingly participating in delinquencies, partly or in total.  
Cards business in general continues its dynamic growth leaving a strong imprint throughout the 
domestic market. The Bank has a dominant position in the Debit & Prepaid cards market. Its strategic 
goal is to further increase its Credit Cards Portfolio. In the context of this strategic objective, the Bank 
has repositioned itself in the market by designing 3 new Credit Card packages. Simultaneously the 
Bank is boosting its new Credit Card sales with an emphasis on Cross Selling.  
The optimisation and automation of the Bank’s lending procedures, the digitalisation of customers’ 
services and the exploitation of various cross selling initiatives, are a part of the Bank’s 
Transformation Programme towards consumer lending.  
In the context of implementing a broader strategic Transformation plan, aiming to respond to new 
challenges of a dynamic and competitive Banking environment, the Bank decided to adopt the vertical 
hierarchy scheme in order to be aligned with the EU/UK practices. Therefore, NBG Retail lending 
regulation in Greece is currently under revision, adopting a vertical hierarchy scheme, consisting of: 
 
an overarching/ high level Credit Policy document, which articulates the key principles; 
 
a separate Retail Credit Sanctioning Guidelines document, which addresses the Bank’s 
underwriting criteria; and

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
two procedural manuals (one for individuals retail lending and another for SBL), which 
complement and further specify the Credit Sanctioning Guidelines accordingly. 
The new hierarchy scheme is expected to be in effect within 2023. Risk based pricing, credit policy 
and rules are still embedded in the Bank’s underwriting systems, to safeguard the new business 
expansion.  
The balance of the domestic consumer loan portfolio (personal loans, auto financing, other consumer 
lending and credit cards) before any allowance for ECL decreased from €1,639 million as at 31 
December 2020, to €1,427 million as at 31 December 2021, and to €1,427 million as at 31 December 
2022.   
Mortgage Lending Products 
According to Bank of Greece residential real estate price indices of Q4 2022, it is estimated that in the 
fourth quarter of 2022 apartment prices (in nominal terms) increased on average by 12.2% compared 
to the corresponding quarter of 2021, while for 2022 apartment prices increased at an average annual 
rate of 11.1%, compared to an increase of 7.6% in 2021. The continued increase in rental prices 
combined with the accumulated need during the ten-year financial crisis to acquire a house for owner-
occupancy can fuel demand for mortgages (for purchases as well as for renovation purposes). The 
Bank offers funding solutions to both existing and new clientele, having repriced mortgage loan 
products, whereas mixed interest rate products for funding of NBG owned residential properties have 
been launched. 
The adoption of various strategic / tactical actions led to increased disbursements, achieving Bank’s 
targeted market share. More specifically, further improvements were introduced aiming to optimize 
customer experience and minimise transaction time, e.g., centralisation of all partial disbursements, 
optimisation of mortgage loan application through internet banking, increase in loan to value ratio by 
5%, initial partial disbursement upon provision of the building permit in case of house construction. 
Opting to support Bank’s expansion of mortgage loans’ market share, the Bank has currently invested 
in key collaborations with major real estate agents and brokers, aiming to exploit their extensive 
network of salespersons and one-stop-shop services across Greece. In that context, a discrete 
centralised swim lane for ML applications via real estate agents was established, leading to a simpler, 
more efficient and personalised operating model. As a result, a significant proportion of the Bank’s 
mortgage lending disbursements (already 14% for 2022) takes place through this alternative channel, 
which approaches, at present, 14% with a dynamic of doubling this figure by next years.  
High expectations for new disbursements reflected in this year’s results: €302 million for year ended 
31 December 2022 vs €167 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and €99 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Respectively, the Bank’s domestic disbursement market share in mortgage loans increased from 
19.4% as at 31 December 2020 to 26.1% as at 31 December 2021 and to 25.6% as at 
31 December 2022. 
As part of the Bank’s Transformation Program, further actions to offload Branches from back-office 
tasks, speed up the overall mortgage loan process and optimize customer experience are under way.  
In the context of implementing a broader strategic Transformation plan, aiming to respond to new 
challenges of a dynamic and competitive Banking environment, the Bank decided to adopt the vertical 
hierarchy scheme in order to be aligned with the EU/UK practices. So, NBG Retail lending regulation 
in Greece, is currently under revision, adopting a vertical hierarchy scheme, consisting of: 
 
an overarching/ high level Credit Policy document, which articulates the key principles

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
a separate Retail Credit Sanctioning Guidelines document, which addresses the Bank’s 
underwriting criteria and 
 
two procedural manuals (one for individuals retail lending and another for SBL), which 
complement and further specify the Credit Sanctioning Guidelines accordingly. 
The new hierarchy scheme is expected to be in effect within 2023. Risk based pricing, credit policy 
and rules are still embedded in the Bank’s underwriting systems, to safeguard the new business 
expansion. 
As at 31 December 2022, the residential mortgage loan portfolio, before any ECL allowance, was 
€7,608 million, compared to €8,075 million at 31 December 2021 and €8,946 million at 31 December 
2020.   
Small Business Lending Products  
The Bank's Small Business & Retail Lending Division (“SB & RL Division”) is the unit responsible 
for managing credit provision to small businesses with annual turnover of up to €2.5 million and total 
exposure of up to €1.0 million, in accordance with the Bank’s applicable Credit & Collection policy 
and approved authority levels. It operates through credit centres in the main urban centres (Athens, 
Thessaloniki), which handle small business loan credit applications. During 2022, a redesign project 
has been completed establishing a new operational model in the underwriting process. More 
specifically, further automations have been introduced in the collection of data and information for 
applicants, the required documents accompanying the applications and further automations are 
planned to be introduced in 2023, including the new combined SB Credit Risk models. 
These enhancements are supported by revised Credit Sanctioning guidelines & manuals, which 
introduce alternative swim lanes in credit assessment based on the fulfillment of a number of criteria 
related to operational complexity of applications and the risk profile of the SMEs/guarantors/ 
applicant’s shareholders. Criteria are checked automatically to a great extend through a decision 
engine, enabling thus to establish “auto swim lanes” – reject or approve, based on the fulfillment of 
specific criteria and enabling the improvement in overall performance of Credit centers (in terms of 
time required for the credit decision).  
One of the main responsibilities is the development of the relative SBL products in order to offer a 
full range of financial solutions to the customers. Apart from the development of new products related 
to the standard types of loans offered by the Bank, the unit also cooperates with national and 
European bodies in order to offer special products and financial instruments, such as, ERDF, EAFRD, 
EGF Pan-European, and TEPIX 2. The aim of these programmes is to provide SMEs with the 
necessary support for their growth funds, while reducing: 
 
the need for collateral thanks to the guarantee provided to the Bank by the EFSI (EaSI and 
ERFD, EAFRD EGF Pan-European) with the support of the European Union and by HDB 
(State Guarantee Fund, TMEDE) with the support of the Greek government; 
 
the cost of financing, since a zero-interest rate is applied on 40% of the loan thanks to the 
non-interest-bearing portion of the financing supplied by HDB.  
With the participation of HDB, the Bank launched: 
 
the State guarantee working capital programme, exclusively for very small businesses with 
turnover up to €200,000: 80% of the loan is guaranteed by HDB, with a total duration of up to 
five years, and the amount can reach the lesser of the following, €50,000 or 25% of 2019 
turnover. Starting from 15 October 2021, the perimeter of the Programme has been expanded 
to include small businesses with turnover up to €1,000,000, while the amount reached the

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
lesser of the following, €250,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover (other terms being the same). The 
Program was terminated on 30 June 2022, as scheduled; 
 
co-financing working capital loans with interest rate subsidy with the HDB for working 
capital financing up to €50,000 to small and very small businesses, operating in the Western 
Macedonia region (“Development Fund of Western Macedonia” or “TADYM”). The 
Programme was terminated, due to consumption of the budget, on 31 October 2022; 
 
State guarantee working capital programme with the participation of HDB through the 
Guarantee Fund HDB – EPWCF (Engineers and Public Works Contractors Fund), applicable 
to SMEs: 80% of the loan is guaranteed by HDB, with a total duration of up to five years, and 
the amount can reach the lesser of the following, €200,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover or twice 
the total annual wage bill. The Programme was terminated on 30 June 2022, as scheduled; and 
 
co-financing loans for investment plans with the HDB for loan amounts from €25,000 up to 
€1,500,000, applicable to SMEs (TEPIX 2 – BF1). The programme is expected to be 
terminated as scheduled on 31 October 2023. 
With the participation of EIF, the Bank offered:  
 
Loan Guarantee Program – EaSI COVID-19 for very small businesses with the participation 
of EIF up to €50,000. 68.8% of the loan is guaranteed by EIF. The Program was terminated 
on 30 June 2022, as scheduled. 
 
Loan Guarantee Programme – Pan-European (EGF) with the participation of EIF. The 
Programme consists of 2 different contractual agreements (Sub-Programmes), the Uncapped 
and the Capped. The first with a budget of €1.25 billion and the second with a budget of €350 
million. The maximum loan amount for the Uncapped sub-programme is up to €5 million 
(terms and conditions apply) for a duration up to 10 years and for the Capped is up to €2.57 
million (terms and conditions apply) for a duration up to 5 years. For both Subprogrammes 
70% is guaranteed by EIF duration. 
Moreover, the Bank will continue offering: 
 
Loan Guarantee Programme – ESIF EAFRD Greece under the rural development programme 
for loan amounts from €10,000 up to €5,000,000: 80% is guaranteed by EIF. The programme 
is applicable to SMEs which implement investments in agricultural holdings and processing, 
marketing and/or development of agricultural products. 
 
Loan Guarantee Programme – ESIF ERDF for loan amounts from €10,000 up to €1,875,000 
and loan total duration from 12 months to ten years: 80% is guaranteed by EIF. The 
programme is applicable to microenterprises (including natural persons) and SMEs. The loan 
purpose may cover the following categories: 
 
investment in tangible or intangible assets; and/or  
 
working capital; and 
 
transfer of propriety rights in enterprises.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Furthermore, due to the increased demand for investment loans in the production of energy from 
photovoltaic systems, the Bank proceeded with the repositioning of the photovoltaic power station 
loans with favourable terms. 
In order to further facilitate market expansion and enhance market penetration, with respect to the SB 
finance, the Bank is currently fostering key collaborations with major accounting offices and 
consulting companies through a referral process. The primary goal is to promote synergies through the 
utilisation of their extensive network of sales executives and one-stop-shop services, both at major 
cities but also across the region. Preliminary results show noteworthy dynamic in disbursements 
originated from this alternative channel in order to further expand by next year.  
The Bank’s domestic disbursement market share across SB loans is constantly increasing, from 20.5% 
as at 31 December 2020, to 23.5% as at 31 December 2021 and 25.9% as at 31 December 2022. As at 
31 December 2022, the domestic SBL gross outstanding portfolio, before any ECL allowance for 
impairment, was €1,364 million, compared to €1,359 million as at 31 December 2021 and €1,516 
million as at 31 December 2020.  
Savings and Investment Products 
Savings and investment products of the Bank are offered in Euro and in other currencies. In addition 
to other products, the Bank offers investment products with yields that are higher than its basic 
deposit products, including capital-guaranteed principal products, Greek government bonds and other 
bonds from the Bank’s trading portfolio, repurchase agreements between the Bank and its clients and 
a wide range of mutual funds and unit trust products provided by NBG Asset Management Mutual 
Funds S.A. (“NBG Asset Management”), which is 100% owned by Group companies. See “Global 
Investment & Asset Management” below. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
2022 has been a challenging year, with the Russia - Ukraine crisis, inflation and interest rate increase 
still being the primary factors for economic development around the world. Many major clients have 
prepaid their exposures as a result of excess liquidity combined with the high benchmark interest rates 
in global markets.  
The main objective of the Bank’s Corporate and Investment Banking (“CIB”) business is to provide 
its clients with tailor made solutions, acting as their main partner bank to facilitate their growth plans, 
fully meet their needs in respect of credit and non-credit products and services, while generating value 
for both sides of the banking partnership, thereby ensuring sustainable revenues and profitability of 
the Bank.  
The Bank offers corporate clients a wide range of products and services, including financial and 
investment advisory services, deposit accounts, loans denominated in euro and other currencies, 
foreign exchange services, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, insurance products, 
custody arrangements and trade finance services. 
The Bank extends financing to all sectors of the economy. As at 31 December 2022, domestic 
commercial lending amounted to €24,287 million and represented 68.7% of the total domestic loan 
portfolio of the Group, compared to €19,043 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 62.5% of 
the total domestic loan portfolio of the Group  
The Bank lends primarily in the form of short-term credit lines and medium/long-term loans. Apart 
from financing, the Bank provides standby letters of credit and financial guarantees for its customers, 
which amounted to €4,907 million as at 31 December 2022 compared to €3,224 million as at 31 
December 2021 and €2,790 million as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Corporate banking includes the following divisions: 
Large Corporate: The Large Corporate portfolio is being handled by two separate divisions with 
distinctly separate structure and clientele. One division deals with large groups and companies from 
€200 million annual turnover and above (on a consolidated basis). The other division focuses in mid-
capitalisation companies (with €50 million to €200 million annual turnover) and other specialised 
categories (such as intragroups, Greek state related entities, etc.). 
Structured Financing: Following its structural reorganization over the past years, the Structured 
Financing business is now a core growth arm of the CIB. It focuses on originating, managing and 
executing wholesale, event-driven primarily, financings across four pillars:  
- Energy Project Finance 
- Real Estate Finance 
- Concessions, Infrastructure & Advisory 
- Leveraged Acquisition Finance 
Transactions are mostly executed on a non-recourse basis, either in bilateral or syndicated format, 
mobilising the team’s in-house placement capabilities. Beyond customary support of local sponsors, 
Structured Financing is particularly focused on facilitating foreign direct investment (“FDI”) of 
diverse investors in Greece across the aforementioned financial sectors.  
Medium-Sized Businesses (SME): This part of the CIB’s portfolio (including businesses with annual 
turnover between €2.5 million and €50 million, or Small Business with total exposure to the Bank 
exceeding €1 million, or initially originated from the Bank’s SME Division) was broadly affected by 
the ongoing pandemic and is in need of proper support. The timely and targeted actions of the 
Division are expected to assist our customers in weathering this new financial challenge and keep our 
focus on tapping into the potential of the Greek economy.  
In this deteriorated financial environment, the Bank’s long-term strategy to ensure a steady flow of 
liquidity to businesses that continue to invest in competitiveness and innovation, while extroversion is 
considered paramount in the Business Plan’s agenda. At the same time, the Bank participated in 
several favorable business financing programs in cooperation with European organizations, such as 
the EIB and the EIF. 
Shipping Finance: Greece is one of the world’s largest ship owning nations with a long-standing 
tradition in Shipping. Shipping has been one of the most important sectors of the Greek economy with 
the Bank being one of the key participants in Greek Shipping Finance, the activities of which are 
carried out through its dedicated Piraeus-based shipping unit.  
The Bank has traditionally provided long-term ship financing for the last 60 years, mainly to shipping 
companies trading in the dry bulk and wet sectors, while gradually expanding to more specialized 
markets with a consistent view to asset quality, managing risk and enhancing the portfolio’s 
profitability.  
In 2022, several events affected shipping business in a local or even global scale, disrupting supply 
chains and reshuffling major shipping routes; port congestions due to increased consumer demand and 
COVID-induced lockdowns, the Russia-Ukraine war leading to higher fuel prices and longer trade 
routes, together with a manageable pace of growth in the vessels’ supply (mostly due to technological 
uncertainty reasons), favoured all shipping markets to a lesser or greater extent. During this period, 
the Bank has continued to steadily expand its customer base and balances, while further leveraged the 
potential of its existing, high-quality clientele, successful relationships. Changes in the regulatory

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
framework regarding the operation of vessels and environmental protection are still under way and are 
expected to impact the shipping markets over time. The Bank monitors the environmental aspects 
closely as well as the technological developments regarding the gradual replacement of fossil fuels by 
more environmental-friendly ones for ship propulsion. 
Investment Banking 
NBG’s Investment Banking Division provides advisory services to a wide range of corporate clients, 
institutions, public authorities, shareholders and PE firms across several industries, relating to mergers 
and acquisitions, privatisation projects, as well as valuations, financial restructurings, capital structure 
analysis etc. Additionally, it provides advisory and underwriting services in Greek Capital Market 
transactions (ECM & DCM). Throughout 2022 and up the date of this Prospectus, NBG Investment 
Banking Division continued to provide advisory and underwriting services to a number of corporate 
clients in relation to ECM and DCM transactions as well as M&A advisory services. 
NPE management (Legacy Portfolio) & Specialized Asset Solutions 
NPE Management (Retail Collection Unit & Special Assets Unit): The Bank under the Trouble Asset 
Unit (“TAU”) has established two dedicated and independent internal units, one responsible for the 
management of the Bank’s retail loans (the Retail Collection Unit (“RCU”)) and the other for the 
Bank’s corporate delinquent exposures (the Special Assets Unit (“SAU”)). The two units have the 
end-to-end responsibility for their respective troubled asset exposures. Regarding corporate 
governance, the units report to the General Manager – Head of Legacy Portfolio & Specialized Asset 
Solutions, as well as to a dedicated Arrears and non – performing loans (“NPL”) Management 
Committee, which in turn reports to the Board Risk Committee. Furthermore, there are tangible Group 
initiatives regarding the management of real estate, related to workout actions (auctions, foreclosures 
and repossessions) with strong involvement of the Group Real Estate Management experts and the 
monitoring by the Senior Executive Committee. 
In 2022, TAU reorganized in order to achieve a more efficient operational model. All Small Business 
exposures below €1 million were transferred from SAU to RCU resulting to a more a transparent NPE 
management solution for Corporate and Retail exposures. 
Total NPE portfolio at Group level amounted to €1.8 billion as at 31 December 2022 compared to 
€2.3 billion as at 31 December 2021. 
Following NBG’s decision to not proceed with the carve out the TAU, the Bank is in the position to: 
• 
control NPE inflows; 
• 
preserve balance sheet health; and 
• 
explore opportunities arising in the secondary market that evolves from the workout of NPE 
portfolios that have exited the banking system. 
To this end, in 2022, the Bank established the Specialized Asset Solutions Unit (see section below 
“Specialized Asset Solutions”) responsible for the end to end coverage of the respective market, by 
offering a full spectrum of financing solutions (i.e., portfolio acquisition, REOCo financing, Real 
Estate financing to end buyers) to the ecosystem of NPE’s servicers and investment funds. 
Retail Collections management 
The RCU was established in 2010 as the independent and centralized unit of the Bank responsible for 
the management of delinquent, non-performing and denounced retail that are: A) 1+ days past due 
(“dpd”) and B) current (0 dpd) and classified as Forborne Exposures (“FPE” & “FNPE”). As at 31

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
December 2022 and 2021, the retail NPE loan portfolio under RC management amounted to €0.8 and 
€0.9 billion respectively. As at 31 December 2020 the relevant figures under management were €2.2 
billion (including Frontier II). Moreover, as at 31 December 2022, forborne exposures (forborne non-
performing exposures and forborne performing exposures) amounting to €2.1 billion were under RC 
management (31 December 2021: €2.6 billion and 31 December 2020: €3.1 billion ((including 
Frontier II))  
The RCU’s strategy for managing delinquent retail clients is performed through a combination of 
channels, such as the Internal Collections Centre (“ICC”), dedicated personnel in the Bank’s branch 
network, external debt collection agencies and external law firms. The RCU determines the strategy 
(i.e. collection, restructuring or legal) for each borrower in accordance with a framework that utilises 
available loan and borrower data. It makes extensive use of information technology, call strategy and 
monitoring tools in the ICC to perform rigorous collections in the early stages of delinquency, while 
outsourcing certain cases to external agencies which are given incentive-based remuneration. For 
restructuring, the RCU utilises the ICC, the branch network and legal offices to communicate with 
borrowers. Factors, such as the income and living expenses of the borrower, the presence and amount 
of collateral and the days past due of the loan are utilised with the support of tools (such as the 
‘Algorithm’) to provide borrowers with viable modification solutions. The products employed by the 
RCU in respect of restructurings include features such as the request for additional collateral 
coverage, maturity extension, interest rate reduction, monthly payment reduction for up to six years, 
or partial debt forgiveness (split balance) that provides incentives to remain current (with provisional 
forgiveness at maturity). After mid-stage delinquency, legal action can be initiated in parallel, 
utilising legal offices (internal and external). The Bank’s actions can escalate from denouncement up 
to collateral foreclosure and auction in order to achieve debt recovery. 
Special Assets Unit 
The SAU established in June 2014, is an independent and centralized unit, with end-to-end 
responsibility for the management of Large Corporate, SME, Shipping NPEs. 
After reorganisation, SAU consists of three divisions and one new TAU Strategy & Projects sector. 
Two out of three Divisions focus on Corporate NPE management/administration and the third on 
planning and controlling issues  
Borrowers of Corporate NPE management division are segmented into three categories based on the 
following criteria: 
• 
Large Corporates (“LCs”): Group of customers with annual turnover above €50 million, or 
initially originated from the Large Corporate Division and complex deals.  
• 
SMEs: Customers with annual turnover between €2.5 million and €50 million, or Small 
Business with total exposure to the Bank exceeding €1 million, or initially originated from the 
SME Division. 
• 
Shipping: Customers with operations related to the shipping sector. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Corporate NPE loan portfolio under SAU management amounted to 
€0.6 billion compared to €0.8 billion as at 31 December 2021, and €1.5 billion as at 31 December 
2020. The SAU proposes customised loan modification and debt restructuring solutions to enterprises 
that are facing difficulties meeting their obligations and have operational and financial weaknesses. 
There is a clear prioritisation strategy per portfolio managed, based on aging, size, collateralisation 
levels and status of legal actions. The SAU assesses the creditworthiness of the borrower using 
analytical tools and metrics, taking into consideration a number of factors, including but not limited

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
to: cooperativeness of the borrower, the size of exposure, the borrower’s viability and debt repayment 
capacity, collateral levels, market and competitive conditions and the industry in which it operates. 
Based on the results of its assessment, the SAU proposes customised loan modification and 
restructuring solutions for the borrowers’ loans, also taking into consideration the results of a “net 
present value” tool. A number of restructuring products and debt settlement solutions for small 
customers respectively are also in place. 
As at 31 December 2022, forborne exposures (forborne non-performing exposures and forborne 
performing exposures) amounting to €0.4 billion were under SAU management (31 December 2021: 
€0.5 billion and 31 December 2020: €0.8 billion).  
Specialized Asset Solutions 
Given the ending phase of the NPE deleveraging process, the rehabilitation of these portfolios serves 
as an opportunity for NBG to diversify and enhance its sources of income. While servicers are 
speeding up efforts to meet agreed business plans, NBG aim is to capture opportunities arising from 
the workout of sold/securitized portfolios. 
In particular, NBG is focusing on the following key strategies and aims to be the Bank of first choice 
in this emerging market: 
i) 
Acquisition Financing: Selective financing of NPE portfolio buyers in primary & secondary 
market. 
ii) REOCo financing: Financing of NPE portfolio buyers or Real Estate portfolio investors to 
acquire Real Estate collaterals (and subsequently sell them).  
iii) Real Estate Financing: Financing of end buyers of Real Estate assets (individuals & businesses) 
through a referral framework with key market participants or ad hoc transactions. 
iv) Reperforming portfolio acquisition (as and when the market matures in accordance with EBA 
guidelines). 
Ultimately, the Specialized Asset Solutions aims to bring rehabilitated assets and borrowers back into 
the banking system, actively supporting in this way the effort to increase the bankable population of 
the country after years of crisis and balance sheet deleveraging, supporting the further growth of the 
Greek economy. 
To this end, the new Unit has managed to complete several transactions in 2H.22, reaching and 
exceeding its 2022 target of €200 million disbursements, while building significant pipeline for 2023. 
NPE reduction plan 
From December 2015 to December 2022, the Group achieved a reduction of €22.6 billion of its 
legacy NPE stock, through a combination of organic and inorganic actions. The NPE ratio dropped 
from 46.8% to 5.2% post to the Project “Frontier” derecognition and the Project “Frontier II” 
classification as Held for Sale. More specifically, NPE reduction continued in 2022, with the stock of 
domestic NPEs reduced further by €0.5 billion to €1.6 billion, reflecting mainly inorganic actions (see 
below “Disposal of NPE portfolios”).  
Domestic NPE ratio dropped by c. 180 basis points (“bps”) to 5.1% in 4Q.22, with NPE coverage at 
88.4% from 77.5% in 4Q.21.  
International NPE ratio and coverage in 4Q.22 settled at 7.6% and 73.7%, respectively.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
Furthermore, as per the regular ECB calendar, the Bank’s revised NPE targets for the 2023-25 period 
were submitted to the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) on 31 March 2023. The objective of the 
revised 3-year Plan, which forms integral part of the Group Business Strategy, is to actively pursue a 
credible NPE ratio improvement, leading to a level aligned with the EU average (~3%) by 2025.  
Disposal of NPE portfolios 
In the context of the Bank’s NPE deleveraging strategy and is in line with the Operational Targets 
submitted to the SSM, the Bank has entered into definitive agreements for the disposal of the 
following non-performing portfolios: 
 
In July 2022, following the relevant announcement on 16 October 2020 and the reception of 
the required approvals by the competent regulatory authorities, the Bank completed the 
disposal of its 100% stake in a Cypriot Credit Acquiring Company, CAC Coral Ltd (“Project 
Marina”) to Bain Capital, which predominantly contained a portfolio of legacy of non-
performing corporate, SME and consumer and mortgage loans with a total Gross Book Value 
of approximately €325 million (€200 million of allocated collateral value) as of 30 June 2019 
(see above "Other divestments – Planned divestment of CAC Coral Ltd"). 
 
In February 2021, NBG announced that it had completed the disposal of a non-performing, 
predominantly secured, corporate loan portfolio (“Project Icon”) with total principal amount 
as at 30 June 2019 of €1.6 billion (€0.6 billion of allocated collateral value) to Bain Capital.  
 
in May 2021, following the relevant announcement on 22 December 2020, the Bank 
completed the disposal of a Romanian-risk corporate NPE portfolio (“Project Danube”) with 
a total GBV of €174 million (€102 million of allocated collateral value) to Bain Capital. 
 
in December 2021, the Bank decided the disposal of the non-performing leasing exposures 
including: the sale of Probank Leasing S.A. shares, the sale of the Bank’s leasing portfolio 
(ex-FBB) and the sale of NBG Leasing S.A. lease portfolio (“Project Pronto”). The gross 
book value of the Bank’s and NBG Leasing’s leasing portfolios, at the same date, amounted 
to €51 million as of the 31 December 2022. The transaction is estimated to be completed 
within the second half of 2023, subject to required approvals. 
NPE securitisations 
Project “Frontier” 
On 17 December 2021, the Bank completed the Frontier transaction, which involves the securitisation 
of a portfolio of NPE with a total gross book value of approximately €6 billion as of 30 June 2020, 
following fulfillment of all conditions’ precedent, including receipt of all necessary approvals. The 
portfolio consisted of secured Large Corporate, Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), Small 
Business Lending (SBL), Mortgages and Consumer Loans.  
NBG retained 100.0% of the Senior Notes, which are guaranteed from the State under the Hellenic 
Asset Protection Scheme (HAPS – see below), selling 95.0% of the Mezzanine and Junior Notes to 
the consortium consisting of affiliates of Bain Capital Credit (Bain Capital), Fortress Investment 
Group and doValue Greece. 
The Bank has also serviced the portfolio on behalf of the noteholders for the period between 17 
December 2021 and 4 February 2022, when the migration of the portfolio to the long-term servicer 
(doValue Greece) took place.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Project “Frontier” represents a landmark transaction for the Bank. Specifically, the transaction (i) 
received two credit ratings, (ii) was not associated with a hive-down and (iii) is serviced by a servicer 
not arising from a carve out from the bank itself.  
Project “Frontier II” 
In the context of deleveraging its NPEs through inorganic actions and according to its NPE 
Divestment Policy, the Bank decided the disposal of a portfolio of Greek Non-Performing Exposures 
in the form of a rated securitization that will utilize the provisions of HAPS, known as Hercules II. 
The portfolio includes secured Large Corporate, Small and Medium Enterprises, Small Business 
Lending, Residential Mortgage loans and Consumer loans with a total gross book value of 
approximately €1.0 billion (as of the cut-off date 31 December 2021).  
On 29 July 2022, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with funds 
managed by Bracebridge Capital LLC for the sale of 95% of the Mezzanine and Junior notes. NBG 
will retain the 100% of the Senior notes and 5% of the Mezzanine and Junior notes. 
The transaction is estimated to be completed within the second quarter of 2023, subject to required 
approvals.  
Project “Solar” 
In December 2021, the Bank decided to launch the divestment of the secured portfolio of SMEs 
(Project “Solar”) with a gross book value c. €170 million as of 31 December 2021, through a joint 
securitisation process under the HAPS (see below).  
In August 2022, the Bank together with the other Greek financial institutions submitted to the Greek 
Ministry of Finance a joint application for inclusion of the senior notes to be issued in the context of 
the Solar Securitisation in the HAPS scheme. 
The transaction is expected to be completed within the second quarter of 2023, subject to required 
approvals. 
Hellenic Republic Asset Protection Scheme 
In December 2019, the Greek parliament voted for the creation of Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme 
(HAPS) (Greek law 4649/2019) also known as the “Hercules Scheme”. The Hercules Scheme will 
support banks on deleveraging NPEs through securitisation, with the aim of obtaining greater market 
stability. The participation in the Hercules Scheme is voluntary and open to all Greek banks and it 
does not constitute state aid as guarantees are priced on market terms. 
Under the Hercules Scheme, the Hellenic Republic will provide guarantees up to €12.0 billion on the 
senior bonds of securitisations of NPEs. The Hercules Scheme will become effective only when the 
originator has sold at least 50% plus one of junior tranches (and mezzanine if any) and the notes are of 
such amount that allows the derecognition and the Significant Risk Transfer (SRT) of the customised 
receivables. 
Moreover, in July 2021, following the approval from the DG Competition on 9 April 2021 and based 
on the Greek law 4818/2021, the “Hercules” Scheme (named also as Hercules II) was extended by 
18 months with no material changes in terms (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – 
Asset protection scheme for banks in Greece”).

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Global Investment & Asset Management 
Treasury 
The Bank carries out its own treasury activities within the prescribed position and counterparty limits. 
These activities include: 
 
Greek and other sovereign securities trading; 
 
foreign exchange trading; 
 
interbank lending and borrowing in euro and other currency placements and deposits; 
 
repurchase agreements; 
 
corporate bonds; and 
 
derivative products, such as forward rate agreement trading, options and interest rate and 
currency swaps. 
The Treasury is active across a broad spectrum of capital market products and operations, including 
bonds and securities, interbank placements in the international money and foreign exchange markets 
and market-traded and over-the-counter financial derivatives. It supplies the branch network with 
value-added deposit products, and its client base includes institutions, corporations, insurance funds 
and large private-sector investors. In general, the Bank enters into derivatives transactions for 
economic hedging purposes or in response to specific customer requirements. 
The Bank is active in the primary and secondary trading of Greek government securities, as well as in 
the international Eurobond market, especially EGBs, EFSF and ESM issues. The Bank is a founding 
member of the Group of Greek Government Securities Primary Dealers which was established by the 
Bank of Greece in early 1998 and of the Group of EFSF-ESM Securities Primary Dealers which was 
established in 2010. In addition, it is a member of the EU Primary Dealer’s Network which was 
established in 2021. 
Group Real Estate 
Group Real Estate is responsible for the comprehensive management of the NBG Group’s total real 
estate portfolio and for the provision of valuation and technical services on a fully integrated basis. 
The real estate portfolio is composed of properties owned or leased by the Group to house its 
operations (branch network, administrative offices and headquarters), the portfolio of repossessed 
assets (“REOs”), and special purpose vehicles housing large properties. 
Over the past few years, Group Real Estate has undertaken an increasingly more important role in the 
Bank’s strategic objectives, expanding its activities beyond its traditional real estate management 
activities to include asset repossession, maturation and divestment of properties, thereby actively 
contributing to the Bank’s NPE reduction strategy and the overall targets of the Healthy Balance 
Sheet Workstream of the Bank’s Transformation Program. 
Despite turbulent market conditions globally, 2022 was the second year in a row of very successful 
property sales. REO divestment targets were exceeded, achieving a historic record period 
performance. More specifically: 
 
Total Group real estate sales reached 389 properties with value of c. €64 million, yielding 
significant profits.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
377 properties with value of c. €44 million from the total sales were sold through the website 
portal, either via electronic tender or through the buy now process. 
In the context of the Bank’s Environmental Strategy, Group Real Estate completed several ESG 
implementation projects with respect to its buildings. The most notable were: 
 
the installation of sophisticated energy monitoring systems in buildings with high consumption 
levels; 
 
first year of operation of PV solar panel installation of 1.8 MW capacity on warehouse roofs of 
Bank’s logistics subsidiary, covering more than half of total energy consumption; 
 
property energy efficiency upgrades, in the context of which lighting, heating and cooling systems 
were significantly upgraded; 
 
the installation of water consumption reduction systems in several buildings.  
Strategic areas of REO business 
Key drivers for REO’s successful performance were the adoption of a new strategy for the 
comprehensive management of all promotional channels (electronic channels, brokers, branch 
network) and the transition from a traditional model of physical tenders to a more flexible, integrated 
model, in order to ensure the efficient exploitation of real estate portfolios with a large geographical 
spread.  
More specifically, for the promotion of REOs, as well as other properties of the Group, an Agents’ 
registry with nationwide coverage was created and, the web portal www.realestateonline.gr was 
significantly upgraded, incorporating a platform for electronic tenders, ensuring transparency, greater 
efficiencies and further enhancing flexibility in real estate transactions. 
As of 31 December 2022, there were 1,771 properties with value of c. €204 million ready for sale 
through the portal, with an additional c. 1,118 properties valued at c. €138 million to be uploaded 
within 2023 and a further c. 946 properties valued at c. €100 million to follow.  
In addition to the above, as part of the Transformation Program, the remaining properties held in the 
Bank’s legacy portfolio, consisting of c. 400 properties, were transferred to the REO Division for 
maturation and divestment, a process expected to last up to five years. 
Property Management and Technical Services 
The continuation and successful completion of the energy upgrading of the Group’s buildings is a key 
target in the coming years, in order to further reduce the Group’s carbon footprint.  
Activities in 2022: 
In 2022, the Property Management Division intensified its efforts on the Bank’s Real Estate spending 
optimization objectives with respect to the Branch Network and Headquarters’ Buildings under the 
relevant Transformation Program, reducing overall costs via lease terminations and subleasing of 
vacant spaces to third parties. In addition, the Property Management Division enlisted the assistance 
of expert advisors for the resolution of long-standing issues stemming from burdened legacy assets 
owned both by the Bank and Group’s Special Purpose Vehicles (“SPVs”). Highlight of the period is 
the completion of the expropriation process (€5 million transaction) of a historic industrial complex in 
Elefsina ("Votrys Elaiourgeio").

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
Group Real Estate houses all the valuations and related real estate advisory activities of the Group 
through the Property Valuations and Advisory Division (“PVAD”). The PVAD is responsible for 
conducting all types of valuations, technical assessments & investment plan appraisals (e.g. hotels, 
malls, renewable energy plants, industrial plants) for movable (equipment, machinery, airplanes, 
intangible assets, goods & commodities) & immovable collateral assets. Moreover, it provides 
multifaceted relevant services and support to all Group Business Units (Corporate, Retail, TAU, 
Leasing, owned real estate assets) and ad hoc appraisal services to third parties. The PVAD has a total 
manpower of 54 experts (engineers & economists) and manages a network of c. 400 External Valuers 
throughout Greece. 
With respect to the PVAD core service area, 2022 was a productive year with c. 50,000 valuations 
with a total value of c. €18 billion and an additional c. 25,000 valuation reviews. Furthermore, thanks 
to its professional expertise, PVAD offered valuation services to third-party institutional clients, the 
most notable being the revaluation of OTE Estate’s asset portfolio. 
Overall, due to its unique expertise, PVAD crucially contributes to a significant number of regulatory 
projects and Bank initiatives, such as ESG related activities and financings.  
The Technical Services Unit offers a wide spectrum of technical services to the NBG Group, starting 
from its services of facility management of Bank buildings, focusing primarily on maintenance and 
refurbishment of Group infrastructure and facilities (1,204 Sites), to the undertaking of specialized 
studies and projects, provision of certifications, surveys, property controls, and fire safety. In this 
context, the Technical Services Unit ensures the Group’s compliance with all rules and regulations of 
a technical nature pertaining to buildings. 
In 2022 the most significant project initiatives of c. €25 million budget, were the:  
 
restructuring of the Branch Network and 
 
renovation of several Branches; 
Furthermore, Technical Services Unit provided:  
 
technical advice to the Group’s warehouse subsidiary with respect to its new logistics expansion 
investment program and the extension of solar panel installations for further energy efficiencies; 
and 
 
technical support for the development and relocation of Stopanska Banka’s Headquarter 
Building in Skopje.  
Global Transaction Services  
The Global Transaction Services Division (“GTS”) of NBG serves the transactional product needs of 
Large Corporates, Small & Medium Size enterprises, Financial Institutions as well as Small 
Businesses and individuals. Products & Services offered include Payments Import & Export 
Collections, Letters of Guarantee (“LG”), Letters of Credit (“LC”), Stand By Letters of Credits 
(“SBLCs”), as well as structured financing solutions facilitating cross border Trade and covering the 
entire supply chain.  
During 2022, GTS:  
 
effected drawdowns of €795 million via structured Trade financings and maintained a Letter of 
Guarantee book (incl. SBLCs) of €4.2 billion;

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
maintained a leading market share in import and export products by SWIFT Traffic, as well as 
in local payments; 
 
won Global Finance “Best Trade Finance Bank” award for the 10th year in a row. 
Strategic areas of GTS: 
In the context of the Bank’s strategic Transformation Program that aims at improving the operational 
efficiencies and developing the expertise of GTS, the Bank is constantly investing in new 
technologies, with related projects being in full progress, offering clients integrated flows and instant 
messaging options. 
Leveraging on NBG’s competitive advantages, GTS further develops the close cooperation and 
coordination with the Bank’s business and functional units, targeting “new to Trade” clients, further 
penetration to the existing client base and design/implementation of innovative solutions that will 
contribute to the improvement of profitability and operational cost measures.  
Moreover, during the post COVID-19 period, GTS managed to respond in the best possible way to the 
Bank’s client requests, offering top quality services and subject matter expertise in Payments and 
Trade Finance solutions. Our goal remains to support in an efficient and consistent way our clients’ 
business and expansion plans in the international competitive landscape, offering specialized quality 
service, flexible solutions and quick response times.  
Another pillar of the GTS Division is Correspondent Banking. The Bank maintains one of the largest 
domestic branch and international correspondent networks, offering a full range of transaction 
banking services, something that distinguishes us as the “Bank of First Choice” and trusted partner for 
most of the world’s leading Financial Institutions. Consistently, we meet the highest requirements for 
quality, timely and efficient transaction banking services supported by our dedicated, on-the-ground, 
Customer Service Team (Greek & English speakers). 
GTS activities in 2022: 
In Trade Finance, on a full year basis, c. 55% of Import transactions were conducted via digital 
platform i-bank Trade Finance. GTS has concluded both the integration and commercialization of the 
LG module into the new i-bank Trade Finance platform (with c. 20% of LGs from Corporate clients 
being executed via this digital channel), as well as the centralization of the Small Business clients’ LG 
book.  
In parallel, we have kicked off the project of Optical Character Recognition (“OCR”)/Intelligent 
Character Recognition (“ICR”) implementation, to further automate Trade Finance transactions’ 
processing and address compliance challenges, with Funds Transfers & Collections transactions 
having gone live in December 2022. LCs & LGs are scheduled to follow in mid-year 2023. 
Finally, GTS implemented the digital signature facility for the signing of Letter of Guarantee 
Application forms and contracts, aiming at further improving the clients’ experience and expediting 
the issuance & execution processes. The roll out of the digital signatures to the remaining Trade 
Finance product portfolio is in progress. 
At the same time, GTS designed specialized and customized solutions, supporting our Greek clients in 
the realization of their business plans, offering access to markets of interest, at the optimal cost 
structures. Our trade desk in Cyprus is staffed by subject matter experts, offering advisory services 
and market intelligence.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
In parallel, the EIB and European Bank of Reconstruction and Development (“EBRD”) Trade 
Facilitation programs, that NBG actively participates as Issuing Bank provide an extra Trade corridor 
for our clients, leveraging on our cooperation with international and supranational organizations.  
In Payments, GTS has upgraded its Payments platform and was the first Bank in Greece to implement 
the European Instant Payments. In addition, GTS has launched Mass payments import files 
functionality, offering a Host to Host streamlined payments processing across corporate banking 
clientele. GTS also upgraded the post payment services in e-banking, improving customers’ 
experience for payments cancellation queries and investigations. 
Custodian Services 
The Bank offers custody services to domestic and foreign institutional clients, as well as to its retail 
customer base, covering the Greek and major international markets. For the coverage of international 
markets the Bank cooperates with top global custody providers and International Securities 
Depositaries, while in the EEA, regional subsidiaries act as sub-custodians in the region. 
Asset Management 
The Group’s domestic fund management business is operated by NBG Asset Management Mutual 
Funds S.A. (“NBG Asset Management”), which is wholly owned by the Group and was the first 
mutual fund management company to be established in Greece. Set up in 1972, NBG Asset 
Management manages private and institutional client funds, made available to customers through the 
Bank’s extensive branch network. The company’s objective is to achieve competitive returns in 
relation to domestic and international competition. 
 
As of 31 December 2022, the total assets under management in mutual funds and discretionary asset 
management amounted to €1.7 billion, with NBG Asset Management maintaining a market share in 
mutual funds in Greece of 8.9% (Source: Hellenic Fund and Asset Management Association – report 
of 31 December 2022). The number of clients serviced by NBG Asset Management are in excess of 
39,000, including 66 institutional investors.  
 
€ million 
2022 
2021 
Mutual funds under management 
963
904
Discretionary funds under management 
740
795
Total funds under management 
1,703 
1,699 
Market share 
8.9% 
8.1% 
The 22 mutual funds of NBG Asset Management, among them four in Luxembourg, cover a wide 
range of investment categories (Equity, Bond, Balanced and Fund of Funds) in Greece and 
international markets. Ιn 2022, NBG Asset Management created a new innovative mutual fund with 
the main characteristics to be the fixed duration, the payment of an annual dividend and the pursuit of 
its capital preservation. Such a wide spectrum of investment products gives great flexibility to 
investors who wish to build their personal investment plan according to their investment profile and 
objectives through mutual fund portfolios with a high degree of diversification. 
In addition to mutual fund management, NBG Asset Management offers the following services for 
institutional and private investors: 
 
Discretionary Portfolio Management Investment Services. 
 
Advisory Services. 
It also offers a range of financial products and services that cover the needs of:

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
Social Security/Pension Funds. 
 
Insurance companies. 
 
Corporates. 
Brokerage 
National Securities S.A. (“NBG Securities”) was established in 1988 and constitutes the brokerage 
arm of the Group. Offering a wide spectrum of integrated and innovative investment services to both 
individual and institutional customers, NBG Securities aims at providing investment services tailored 
to their needs. 
Since the beginning of 2022, NBG Securities strengthened its operations, implementing its strategic 
plan, which includes initiatives to upgrade several internal functions, resulting in improved 
efficiencies and enhanced quality of customer service. In 2022, NBG Securities market share on the 
Athens Stock Exchange was 10.2% versus 10.0% in the previous year.  
Leasing 
The Bank began its leasing activities in 1990 through its subsidiary, Ethniki Leasing S.A. Ethniki 
Leasing S.A. leases land and buildings, machinery, energy parks, transport equipment, furniture and 
appliances, computers and communications equipment.  
Furthermore, in 2022 and for a fourth consecutive year, Ethniki Leasing S.A. remains the champion of 
the new businesses implementation amounting to €233 million.  
More specifically, new business carried out in 2022 by all Greek leasing companies amounted to €617 
million in total (source: Association of Greek Leasing Companies, 2022 statistical data), of which 
37.8% was carried out by Ethniki Leasing S.A. 
Factoring 
The Bank has been active in the provision of factoring services since 1994. In May 2009, Ethniki 
Factors S.A. was established as a wholly owned factoring subsidiary of the Bank, as part of its 
strategic decision to expand its factoring operations in Greece. Ethniki Factors S.A. offers a 
comprehensive range of factoring services to provide customers with integrated financial solutions 
and high quality services tailored to their needs. 
Banking Activities outside of Greece 
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank’s international network comprised 66 branches, which offer 
traditional banking services and financial products and services. The Bank has also two commercial 
banking subsidiaries in North Macedonia and Cyprus. In 2021, the Bank decided to cease its operation 
in the NBG London Branch and NBG Egypt Branch and its banking subsidiary in Malta, which are 
currently under liquidation.  
The Bank’s international operations accounted for €2.6 billion or 3.4% of the Group’s total assets 
excluding non-current assets held for sale as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022. Loans and 
advances to customers were €1.6 billion at 31 December 2022, whereas deposits “Due to customers” 
amounted to €1.8 billion at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Non-Current Assets and Disposal Groups classified as held for sale and discontinued operations  
Non-current assets held for sale at 31 December 2022 comprise of Probank Leasing S.A. (“Project 
Pronto”). Furthermore, it also includes the contemplated loan portfolio disposals relating mainly to 
Projects “Frontier II”, “Solar” and “Pronto”. 
Issuance of debt securities 
On 8 October 2020, the Bank completed the issuance of €500 million Green Fixed Rate Resettable 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes with an annual coupon of 2.75% and a yield of 2.875%. The notes have 
a six-year maturity with first reset date on completion of five years. With this transaction, the Bank 
demonstrated its commitment to supporting the green economy and its strategic direction as the Bank 
for green energy. 
On 15 November 2022, the Bank completed the placement of €500 million senior preferred bonds in 
the international capital markets with a coupon of 7.25% and a yield of 7.50%. The bonds mature in 
five years and are callable in four years.  
On 18 November 2022, the Bank has completed a private placement of €150 million senior preferred 
bonds with a coupon and yield of 6%. The bonds mature in 2.5 years and are callable in 1.5 years. 
On 25 November 2022, the Bank completed the placement of GBP 200 million senior preferred bonds 
in the international capital markets with a coupon and yield of 8.75%. The bonds mature in 4.5 years 
and are callable in 3.5 years.  
See section above “MREL Requirements”. 
Recent Events  
 
Reward program for Performing Mortgage Loan Borrowers 
On 11 April 2023, the Bank announced the launch of the Reward Program for Consistent Mortgage 
Loan Customers by placing a cap on any variable interest rates for the next 12 months, thus protecting 
borrowers against future increases in reference rates. The cost of this initiative is not expected to have 
a significant impact on the Interim Financial Statements.  
 
Strategic Partnership of NBG with Epsilon Net S.A. 
Following its announcement on 16 November 2022 regarding the signing of memoranda of 
understanding (“MoU”) with EPSILON NET S.A. (“EPSILON NET”) and its main shareholder, the 
Bank announced on 4 May 2023 the signing of a binding agreement for the purchase of 7.5% of the 
total share capital of EPSILON NET held by the main shareholder at a price of €7.49/share (the 
“Initial Transaction”), as well as the possibility of acquiring a further 7.5% from the main 
shareholder three years after the completion of the Initial Transaction. The agreement with the main 
shareholder also provides for the execution of a long-term, exclusive partnership agreement between 
EPSILON NET and NBG for the joint design, development, and distribution of products and services 
focusing on strengthening and supporting entrepreneurship in Greece. Among other things, it involves 
the direct interconnection of EPSILON NET's business software systems (ERP, Commercial & 
Accounting Applications) with NBG's systems, utilising NBG’s sophisticated Open Banking platform 
in the area of Embedded Finance. 
On 9 June 2023, the Bank announced the completion of the Initial Transaction and the signing of a 
long-term, exclusive partnership agreement as described above. Please refer to section entitled “-

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
Other transactions” above, for more information about the exclusive partnership agreement between 
EPSILON NET and NBG.Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Legal proceedings 
The Group is a defendant in certain claims and legal actions and proceedings arising in the ordinary 
course of business. These actions and proceedings are generally based on alleged violations of 
consumer protection, banking, employment and other laws. None of these actions and proceedings is 
individually material. The Group establishes provisions for all litigations, for which they believe it is 
probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These 
provisions may change from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. For the 
cases for which a provision has not been recognised, Management is not able to reasonably estimate 
possible losses since the proceedings may last for many years, many of the proceedings are in early 
stages, there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of the final result, there is uncertainty as to the 
outcome of pending appeals and there are significant issues to be resolved. However, in the opinion of 
the Management, after consultation with legal counsel, the final outcome of these matters is not 
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s Statement of Financial Position, Income 
Statement and Cash Flow Statement, taking into account that as at 31 December 2022, the Group has 
provided for cases under litigation in the amount of €30 million (31 December 2021: €65 million).  
Capital Requirements 
In June 2013, the European Parliament and the Council of Europe issued Directive 2013/36/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (known as Capital Requirements Directive IV (“CRD IV Directive”) 
and Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”) respectively), which incorporate the key amendments 
that have been proposed by the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision (known as “Basel III”). 
The CRD IV Directive has been transported into Greek law by virtue of the Greek Banking 
Legislation and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and has been directly applicable to all EU Member 
States since 1 January 2014 and certain changes under CRD IV were implemented gradually. 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as amended by CRR II defines the minimum capital requirements 
(Pillar 1 requirements) and the CRD IV Directive as amended by Directive 2019/878/EU (“CRD V”) 
defines the combined buffer requirements for EU institutions. In addition, the CRD IV Directive 
provides (Art. 97 et seq.) that Competent Authorities regularly carry out the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation process (“SREP”), to assess and measure risks not covered, or not fully covered, under 
Pillar 1 and determine additional capital and liquidity requirements (Pillar 2 requirements). SREP is 
conducted under the lead of the ECB. The SREP decision is tailored to each bank’s individual profile. 
  
The table below sets out the capital requirements for the Group for 2023 and 2022: 
 
  
CET1 Capital Requirements 
Overall Capital Requirements 
  
2023 
2022 post 
capital 
relief 
measures 
2022 
2023 
2022 post 
capital relief 
measures 
2022 
Pillar 1 
4.50% 
4.50% 
4.50% 
8.00% 
8.00% 
8.00% 
Pillar 2 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
Capital Conservation Buffer 
2.50% 
- 
2.50% 
2.50% 
- 
2.50% 
O-SII Buffer 
1.00% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
1.00% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
Total 
9.69% 
6.94% 
9.44% 
14.50% 
11.75% 
14.25% 
 
The capital adequacy ratios for the Group are presented in the table below:

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
Group 
  
31.12.2022* 
31.12.2021* 
  
  
  
Common Equity Tier 1 
16.6% 
16.9% 
Tier 1 
16.6% 
16.9% 
Total  
17.7% 
17.5% 
*including profit for the period. 
The capital adequacy ratios for the Group and the Bank as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 are set out in Note 4.6 to the 31 December 2022 Annual Financial Report (which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). See also “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect 
the ability of the Bank to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issues under the Programme – 
Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets (DTAs) as 
regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and 
financial condition”. 
Internal Control System and Risk Management 
Objectives of the Internal Control System 
Aiming to safeguard the reputation and credibility of the Bank and the Group towards its 
shareholders, customers, investors and the supervisory and other independent authorities, the Board 
of Directors provides for the continuous enhancement, at Group level, of its Internal Control 
System (“ICS”).  
The ICS is designed to ensure effective and efficient operations, adequate identification, 
measurement and mitigation of risks through adequately and efficiently designed and implemented 
controls, prudent conduct of business, sound administrative and accounting procedures, reliability 
of financial and non-financial information reported or disclosed (both internally and externally) and 
compliance with laws, regulations, supervisory requirements and the NBG Group Internal Policies, 
Procedures and Regulations. 
“Internal control” is a process effected by the Board of Directors, the Bank’s senior management, 
Risk Management and other Control Functions, as well as by the staff within the organisation to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of objectives relating to operations, 
reporting and compliance. The Bank uses as a reference the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) 2013 Internal Control Integrated 
Framework and the ICS is based on the five integrated, components of internal control under 
COSO: Control Environment, Risk Assessment, Control Activities, Information and 
Communication as well as Monitoring Activities. The internal control process aims to create the 
necessary fundamentals for the entire Group to contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of 
internal controls through, for instance, clear definitions, assignments of roles and responsibilities 
and methodologies, tools and procedures. 
The ICS aims to achieve, among others, the following key objectives: 
 
consistent implementation of the Group’s business strategy through the efficient use of 
available resources; 
 
pursuit of a risk-based decision making; 
 
identification of the Group’s process universe; 
 
identification and management of all undertaken risks, including operational risks;

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
compliance with the local, European and international legal and regulatory frameworks that 
governs the operations of the Bank and the Group, including internal regulations, IT systems 
and Code of Ethics; 
 
adequate and efficient design of controls as well as their operating effectiveness; 
 
completeness, accuracy and reliability of data and information that are necessary for the 
accurate, timely preparation and true and fair view of the Bank and the Group’s published 
financial information and financial performance; 
 
adoption of international corporate governance best practices; and 
 
prevention and detection and correction of any errors and irregularities that may put at risk 
the reputation and the credibility of the Bank and the Group towards its, shareholders, 
customers, investors and the supervisory and other independent authorities. 
In the context of developing the business strategy and identifying the main business risks, the Board 
of Directors, with the support of its committees, adopts appropriate policies, procedures and 
regulations aiming to ensure an adequate and an effective ICS for the Bank and the Group.  
Management is responsible for: 
 
the effective design and implementation of adequate and efficient controls, as well as their 
operating effectiveness, arising from adequate and efficient procedures, relevant to the range, 
risks and nature of the activities undertaken by the Bank and the Group; 
 
identifying and assessing any ICS’s deficiencies; and 
 
undertaking the necessary corrective actions through the establishment of the appropriate and 
timely action plans.  
Specifically, the ICS and Risk Management related activities are performed on by the First and 
Second Line of Defence. The roles and responsibilities with respect to Risk Management are 
divided into Three Line of Defence, as follows: 
 
First Line of Defence (“1LoD”) includes the Business and Support Functions which are 
responsible for identifying, assessing and managing the risks and compliance obligations they 
undertake by designing and implementing adequate and efficient controls as well as by 
monitoring their operating effectiveness on a continuous basis. 
 
Second Line of Defence (“2LoD”) includes the various Risk and Control Functions that 
monitor the effectiveness of risk management, the compliance obligations and the adequate 
and efficient design of controls as well as their operating effectiveness. 
 
Third Line of Defence (“3LoD”) includes the Group Internal Audit Divisions (“GIADs”) 
which perform periodic assessment, in order to evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
Bank’s and the Group’s governance, risk management and internal control processes, as these 
are designed by the Board and Senior Management. The Group Chief Audit Executive reports 
periodically on the GIADs’ activities to the Bank’s Board of Directors, through the Audit 
Committee regularly and on an ad-hoc basis. 
Roles and responsibilities for the ICS

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 The Board of Directors and the Senior Management aims at the continuous enhancement of the ICS 
in order to mitigate risks through the establishment of adequate and efficient controls and ensure their 
operating effectiveness. The Group Internal Control Coordination Committee (“ICCC”) which 
comprises of the Group Internal Audit and the various Risk and Control Functions assists in the 
continuous enhancement of the ICS.  
Internal Control Coordination Committee 
The ICCC, whose aim is to foster collaboration among the various Risk and Control Functions, has as 
key objectives: 
 
the enhancement of synergies among the Group Internal Audit and the Risk & Control 
Functions across the Three Lines of Defence;  
 
the adoption of a common methodology framework; 
 
the monitoring and reporting of emerging risks;  
 
the monitoring and reporting of the effectiveness of the Internal Control System.  
The ICCC is coordinated by the General Manager of Group Internal Audit and its members are the 
General Manager of Group Risk Management (“Group Chief Risk Officer”), the General Manager 
of Group Compliance and Corporate Governance, the General Manager of Group Legal Services, the 
General Manager - Group Chief Operating Officer, the Assistant General Manager - Group Chief 
Control Officer, the Assistant General Manager of Operations, the Assistant General Manager - 
Group Chief Information Officer, the Group Chief Information Security Officer, the Head of Group 
Operational Risk Division and the Head of Regulatory Affairs and HFSF Relations Division. 
The ICCC convened three times during 2022 and multiple working groups supported its key 
initiatives to deal with the following matters:   
 
enhancements and support to the roles of the Segment Risk and Control Officer (“SRCO”) 
and Unit Risk and Control Officer (“URCO”);   
Board of Directors 
Audit Committee 
Board Risk 
Committee
Executive 
Committee 
Internal 
Control 
Coordination 
Committee 
Group Internal Audit 
Independent periodic 
evaluation 
Risk & Control Functions 
Overseeing, Monitoring 
and Controlling
Core 
Business 
All Business Functions including 
Unit Risk and Control Officers 
Identification of risks & 
obligations and 
implementation of 
processes and controls 
Oversight 
Segment Risks & Control Officer

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
update of the Operational Risk, Internal Control and Compliance Glossary; 
 
design and implementation of the Governance, Risk and Compliance (“GRC”) Platform GRC 
Platform for the Bank and the Group; 
 
finalization of a charter for the cross-functional team with members from all relevant 
functions responsible to coordinate the activities regarding the maintenance and use of the 
common GRC Platform; 
 
review of new or updated policies, methodologies and frameworks of the Risk & Control 
Functions. 
Segment Risk and Control Officer and Unit Risk and Control Officers 
The Senior Management in its effort to further strengthen the ICS established the roles of the SRCO 
and the URCO in January 2020.  
 
the SRCO reports to the respective business line General Manager/Assistant General 
Manager, is independent from the respective Business Units and liaises with 2LoD and 3LoD 
units with main responsibility to coordinate efforts in order to ensure that operational risks are 
appropriately identified and assessed, the internal controls are appropriately designed and 
operate effectively as well as to assist in further enhancing the risk, compliance and control 
awareness and culture; and 
 
the URCOs report to the Head of the Division or Independent Sector to which they belong 
and cooperate on the responsibilities set out above with the respective SRCO of the respective 
business line.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
Common Governance, Risk and Compliance Platform 
As part of the Board and Senior Management’s efforts to further enhance the efficiency and the 
effectiveness in operational risk management, compliance, internal control and internal audit 
activities, the Bank has selected an integrated GRC Platform to be used by the various Risk and 
Control Functions (operational risk management, internal control, compliance, information security, 
model validation, regulatory affairs and HFSF relations and internal audit). Following the common 
GRC Platform implementation, the Bank will be able to further enhance the management of its 
operational risks, increase Board’s and Senior Management’s oversight and use a homogenised 
integrated reporting tool contributing to the holistic view of the ICS of the Bank and the Group. The 
GRC Platform’s implementation is planned to be performed in phases due to its complexity and the 
number of the involved functions. Each phase is supported and closely monitored by a Steering 
Committee combining experts from all the above functions. The Steering Committee has established a 
Project Management Office to ensure the successful implementation. Phase 1, Model Validation 
Module, was successfully implemented in December 2020. Phase 2, Group Operational Risk 
Management Module and Phase 3, Group Internal Audit Module, were successfully implemented in 
March 2022 and August 2022, respectively. Phase 4 that includes the design and implementation of 
the module that will be commonly used by the Group Compliance, the Group Internal Control 
Function and the Group Information Security is expected to be implemented by the fourth quarter of 
2023..  
Group Internal Control Function 
The Group ICF is mainly responsible for: 
Business Fuctions 
incl. URCO 
Audit 
Committee  
/ Board Risk 
Committee
Board of 
Directors 
CEO 
ICCC 
2LoD & DLoD 
Fuctions 
GM/ 
AGM 
SRCO

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
contributing to the establishment and enhancement of a robust control culture and promoting 
control awareness within the Bank and the Group; 
 
developing and regularly reviewing and updating, if required, the NBG Group methodology 
for the control identification and assessment by the group internal control function (“NBG 
Group IC Methodology”) based on the mutually agreed by the members of the Internal 
Control Coordination Committee (“ICCC”), “Common Principles of Operational Risk and 
Control Assessment” for the Bank and the Group regarding roles, responsibilities, policies, 
procedures, flows of information and systems required for the appropriate design and the 
operating effectiveness of controls; 
 
ongoing monitoring of the adequate and efficient design of controls their operating 
effectiveness, as well as the monitoring of the progress of the pending action plans for the 
remediation of control deficiencies identified to ensure their timely and appropriate execution; 
 
providing training and support to the Bank’s Units and the Segment Risk and Control Officers 
& Teams/Unit Risk and Control Officers & Teams in the application of the approved NBG 
Group ICF Methodology as well as providing specialised knowledge with respect to the 
controls; and 
 
collaborating with the Group Companies and supporting their work, in the application of the 
NBG Group IC Methodology. 
The Group Internal Control Function consists of: 
 
Group Internal Control Retail Banking, Branch Network and Back Office Operations Sector; 
 
Group Internal Control Corporate Banking, Finance and Back Office Operations Sector; 
 
Group Internal Control IT Sector; and 
 
 Group Internal Control Quality Assurance & Project Management Sector. 
During 2022, the Group Internal Control Function achieved the following:  
 
Successful execution of the Group ICF Annual Activity Plan 2022 in the context of which it: 
- 
facilitated the documentation and design of adequate and efficient controls for very 
high and high priority processes as identified by the General Managers / Assistant 
General Managers as well as the assessment of the design effectiveness in close 
collaboration with the SRCOs. 
- 
monitored the progress of open Remediation Action Plans relating to control 
deficiencies identified. 
- 
reviewed and provided comments on matters relating to internal controls on more 
than 70 Bank’s institutional documents (Policies, Procedures, Circulars, etc.);; 
- 
participated in workshops of critical projects in order to provide consultation on 
matters relating to internal controls. 
 
Roll out various training and forum initiatives to enhance the control awareness and 
collaboration with SRCOs. 
 
Approval of the revised NBG Group IC Methodology. 
For 2023-2024 the NBG Group Internal Control Function’s Activity Plan will focus on the following:

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
Facilitation of the documentation of adequate and efficient controls and assessment of design 
effectiveness based on the NBG Group IC Methodology in close collaboration with the 
SRCOs.  
 
Implementation of the shared module in the GRC Platform to be commonly utilised by the 
Group Compliance, the Group Internal Control Function and the Group Information Security.  
 
Continue to provide consulting and advisory services on matters relating to internal controls; 
 
Roll out of various training initiatives to further enhance the control awareness. 
Management of risks relating to the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting process 
The Audit Committee, in accordance with the Greek law 4449/2017, Article 44 para. 3b, is 
responsible for the oversight of the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting (“ICFR”) and reports 
any improvements to ensure its integrity to the Board. Furthermore, the Audit Committee monitors 
the progress of the corrective actions undertaken in the context of ICS including ICFR.  
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Bank and Group financial 
statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and for such 
Internal Controls over Financial Reporting (“ICFR”) as Management determines are necessary to 
enable the preparation of these financial statements to be free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
Roles and responsibilities are clearly defined in the NBG Operating Model, where the identification of 
Financial Reporting risks along with the implementation of processes and controls to mitigate these 
risks lie with the Business Functions and Support Functions while the Risk & Control Functions 
oversee, monitor and control the Financial Reporting risks and the Internal Controls over Financial 
Reporting process. 
Group Internal Audit 
The Internal Audit Function is an independent NBG Group wide function, which assists the Group to 
achieve its strategic objectives, as well as enhance and protect the organization’s value, by providing 
risk-based and objective assurance, advice and insight. In fulfilling its third line role, Group Internal 
Audit provides the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee with independent assurance regarding 
ICS 
Overseeing, 
Monitoring & 
Controlling 
Identification of 
Financial Reporting
risks and 
implementation of 
processes and 
controls 
Risk & 
Control 
Functions 
Business 
Functions 
& Support 
Functions 
Group 
Internal 
Audit 
Functions

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
the quality, adequacy and effectiveness of corporate governance, risk management and internal 
control frameworks and processes. The Group Chief Audit Executive (“CAE”) reports, functionally, 
to the Audit Committee and, administratively, to the CEO and has unrestricted access to: 
a) 
all systems, files, data, physical assets, organizational units of the Bank and companies of the 
Group, officers and personnel of the Bank and the Group and  
b)  
all policies, procedures, systems, files, data and personnel of third parties (outsourcers), in the 
context of an outsourcing contract with the Bank or a company of the Group. 
In addition, the CAE has direct and unrestricted access to the Bank's Audit Committee and may attend 
the meetings of the Audit Committees of the Group companies. 
The CAE or senior executives of Group Internal Audit, authorized by him, may attend as observers 
the meetings of the Committees of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and other Bodies 
of the Bank or its subsidiaries, either upon a relevant invitation from the Chairman of the Body or 
upon a CAE’s request submission to the Chairman of the Body, when deemed necessary, in the 
context of the function of the Internal Audit. 
Group Internal Audit, through a risk-based approach, covers all entities and activities of NBG Group. 
It evaluates the risk exposures relating to, among others, the: 
• 
achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives, 
• 
compliance with applicable regulatory framework and supervisory requirements, 
• 
adherence to policies, procedures and contracts, 
• 
reliability of financial and operating information,  
• 
implementation of information systems and projects,  
• 
conduct of operational activities, and 
• 
safeguarding of assets. 
Executive management is responsible for ensuring that issues identified by Group Internal Audit are 
addressed within an appropriate and agreed timeframe.  
Group Internal Audit uses: 
 
an audit methodology, which is in compliance with the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO 2013”) principles and the International 
Internal Auditing Standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors (“IIA”); 
 
an information systems audit methodology that is based on the Control Objectives for 
Information and Related Technologies (“COBIT”) framework of the Information Systems 
Audit and Control Association (“ISACA”);  
 
a web-based software platform, which allows for the effective management and 
documentation of the audit activities and provides: (i) real time monitoring of the audit 
function activities across all subsidiaries, (ii) information and knowledge sharing among the 
Group’s internal auditors and (iii) standardisation of the audit methodology. Moreover, audit 
efficiency and effectiveness are ensured through established key performance indicators and 
internal quality assessments;

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
an artificial intelligence-based software that provides near real time risk assessment in 
selected areas and automated testing of selected automated controls. The same software is 
used for the detection and prevention of internal fraud. 
As of 31 December 2022, Group Internal Audit of the Bank employed 74 internal auditors with in-
depth knowledge and experience in banking and audit, independent to the audited activities and with 
no involvement in the design, selection, implementation or operation of the Group’s internal controls. 
Internal auditors continuously adapt to the use of new technology and advance their skills and 
knowledge through training and international professional certifications.  
 
Each year, Group Internal Audit, based on a multi-factor risk assessment process, prepares an 
annual audit plan, at Group level, ensuring synergies and adequate audit coverage of the 
business areas. Group Internal Audit, as part of its 2022 Audit Plan, covered risks related to, 
among others, NPE management strategy implementation, ICAAP & ILAAP processes and 
internal risk models, impairment of financial assets, Early Warning System, Retail and 
Corporate Lending, Resolution Plan, Debit-Credit Cards, AML/CFT system (“FCCM”), 
outsourcing / third parties, Recovery Plan, Global Transaction Services, Treasury and 
Investment operations, IT System Development Life Cycle (“SDLC”) and change 
management, cloud implementations, climate risk stress test, compliance with PSD II and 
other regulations / internal policies. Group Internal Audit also performed branch network and 
subsidiaries’ audits, follow up of open audit issues, anti-fraud and continuous auditing as well 
as several consulting engagements. For 2023, the Audit Plan will focus, among others, on the 
following areas:  
 
NPE Management Strategy Implementation & Early Warning System 
 
Risk Appetite Framework 
Capital and Liquidity Adequacy 
 
Retail and Corporate Banking 
 
Trade Finance Services 
 
Compliance & AML / CFT 
 
Outsourcing / Third Party Management (including ESG aspects) 
 
Taxation 
 
Treasury 
 
Legal Services 
 
Network and Telecommunications 
 
Digital Business and e-Banking 
 
Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) 
 
IT Governance 
 
Cybersecurity

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
Anti-fraud and continuous auditing 
 
Follow up of the open audit issues including issues identified by the Joint Supervisory Team 
(“JST”). The use of data analysis technology is an on-going strategic objective for Group Internal 
Audit. During 2022, Group Internal Audit further enhanced its Continuous Auditing and Fraud 
Detection software capabilities, by developing additional scenarios, for both fraud and continuous 
auditing purposes, across various product and business areas.  
In August 2022, Group Internal Audit migrated its audit work to a new more advanced Governance, 
Risk and Compliance (“GRC”) platform.  
In 2022, Group Internal Control Coordination Committee continued its mandate to improve the 
alignment and cooperation between Internal Audit, Risk Management, Compliance and 1st line 
control functions. 
As required by the IIA standards, an external quality assessment was performed, within 2022, on the 
operation and activities of the Group Internal Audit Function. The conclusion of the quality 
assessment was that Group Internal Audit “Generally Conforms” (highest possible IIA rating) to the 
International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing and was benchmarked, 
among peer Banking Internal Audit Functions in Europe, as exceeding the advanced level, with a 
score of 4.48/5, where 5 indicates the leading level. 
This is the second consecutive assessment with high IIA Standards and Benchmarking scores for the 
Group Internal Audit Function since the previous assessment (2018) concluded with similar results. 
 
Risk Management Governance Framework 
For further information, please refer to the section Risk Management” below. 
Regulatory Compliance and Corporate Governance 
Within the context of appropriately incorporating the applicable Greek and EU legal and regulatory 
framework and best practices into the Group’s operation, Group Compliance and Corporate 
Governance Functions, oversee all compliance matters, in line with the applicable Greek and EU 
regulatory framework and supervisory authorities’ decisions, as well as all Corporate Governance and 
Shareholder activities. In particular, the Group Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions 
include distinct Divisions, having competence over Corporate Governance, Corporate Social 
Responsibility, Regulatory Compliance, AML/CFT. It is noted that, the Group Compliance and 
Governance Functions have been re-organized, focusing on enhanced compliance monitoring 
initiatives and ESGs.  
The Group Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions continuously monitor developments in 
the applicable framework and best practices, each in their field of responsibility, and provide 
guidelines and support to the Bank Units and the Group Entities, while they monitor implementation 
of the applicable provisions.  
In that context, Group Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions in 2022, continued to focus 
on the establishment of an adequate and effective compliance environment, in order to safeguard the 
reputation and credibility of the Bank and the Group against all stakeholders, including shareholders, 
customers, Supervisory and other Authorities,

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Moreover, the Group Compliance and Governance Functions, throughout 2022, in the context of their 
traditional role as key advisors and partners to the business continued to play a vital role providing 
ongoing support and guidance, to the Bank's governance bodies, the management and the Bank’s 
Units. In order to comply with the regulatory framework in force, the Bank has set up policies and 
procedures. The monitored areas include among others Corporate Governance, AML/CFT, Tax and 
other Public Authorities requests, Consumer Protection, Banking secrecy, Personal Data Protection 
etc.  
Given the particular emphasis which the Group places in ensuring constant enhancement of corporate 
governance arrangements and practices applied, during 2022, the Group Corporate Governance 
Division has continued to monitor, on an ongoing basis, all regulatory developments and best 
practices, and proceeded with incorporating these in the corporate governance policies, arrangements 
and practices (for further details see section A. “Corporate Governance Code  and section B. NBG’s 
Corporate Governance Key Policies and Practices” of the Board of Directors Report in the Annual 
Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 (as is incorporated by reference herein)), 
providing continuous support to the Board of Directors and Board Committees. in a number of 
initiatives such as in the reform of the Board Working Model, the review of Board Committee 
compositions, while it has also catered for the effective adjustment of the Bank's Internal Governance 
Framework to the new legal and regulatory framework provisions (e.g., revised ECB Guide to Fit and 
Proper assessments, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act 205/1/18.05.2022, Greek law 
4941/2022 amending Greek law 3864/2010). Moreover, in the context of further enhancement of the 
Directors’ Induction and ongoing training and development, Group Corporate Governance Function, 
updated the introductory informative program for the new Board member, covering, among others, 
issues concerning the Bank’s Corporate Governance and organizational arrangements.   
The Group Corporate Governance Division also proceeded with informing the Board Corporate 
Governance and Nominations Committee on developments in the legal and regulatory framework and 
latest trends and practices in corporate governance, while it also briefed the competent Board 
Committee on related parties’ transactions.  
Additionally, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions also provided support, advice and 
guidance to the Bank’s Units in the context of ensuring the alignment and compliance of the Bank to 
the new regulatory framework and proceeded to actions regarding changes in policies and, 
procedures, and compliance with EU and national legislation. Furthermore, the Compliance and the 
Corporate Governance Functions continued to support the Bank's transition to a new era and its 
further development in line with evolution of the banking sector, new trends and customer habits, in 
ensuring that the appropriate compliance control mechanisms are in place to protect the Bank and 
safeguard its operation in adherence to high standards of conduct and compliance, whilst at the same 
time protecting at all times the interests of stakeholders and contributing to the Bank's effective 
correspondence to stakeholder needs and priority areas. Within this context, the Compliance and the 
Corporate Governance Functions continued to help all business lines embed compliance vision, 
strategy, and principles into the Bank's culture and day-to-day operation and activities by 
strengthening their accountability as risk owners and grasping good compliance as a business enabler. 
Finally, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions continued to systematically follow and 
monitor developments and compliance in accordance with the applicable framework, handled, 
participated and contributed to the successful implementation in a number of major projects of the 
Bank, such as projects regarding the digitalization/automation of Bank's operations and the provision 
of products and services, provided continuous support and advice to the competent Units regarding 
customers' service, and personnel remote working to ensure and maintain Business Continuity, while 
in parallel also being involved in the submission of a series of regular and ad hoc reports to 
supervisory Authorities and constituting the point of contact and liaison between the Authorities and 
the Bank.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management Governance 
Risk management and control play a fundamental role in the overall strategy of the Group, aiming to 
both effectively manage the risks of the organisation and to align with the legal and regulatory 
requirements. The Group aims at adopting best practices regarding risk governance, taking into 
account all relevant guidelines and regulatory requirements, as set by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (“BCBS”), the European Banking Authority (“EBA”), the European Central 
Bank (“ECB”) / Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”), the Bank of Greece (“BoG”) and the 
Hellenic Capital Market Commission (“HCMC”) legislation, as well as any decisions of the 
competent authorities supervising the Group’s entities. 
Group risk management at NBG has a structured and tiered approach, based on a number of 
governance bodies, internal policies and procedures, and controls framework.  
The Board of Directors bears ultimate accountability for NBG’s risk position. It signs off on the risk 
strategy and risk appetite, and monitors the effectiveness of risk governance and management advised 
by its two specialised committees: the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) and the Board Audit 
Committee (“BAC”). The Bank’s Senior Executive Committee (“ExCo”) and other committees, 
supporting the Senior Executive Committee, are in charge of daily management actions and steer of 
the business. The Group Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) is a member of the Senior Executive 
Committee. The CRO has direct access to the Board of Directors, has delegated decision-authority for 
executive matters over risk and leads the Group Risk Management Function.  
The Group Risk Management Function has specialised teams per risk type. The Group Risk 
Management Function’s teams conduct day-to-day risk management activities according to policies 
and procedures as approved by the BRC, the Senior Executive Committee and other executive 
committees. The perimeter is based on the industry standard “Three Lines of Defence” model (please 
seebelow). The Group Risk Management Function’s activities are supported by underlying systems 
and infrastructure. Finally, Risk culture is viewed as a core component of effective risk management, 
with the tone and example set by the Board of Directors and the Senior Management. Objective of the 
Bank is to establish a consistent risk culture across all Units.  
Hence, there are four layers relevant to Risk Management, all rolling up to the Board of Directors: 
 
Oversight and approval 
At the top of the house, the members of the Board are responsible for oversight and approval 
on governance structures of NBG, ensuring the right frameworks and policies are in place to 
ensure the Bank can be effectively managed.  
 
Executive management actions & sign-off 
The executive management layer (ExCo and other executive committees) decides on 
management actions, signs off on materials produced and reported, and actively steers the 
Bank. 
 
Methodology and framework 
Procedures and methodologies are in place to guide risk management, e.g. credit approval 
procedures, model development and validation, product assessments.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
Execution and analysis 
The execution layer is in charge of implementing the frameworks, models and policies set 
forth by the aforementioned layers, and provide the Board and the executive committees with 
relevant analyses and results to base their decisions upon. 
“Three Lines of Defence” Model in the Group’s Risk Management 
The Group’s risk management is spread on three different levels, in order to create three Lines of 
Defence, as follows: 
 
First line: The risk taking units (e.g. credit originating departments, Treasury) are responsible 
for assessing and minimising risks for a given level of expected return by establishing and 
implementing internal rules and controls to the on-going business.  
 
Second line: The Group Risk Management Function oversees, monitors, controls and 
quantifies risks; provides appropriate tools and methodologies, coordination and assistance to 
lines of business; provides input towards the measurement of risk adjusted performance 
across business line; participates in the credit approval process for the Group’s corporate 
banking, retail banking and subsidiaries portfolios; performs independent assessment of credit 
risk undertaking in respect of each portfolio and has the right of veto; proposes appropriate 
risk mitigation measures, supported by local Risk Management (for subsidiaries) and 
specialised units (for the Bank).  
ᴼ 
Additionally, under the Second line, the Group Compliance Function ensures that all 
frontline units meet regulatory and other compliance requirements, through 
monitoring, advising and training.  
ᴼ 
Moreover, the Group Risk Management Function cooperates with the Organization 
&Planning Division, the Group Internal Control Function, the Group CyberSecurity 
Division, the Group Security Division and the Legal Division. These Divisions 
provide support, advice, appropriate tools and methodologies, acting as control units 
for specific Operational Risk Themes (e.g. legal risk, Information & Communication 
Technology (“ICT”) risk) as well as ensuring the Bank’s business continuity and 
mitigation of physical threats. 
 
Third line: The Internal Audit function of the Group, which reports directly to the Board of 
Directors through the Audit Committee, complements the risk management framework, acting 
as an independent reviewer, focusing on the effectiveness of the risk management framework 
and control environment. 
The duties and responsibilities of all lines of defence are clearly identified and separated, and the 
relevant Units are sufficiently independent.  
Group Risk Management 
The Bank acknowledges the need for efficient risk management and has established five specialised 
Divisions and one Unit: the Group Credit Risk Control Division (“GCRCD”), the Group Financial 
and Liquidity Risk Management Division (“GFLRMD”), the Group Operational Risk Management 
Division (“GORMD”) the Group Strategic Risk Management Division (“GSRM”), the Group Risk 
Culture and Risk PMO Division (“GRCRPMOD”) and the Model Validation Unit (“MVU”), to 
properly identify, measure, analyse, manage and report the risks entailed in all its business activities. 
All risk management units of the Group subsidiaries adequately report to the aforementioned 
Divisions / Unit.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
In addition, the two Credit Divisions, which are independent of the credit granting units, are involved 
in the credit approval process for the Group’s corporate banking, retail banking and subsidiaries 
portfolios. They perform an independent assessment of the credit risk undertaking in respect of each 
portfolio and have the right of veto.  
Risk Culture Program 
Risk Culture is defined as an institution’s norms, attitudes and behaviours related to risk awareness, 
risk taking and risk management, and the controls that shape decisions on risk. Risk Culture 
influences the decisions of management and employees during the day-to-day activities and has an 
impact on the risks they assume.  
The objective of NBG is to establish a sound and consistent Risk Culture across all units that is 
appropriate for the scale, complexity, and nature of the Bank’s business, in line with 
regulatory/supervisory requirements and in accordance with best business practices, based on solid 
values which are articulated by the Bank’s Board of Directors and Group’s Senior Management.  
The Group Risk Management Function, as part of the Risk Culture Programme, established the Risk 
Culture Framework (“RCF”), with the objective to define and document the principles, processes and 
methodologies that pertain to the identification, measurement, monitoring and reporting of Risk 
Culture in NBG. The RCF is a key element for the establishment of a sound Risk Culture within the 
Group. It constitutes an essential tool for the Board of Directors and Senior Management to ensure 
that the Risk Culture is monitored and measured consistently over time and risk awareness 
enhancement actions are taken when necessary, while at the same time meets the supervisory 
authorities’ expectations on efficient risk governance, based on common perception of risk culture-
related issues. 
NBG has in place an effective RCF that: 
 
is aligned with the core Human Resources values; 
 
is formed by both top-down Board and Senior Management guidance and leadership, and 
bottom-up involvement of management and other stakeholders, and is understood and applied 
across all levels of the Bank; 
 
incorporates Risk Culture Principles that are easy to communicate and assimilate; 
 
describes the process for the definition and implementation of personnel’s risk awareness and 
corresponding behaviours’ enhancement initiatives;  
 
incorporates a forward-looking view of the Group’s Risk Culture profile expectations through 
setting the corresponding Risk Culture Principles;  
 
establishes the governance arrangements for its update and monitoring. 
 
Management of Specific Risks 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to honour its contractual 
obligations. It arises in lending activities as well as in various other activities where the Group is 
exposed to the risk of counterparty default, such as its trading, capital markets and settlement 
activities. Credit risk is the largest single risk the Group faces. The credit risk processes are conducted

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
separately by the Bank and each of its subsidiaries. The credit risk procedures established by the 
subsidiaries are coordinated by the GCRCD. 
The Group’s credit granting processes include credit-granting criteria based on the particular target 
market, the borrower or counterparty, as well as the purpose and structure of the credit and its source 
of repayment; credit limits that aggregate in comparable and meaningful manner different types of 
exposures at various levels; clearly established procedures for approving new credits as well as the 
amendment, renewal and re-financing of existing credits.  
The Group maintains on-going credit administration, measurement and monitoring processes, 
including in particular documented credit risk policies, internal risk rating systems, information 
systems and analytical techniques that enable measurement of credit risk inherent in all relevant 
activities.  
The Group’s controls implemented for the above processes include proper management of the credit-
granting functions; periodical and timely remedial actions on deteriorating credits; independent 
periodic audit of the credit risk management processes by Group Internal Audit Function, covering in 
particular the credit risk systems/models employed by the Group.  
Additionally, the GCRCD measures and monitors credit risk on an on-going basis through 
documented credit risk policies, internal rating systems, as well as information systems and analytical 
techniques that enable measurement of credit risk inherent in all relevant activities. Thus, the Group 
achieves active credit risk management through the application of appropriate limits for exposures to 
a particular single  or group of obligors; the use of credit risk mitigation techniques; the estimation of 
risk adjusted pricing for most products and services; and a formalised validation process, 
encompassing all risk rating models, conducted by the Bank’s independent MVU. 
The Credit Policies for the Corporate and the Retail Banking portfolios of the Bank and its 
subsidiaries set the minimum credit criteria, present the fundamental policies, procedures and 
guidelines for the identification, measurement, approval, monitoring and managing of credit risk 
undertaken in Corporate and Retail Banking Portfolios respectively, both at the Bank and Group 
levels. 
The Credit Policy of the Bank is approved by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of the 
Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) following proposal by the Group CRO to the Senior Executive 
Committee and the BRC and is reviewed on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary 
and in any case every two years. 
Credit Policies of each subsidiary are approved by the competent local boards or committees, 
following a recommendation by the responsible officers or subsidiaries’ bodies, according to the 
decisions of the Bank and the provisions of the Credit Policies. Each proposal must bear the prior 
consent of the Group Chief Credit Officer (“CCO”), or the Head of NBG’s Group Retail Credit 
Division, depending on the portfolio, in collaboration with the Head of NBG’s Group Credit Risk 
Control Division for issues falling under their responsibility. The subsidiaries’ Credit Policies are 
reviewed on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary and in any case every two years.  
Through the application of the Retail Banking Credit Policy, the evaluation and estimation of credit 
risk, for new as well as for existing products, are effectively facilitated. NBG’s Senior Management is 
regularly informed on all aspects regarding the Credit Policy. Remedial action plans are set to resolve 
the issues, whenever necessary, within the risk appetite and strategic orientation of the Bank. The 
Bank’s Retail Banking Credit Policy is approved and can be amended or revised by the Board of 
Directors following recommendation from the BRC and is subject to periodic revision. Retail Banking 
Credit Policy is reviewed on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary and in any case 
every two years. All approved policy changes are incorporated in the Policy Manual.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Concentration Risk 
The Bank manages the extension of credit, controls its exposure to credit risk and ensures its 
regulatory compliance based on an internal limits system. The GCRCD is responsible for limits 
setting, limits monitoring and regulatory compliance. 
The fundamental instruments for controlling Corporate Portfolio concentration are obligor limits 
reflecting the maximum permitted level of exposure for a specific obligor, given its risk rating and 
sector limits that set the maximum allowed level of exposure for any specific industry of the 
economy; industries are classified in groups on the basis of NACE (General Industrial Classification 
of Economic Activities within the European Communities) codes.  Sector limits constitute part of the 
Bank’s Risk Appetite Framework and are revised at least annually. Excesses of the Industry 
Concentration Limits should be approved by the Board Risk Committee following a proposal of the 
General Manager of Group Risk Management (“Chief Risk Officer”). Any risk exposure in excess of 
the authorized internal obligor limits must be approved by a higher level Credit Approving Body, 
based on the Credit Approval Authorities as presented in the Corporate Credit Policy.  
Credit risk concentration arising from a large exposure to a counterparty or group of connected clients 
whose probability of default depends on common risk factors is monitored, through the Large 
Exposures and Large Debtors reporting framework. 
Finally, within the ICAAP, the Bank has adopted a methodology to measure the risk arising from 
concentration to economic sectors (sectoral concentration) and to individual companies (name 
concentration). Additional capital requirements are calculated, if necessary, and Pillar 1 capital 
adequacy is adjusted to ultimately take into account such concentration risks.  
Market Risk 
Market Risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse movements 
in interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, as well as, their levels of volatility. 
The main contributor to market risk, in the Group is the Bank. NBG seeks to identify, estimate, 
monitor and effectively manage market risk through a robust framework of principles, measurement 
processes and a valid set of limits that apply to all the Bank’s transactions. The most significant types 
of market risk are the following: interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign exchange risk and commodity 
risk. 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk related to the potential loss on the Group’s portfolio due to adverse 
movements in interest rates. A principal source of interest rate risk exposure stems from the interest 
rate, over-the-counter (“OTC”) and exchange traded, derivative transactions as well as from the 
trading and the held to collect and sell (“HTCS”) bond portfolios. 
The most significant contributor to market risk in the Group is the Bank. More specifically, NBG 
maintains a material derivatives portfolio of mainly vanilla interest rate (IR) products, which are 
mostly cleared in CCPs or managed through bilateral ISDA/CSA agreements. Their primary function 
is to hedge banking book securities or exposure of other derivative products in the trading book. 
Additionally, the Bank retains a significant securities portfolio, mainly comprising of Greek and other 
periphery sovereign bonds, which is primarily held in the Baking Book and predominantly in the hold 
to collect (“HTC”) portfolio. Furthermore, NBG holds a moderate portfolio of bonds issued by Greek 
and international banks and limited positions in Greek corporate bonds. 
Equity Risk

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Equity risk is the risk arising form fluctuations of equity prices or equity indices and/or their implied 
volatility. The Bank holds moderate positions in cash stocks traded in the Athens Stock Exchange and 
a limited position in equity-index linked exchange traded derivatives. The cash portfolio comprises of 
trading (i.e. short-term) and held to collect and sell (i.e. long-term) positions. The portfolio of equity 
derivatives is mainly used for the hedging of equity risk arising from the Group’s cash position and 
equity-linked products offered to customers and to a lesser extent for proprietary trading. 
Additionally, the Bank retains positions in mutual funds, through the embedded options in structured 
deposits sold to clients, along with their cash hedge. 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk arising from fluctuations of currency exchange rates and/or implied 
volatility. The Open Currency Position (“OCP”) of the Bank primarily arises from foreign exchange 
spot and forward transactions, as well as from the mark-to-market of NBG’s OTC derivatives’ trades 
denominated in foreign currency. The OCP is distinguished between trading and structural. The 
structural OCP contains all of the Bank’s assets and liabilities in foreign currency (for example loans, 
deposits, etc.), along with the foreign exchange transactions performed by the Treasury Division. 
Apart from the Bank, the foreign exchange risk undertaken by the rest of the Group’s subsidiaries is 
insignificant. 
The Group trades in all major currencies, holding mainly short term positions for trading purposes and 
for servicing its institutional/corporate, domestic and international customers.  
Commodity Risk 
Commodity Risk is the risk arising from fluctuations of commodity prices or commodity indices 
and/or their implied volatility. The Bank’s exposure to commodity risk is limited, since the clients’ 
positions in commodity derivatives are mostly hedged with exchange traded commodity futures. 
Market risk on trading and held to collect and sell —Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) 
The Bank uses market risk models and specific processes to assess and quantify the portfolio’s market 
risk, based on best practice and industry-wide accepted risk metrics. More specifically, the Bank 
estimates the market risk of its Trading and HTCS portfolios using the VaR methodology. This has 
been implemented in the Bank’s risk platform which is RiskWatch by Algorithmics (currently 
SS&C). In particular, the Bank has adopted the variance-covariance (“VCV”) methodology, with a 
99% confidence interval and a 1-day holding period. The VaR is calculated on a daily basis for the 
Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios, along with the VaR per risk type (interest rate, equity, foreign 
exchange and commodity risk). The VaR estimates are used internally as a risk management tool, as 
well as for regulatory purposes. The GFLRMD calculates the VaR of the Bank’s trading and HTCS 
portfolios, for internal use, on a daily basis, using the latest 75 exponentially weighted daily 
observations to construct the VCV matrices. For regulatory purposes, the calculations apply only on 
the trading portfolio and the VCV matrices are based on 252, equally weighted, daily observations. 
The risk factors relevant to the financial products in the Bank’s portfolio are interest rates, equity 
indices, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. Additionally, the GFLRMD calculates the 
stressed VaR (“sVaR”) of the Bank’s trading portfolio, which is defined as the VaR, where model 
inputs are calibrated to historical data from a continuous 1-year period of significant financial stress, 
relevant to the Bank’s portfolio. The relevant VCV matrices are identified over a period, starting in 
January 2008. Similarly to VaR, the Bank calculates sVaR on a daily basis, using a 1-day holding 
period and 99% confidence level. Finally, the GFLRMD calculates the VaR of the Bank’s portfolios 
by applying the historical simulation approach, for comparative purposes. 
The Bank has also established a framework of VaR limits in order to control and manage the risks to 
which it is exposed in a more efficient way. These limits are based on the Bank’s Risk Appetite, as 
outlined in the Bank’s Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”), the anticipated profitability of the

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
Treasury, as well as on the level of the Bank’s own funds, in the context of the Group strategy. The 
VaR limits refer not only to specific types of market risk, such as interest rate, foreign exchange, 
equity and commodity but also to the overall market risk of the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios 
taking into account the respective diversification between portfolios. Moreover, the same set of limits 
are used to monitor and manage risk levels on the regulatory trading book, on an overall basis and per 
risk type, since this is the aggregation level relevant for the calculation of the own funds requirements 
for market risk, under the Internal Model Approach (pursuant to Title IV, Chapter 5 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation). 
The operation of the market risk management unit as a whole, including the VaR calculation 
framework, have been thoroughly reviewed and approved by the Bank of Greece, as well as by 
external advisors. Also, the Internal Audit assesses the effectiveness of the relevant internal controls 
on a regular basis. Moreover, the adequacy of the market risk management framework as well as the 
appropriateness of the VaR model used for the calculation of the Bank’s capital requirements, were 
successfully reassessed in the context of the Market Risk TRIM performed by the ECB. The 
successful completion of the TRIM assured the use of the Bank’s internal model for the calculation of 
own funds requirements for market risk. 
The VaR of the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios Is mostly hedged for interest rate risk, but it is 
exposed to credit-spread risk, through the positions in Greek and other EU periphery sovereign bonds, 
held in the HTCS portfolio. During the last quarter of 2022, the EU periphery sovereign credit spreads 
decreased. However, the respective sovereign curves exhibited significant gyrations, thus leading to 
the increase of the respective volatilities and to higher VaR estimates, albeit below the approved VaR 
limits. 
Back-testing 
The Bank performs back-testing on a daily basis, in order to verify the predictive power of the VaR 
model. In accordance with the guidelines set out in the CRR, the calculations only refer to the Bank’s 
trading portfolio and involve the comparison of the hypothetical and actual daily gains/losses of the 
portfolio with the respective estimates of the VaR model used for regulatory purposes. The 
hypothetical gains/losses is the change in the value of the portfolio between days t and t+1, assuming 
that the portfolio remains the same between the two days. In the same context, the actual gains/losses 
is the change in the value of the portfolio between days t and t+1, including all the transactions that 
took place in day t+1, excluding fees, commissions and net interest income. 
Any excess of the hypothetical/actual losses over the VaR estimate is reported to the regulatory 
authorities. Moreover, the Board is informed about the total number of excesses, on a monthly basis.   
The Bank’s trading book is primarily exposed to interest rate risk in the Eurozone, with the key risk 
factors being the EUR swap rates and the respective sovereign yields (mainly the German). During 
2022, the widening of the swap-spread and the non-parallel movement of the EUR IRS rates and the 
respective sovereign yields, combined with the unweighted scheme of the VaR model, caused 
successive over-shootings in the back-testing process. 
Stress Testing 
The VaR model is based on certain theoretical assumptions, which do not fully capture the potential 
bigger movements known as “tail events” in the markets. 
To enhance the predictability of the Bank’s VaR model and minimise the effect of the aforementioned 
limitations, the Bank performs stress testing on a weekly basis. The aim of stress testing is to evaluate 
the gains or losses that may occur under extreme market conditions and applies on both trading and 
held to collect and sell portfolios.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
Counterparty Credit Risk 
Counterparty Credit Risk (CCR) arises from the potential failure of the obligor to meet its contractual 
obligations and stems from derivative and other interbank secured and unsecured funding 
transactions, as well as commercial transactions. 
Complementary to the risk of the counterparty defaulting, CCR also includes the risk of loss due to 
the deterioration in the creditworthiness of the counterparty to a derivative transaction. 
NBG’s CCR predominantly stems from Over the Counter (OTC) and Exchange Traded (Listed) 
derivative products and, to a lesser extent, from interbank secured and unsecured funding transactions, 
as well as commercial transactions to which the Bank has limited CCR exposure. 
The Group has established and maintains adequate measurement, monitoring, and control functions 
for counterparty credit risk. Moreover, NBG seeks to further mitigate CCR by standardizing the terms 
of the agreements with counterparties through ISDA and Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
(“GMRA”) contracts that encompass all necessary netting and margining clauses. CSAs have also 
been signed with almost all active FIs, so that net current exposures are managed through margin 
accounts, on a daily basis, by exchanging mainly cash or debt securities as collateral. Also, NBG 
performs OTC transactions with CCPs, either directly or through qualified clearing brokers.  
Finally, NBG avoids taking positions on derivative contracts where the values of the underlying assets 
are highly correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty (wrong way risk). 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (“IRRBB”) is the current or prospective risk to earnings and 
capital due to adverse movements in interest rates affecting the banking book positions. Exposure to 
interest rate risk in the banking book arises from re-pricing mismatches between assets and liabilities. 
The Group’s banking book consists mainly of loans and advances to customers, cash and balances 
with central banks, due from banks, securities measured at amortised cost and FVTOCI, due to 
customers, due to banks, debt securities in issue and other borrowed funds that are measured at 
amortised cost and derivatives hedging other banking book items. The Group maintains adequate 
measurement, monitoring, and control functions for interest rate risk in the banking book, including: 
 
measurement systems of interest rate risk that capture all material sources of interest rate risk 
and assess the effect of interest rate changes in ways that are consistent with the scope of the 
Group’s activities; 
 
measurement of vulnerability to loss under stressed market conditions; 
 
processes and information systems for measuring, monitoring, controlling, and reporting 
interest rate risk exposures in the banking book; and 
 
a documented policy regarding the management of interest rate risk in the banking book. 
IRRBB is measured, monitored and controlled by the Risk Management function (Group Financial 
and Liquidity Risk Management Division - GFLRMD), based on the Group’s established risk 
appetite framework. Specifically, GFLRMD calculates a number of risk metrics for the purpose of 
monitoring and controlling IRRBB: 
 
Net Interest Income (“NII”) sensitivity, a measure of the effect of interest rate changes to the 
Group’s expected interest earnings. NII sensitivity measures changes to interest income under 
varying interest rate scenarios over a one year horizon and assuming a constant balance sheet

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
over this period. Its main purpose is to measure the vulnerability of the Group’s profitability 
to changing interest rates conditions; and 
 
Economic Value of Equity (“EVE”) Sensitivity, a measure of the change of the net present 
value of the balance sheet due to adverse interest rate changes. EVE Sensitivity is calculated 
on the entire balance sheet under a run-off assumption, i.e., no replenishment of matured 
transactions. 
Country Risk 
Country risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital, caused by events in a particular 
country which are at least to some extent under the control of the government but definitely not under 
the control of a private enterprise or individual. The main categories of country risk consist of 
sovereign risk, convertibility risk and transfer risk. Sovereign risk stems from a foreign government’s 
lack of capacity and/or willingness to repay its debt or other obligations. Convertibility and transfer 
risk arise when a borrower is unable to convert funds from local to foreign currency in order to repay 
external obligations. Therefore, country risk refers to all cross-border transactions, either with a 
central government, or with a financial institution, a corporate or a retail client. 
The on and off balance sheet items which potentially entail country risk are the following: 
 
participation in the equity of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in other countries; 
 
interbank secured and unsecured placements and the risk that arises from OTC transactions, 
with financial institutions which operate abroad; 
 
loans to corporations or financial institutions that operate abroad, positions in corporate bonds 
and cross-border project finance loans; 
 
funded and unfunded commercial transactions with foreign counterparties; and 
 
holdings of foreign sovereign debt. 
In this context, the Bank’s exposure to country risk arises from the participation in the Group’s 
subsidiaries operating abroad, the Bank’s holdings in foreign sovereign bonds and cross border 
activities in the form of interbank/commercial transactions and corporate lending. 
GFLRMD monitors country risk exposure on a daily basis, mainly focusing on the countries where 
the Group has presence. Currently, the Bank has limited exposure to country risk, since the only 
subsidiaries operating abroad are located in Cyprus and Northern Macedonia.  
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk arising from the institution’s inability to 
meet its payment obligations as they fall due, without incurring unacceptable losses.  
It reflects the potential mismatch between incoming and outgoing payments, taking into account 
unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly high outflows (withdrawal/call 
risk). Liquidity risk involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the Bank’s cost of funding and 
the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner and on reasonable terms. 
The Bank’s executive and senior management has the responsibility to implement the liquidity risk 
strategy approved by the Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) and to develop the policies, methodologies

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
and procedures for identifying, measuring, monitoring and reporting liquidity risk, consistent with the 
nature and complexity of the relevant activities. The Bank’s executive and senior management is 
informed about current liquidity risk exposures, on a daily basis, ensuring that the Group’s liquidity 
risk profile stays within the approved levels.  
In addition, top management receives, on a daily basis, the Bank’s liquidity report which presents a 
detailed analysis of the Group’s funding sources, counterbalancing capacity, cost of funding and other 
liquidity metrics related to the RAF, Recovery Plan and Contingency Funding Plan. Additionally, risk 
management reports monthly to ALCO, all approved liquidity metrics and indicators, as well as 
liquidity stress testing outcomes, maturity gaps between assets and liabilities, and cost of funding 
evolution. Liquidity Risk management aims to ensure that the Bank’s liquidity risk is measured 
appropriately and reported frequently to confirm that liquidity metrics are within set risk appetite and 
management is promptly informed of any developing liquidity risks. In addition, the Group’s 
subsidiaries measure, report and manage their own individual Liquidity Risk, ensuring they are self-
sufficient in a liquidity stress (i.e., not reliant on the Parent entity). 
During 2022, the Bank strengthened its liquidity profile, as customer deposit balance continued its 
upward trend and stood at €53.7 billion on 31 December 2022, driven by an increase in the Bank’s 
most stable deposit class, the saving deposits by €2.4 billion. Moreover, MREL capacity was 
significantly improved, with the successful issuance of c. €0.9 billion Senior Preferred bonds during 
the last quarter of 2022.  The aforementioned developments increased the Bank’s LCR and NSFR 
during 2022, to historically high levels. More specifically, on 31 December 2022 the Bank’s LCR 
stood at 250.2% (Group: 259.2%), and the Bank’s NSFR stood at 146.7% (Group: 146.3%). Finally, 
Loan-to-Deposit ratio stood at 57.7% and 58.6% as of 31 December 2022, on a domestic (Greece) and 
on a Group level, respectively. 
Operational risk 
The Group defines Operational Risk (“OR”) as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, people and systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risk, 
excludes strategic and business risk, but takes into consideration the reputational impact of OR. 
Operational risk is inherent to all products/services, activities, processes and systems and is generated 
in all business and support areas.  
NBG has established a sound Operational Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”), consistent with 
best practices and compliant with regulatory requirements and internal governance policies. It 
provides the foundations, principles and governance arrangements for designing, implementing, 
monitoring, reviewing and continually strengthening operational risk management throughout the 
Group. ORMF is aligned with the NBG Group Risk Appetite Framework and aims to facilitate a more 
informed risk decision-making process, resulting in the optimum handling of operational risk. 
The ORMF governance structure is based on the three lines of defence (“LoD”) model placing 
particular emphasis on the role of the first line of defence, the Business Units that are responsible and 
accountable for directly identifying, assessing, controlling and mitigating operational risk within their 
business activities in compliance with the Bank’s standards and policies. 
Operational risk management is integrated into the day-to-day business, adding value to the 
organisation by applying a proactive approach. A series of techniques and programmes have been 
defined by the Group in order to identify, assess, mitigate and monitor operational risk. The key 
components of the ORMF are the following:

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
the Risks and Controls Self-Assessment (“RCSA”) process; it is a recurring, forward 
looking process performed at least on an annual basis aiming at the identification and 
assessment of the operational risks faced by the Group. The scope of RCSA extends to all 
business lines, thereby to all business, support or specialised Units; 
 
the Internal Events Management process; NBG requires accurate and timely knowledge of 
operational risk related internal events and has therefore established an appropriate event 
management process that covers the event life cycle, comprising the event identification, 
categorization, analysis, on-going management, remediation actions and reporting; 
 
the Key Risk Indicators definition and monitoring process; NBG defines Key Risk Indicator 
as (“KRI”) any simple or combined data variable, which allows the assessment of a situation 
exposing the Bank to operational risk, as well as its trend, by monitoring/comparing its values 
over time. Therefore, KRIs are metrics providing early warning signs detecting potential risks 
and vulnerabilities in the activities of the Bank; 
 
the Scenario Analysis process; NBG defines Risk Scenario the creation of a potential event 
or consequence of events that expose the organisation to significant operational risks and can 
lead to severe operational losses. Scenario Analysis is the process that reveals all the long 
term exposures to major and unusual operational risks which can have substantial negative 
impacts on the organization’s profitability and reputation; and 
 
the Training Initiatives and Risk Culture awareness actions; Group Operational Risk 
Management Division designs and implements training programmes on operational risk and 
the ORMF, the use and implementation of programmes, methods and systems as well as other 
actions aiming at knowledge sharing and the establishment of OpRisk culture Group-wide.  
Additionally, the Bank aims to ensure operational resilience focusing on business continuity planning, 
resilient information and communication technology (ICT) including cyber security, internal & 
external interconnections, as well as third-party dependency management for the delivery of critical 
operations.  
The implementation of the ORMF and its programmes aims to continuously improve the control 
environment, implies proactive operational risk management and strengthens the Group’s risk culture. 
Strategic/Business risk: 
Acknowledging the increasing importance of the Business model viability and sustainability risks, the 
Bank introduced strategic focus within the Risk Management organization (dedicated function of 
Group Strategic Risk Management) and active participation in Business and Capital planning cycles 
(including a CRO opinion). The objective is to strengthen the interlink between risk management and 
strategy, establishing a regular and active involvement of the former in the strategy formulation and 
execution processes and providing the risk perspective during the definition of overarching business 
and strategic objectives. The development of Strategic Risk Management Framework is part of the 
Bank’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). 
NBG’s strategic objectives and priorities are identified through the Business and Capital Plan and the 
description of Business strategies set therein, in order to enable the realization of the Group Strategy. 
The risk identification and materiality assessment process is conducted by association of NBG’s

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
current Business Model, to the Business Strategy and external economic environment outlook 
(forward-looking perspective). 
The Business Model aspects which are considered for risk identification and materiality assessment 
are set out and mapped to specific KPIs which the Bank considers as most relevant and indicative to 
formulate its business profile (current status & forward-looking perspective). 
An impact assessment of strategic/business risks is conducted during the Business Plan formulation 
and approval process (standard process for NBG) and is updated during the ICAAP cycle for any 
material changes in NBG’s Business Strategy as well as in the context of incorporation of latest 
developments in the external environment (e.g. competition landscape, material regulatory/policy 
changes, behavioral changes etc.) and latest macroeconomic conditions. 
The identification of material Business risk sources forms the basis for impact quantification, as part 
of single-factor risk impact analysis, scenario analysis and stress testing. 
Climate and Environmental (C&E) risk: 
 
The Bank assigned the responsibility for the management of C&E risks throughout its 
organizational structure, cascading down through the 3 lines of defense and simultaneously 
established new Committees (Innovation and Sustainability Committee and ESG Management 
Committee) as a proof of effectiveness. 
 
 
Regarding the Risk Management function:  
• 
The Group CRO is accountable for the supervision of C&E risks and closely 
collaborates with the GM Transformation, Strategy & International and the GM 
Group Compliance & Corporate Governance for all major C&E topics. 
• 
The Group Chief Credit Officer and Credit Divisions ensure incorporation of ESG 
assessments within lending policies & processes. 
• 
Group Strategic Risk Management Division has been assigned the role to exercise a 
holistic overview on C&E risk management activities, being the central C&E 
reference point within Risk Management and the primary liaison between Risk 
Management and Business Strategy stakeholders for ESG matters, with a main focus 
on C&E. This is aligned with NBG’s Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) concept, 
which is also applicable for the C&E risk area. 
• 
C&E risks are integrated in the existing risk identification, measurement and 
assessment processes per primary risk type (transversal risk approach), therefore each 
Risk Division (Credit Risk, Market & Liquidity Risk, Operational Risk, 
Strategic/Business Risk): 
o measures, manages and mitigates C&E risks/drivers and their impact on the 
existing financial & non-financial risk types; 
o incorporates C&E risks/drivers in their internal frameworks, policies, 
procedures and reporting framework and implements enhancements as 
needed. 
o The above setup is supported in terms of coordination by the Risk Culture & 
Risk PMO Division. 
 
 
As part of embedding C&E considerations into Risk Management Framework: 
• 
Qualitative and quantitative risk metrics have been introduced into Risk Appetite 
Framework of the Bank; 
• 
Policies and procedures have been revised, including the incorporation of ESG 
criteria into Credit Granting and Assessment; 
• 
Climate Risk Stress Test has been incorporated in the overarching Stress Testing 
Framework, to assess vulnerabilities related to climate risk components, through the 
selection and examination of appropriate climate risk scenarios, per risk type and 
transversally, on the basis of risk materiality assessments and proportionality.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
Model Risk 
 
Model Risk is the potential loss the Group may incur, as a consequence of decisions that could be 
principally based on the output of the models deployed, due to errors in the development, 
implementation or use of these models. Model Risk occurs primarily for two reasons: 1) a model may 
produce inaccurate outputs due to errors in its design, methodology, data inputs or implementation, 2) 
a model may be used incorrectly or inappropriately, without following the proper considerations 
regarding its limitations and assumptions. 
Model Risk is measured, monitored, and managed by the MVU. The MVU has elaborated a set of 
policies, guidelines, methodologies and controls that comprise the Model Risk Management 
(“MRM”) Framework. The suitable application of the MRM Framework with the aim to also cover 
models’ lifecycle needs appropriately, empowers the MVU to perform and to be engaged in various 
control activities as part of the model validation process. In case that certain deficiencies are identified 
following the completion of a model validation cycle, the MVU formulates its concerns in the form of 
Required Action Items “RAIs” which are acted upon after their competent approval and may effect 
material changes to the models. 
 
The key aspects of the MRM framework are:  
 
a) Policies and Processes: To ensure the accurate, timely and flowless Model Risk 
quantification process and to manage it effectively, a comprehensive set of guidelines 
regarding the recognized models’ lifecycle needs as well as Policy and methodology 
documents relevant to the model governance, management and validation have been 
elaborated. The guidelines comprise clear and streamlined workflows and methodology 
documents resulting from MVU’s expertise and “deep dive” analysis, which are consistent 
with the Banks’ business processes being in effect and the relevant regulatory framework. 
b) Model Materiality Tiering and Model Risk Assessment: As required by the regulator, the 
scrutiny under which each model is validated, monitored and managed, is proportional to the 
model’s materiality. The MVU has introduced a model materiality tiering procedure, with the 
explicit intent to ascertain the level of each model’s importance and significance for the Bank. 
Furthermore, the mentioned classification and the models’ validation outcome are 
appropriately combined into an internally developed methodology, with the aim to quantify 
Model Risk in terms of internal capital. 
c) Issues and Action Plans: The MVU has accomplished a specific issue tracking business 
process, implemented in the Bank’s new workflow management system (Common 
Governance Risk & Compliance “GRC” platform), for the purpose of communicating model 
issues to the model owners, monitoring their statuses, approving action plans regarding the 
necessary mitigating initiatives, keeping track of their accomplishment and finally reporting 
the completion of issues’ resolution to the BRC. This multitude of processes ensures that 
validation exercises are contributing effectively to maintaining the models sound and 
functional, keeping them fit for purpose and assisting at the same time active Model Risk 
management while ensuring that the business essence of the models’ validation assessment is 
not solely constrained to the fulfilment of reporting needs and purposes. 
d) Model Inventory and Model Risk Management Module: The Group’s Risk Units have worked 
extensively towards the adoption of the mentioned workflow management system, which 
aims among other purposes to automate most of the procedures being pertinent to the models’ 
lifecycle requirements. This effort will be further enhanced by the Model Risk Management 
module being part of the GRC platform, which also incorporates a self-contained model

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
inventory comprising a thorough and concise model registry in terms of models’ attributes. 
The latter can provide the required supportive evidence for Model Risk management 
purposes, that remains available within the system. Furthermore, they are utilized – in their 
entirety or partly – as a pool of necessary inputs for Model Risk estimation purposes. The 
inventory is intended to become the Bank’s comprehensive model repository and to play an 
essential role in the centralized and holistic approach of Model Risk assessment.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors of the Bank 
The Bank is managed by the Board of Directors (the “Board”), which is responsible for ensuring 
strategic direction, management supervision and adequate control of the Bank, with the ultimate goal 
of increasing the long-term value of the Bank and protecting the corporate interest at large, in 
compliance with the current legislation and regulatory framework, including the provisions of the 
Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, as amended from time to time. 
The Board’s tasks, key responsibilities and authorities are set out in Greek law 4548/2018, the Greek 
Banking Legislation, EU Regulation 468/2014, Greek law 4706/2020, Greek law 3864/2010 and the 
Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, all as each time in force, the 
Hellenic Corporate Governance Code of the Hellenic Corporate Governance Council, which the Bank 
has adopted, constituting the Hellenic Corporate Governance Code for Companies with securities 
listed on the stock market, in accordance with Article 17 of Greek law 4706/2020 and Article 4 of 
Decision 2/905/3.3.2021 of the board of directors of the Hellenic Capital Market Commission, as well 
as in the Bank’s internal corporate governance framework, i.e. the Bank’s Articles of Association and 
the Bank’s Corporate Governance Code, which includes additional provisions in compliance with 
more specific corporate governance framework applying to credit institutions, as well as provisions on 
internal arrangements and processes that the Bank implements in compliance with the relevant legal 
and regulatory framework.  
Appointment of Directors and Operation of the Board 
The members of the Board are elected by the Bank’s General Meeting of Shareholders for a term that 
cannot exceed three years and ends at the ordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders in the year in 
which such term expires. Uneven terms of office may be provisioned for each Director, insofar as this 
is prescribed by the current legal and regulatory framework. All members can be re-elected. The 
General Meeting of Shareholders determines each time the exact number of the members of the Board 
and its independent members. 
An HFSF representative also participates in the Bank’s Board, in line with Greek law 3864/2010, as 
in force. In accordance with the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, 
signed in December 2015, as in force, the HFSF is also entitled to the appointment of an observer 
without voting rights (the “HFSF Observer”).  
Furthermore, until 22 July 2016, pursuant to the Bank’s participation in the Hellenic Republic Bank 
Support Plan Greek law 3723/2008, the Hellenic Republic had the right to participate in the Board 
through the appointment of a representative. As the Bank no longer benefits from any support under 
the Hellenic Republic’s Bank Support Plan, the Bank is no longer subject to the provisions of Greek 
law 3723/2008 and the representation of the Hellenic Republic on the Bank’s Board has been ceased. 
Moreover, as of July 2019 the Board established the role of Senior Independent Director, who is 
selected from among its independent non-executive members. The duties of the Senior Independent 
Director, as foreseen in the Bank’s Corporate Governance Code, indicatively include: acting as a 
sounding board for the Chairman and serving as an intermediary for the other Directors; being a key 
point of contact for shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders along with the Chairman of the 
Board; coordinating the non-executive Board members, and discussing with other Directors issues on 
which the Chairman might have a conflict of interest and acting as intermediary between Directors 
and the Chairman, as necessary; acting as a facilitator, to facilitate and improve relations with 
shareholders and to assist in the resolution of conflict in case of crisis or in case of dispute, when for 
instance: i) there is a dispute between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer; ii) shareholders 
or non-executive directors have expressed concerns that are not being addressed by the Chairman or 
the Chief Executive Officer; or iii) the relationship between the Chairman and the Chief Executive

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Officer is particularly close; and leading the annual evaluation of the Chairman according to the 
Bank’s Board Evaluation Policy.  
Since the initial establishment of the role of Senior Independent Director in 2019, the Board, with the 
support of the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, has formulated a  detailed profile 
for the role of the Senior Independent Director, taking into account regulatory provisions, 
international best practices and relevant guidelines (role specification) provided by the Hellenic 
Financial Stability Fund (HFSF), which was updated in July 2022 in alignment to the revised 
structure of Board Committees. 
Responsibilities of the Board 
Among other matters, the Board is responsible for: 
 
reviewing and approving the strategic direction of the Bank and the Group, including the 
business plan, the annual budget and the key strategic decisions as well as providing guidance 
to the Bank’s and the Group’s Management; 
 
reviewing the Group’s corporate structure, monitoring its embedded risks and ensuring the 
cohesiveness and effectiveness of the Group’s corporate governance system; 
 
acquiring shareholdings in other banks in Greece or abroad, or divestment thereof; 
 
establishing branches, agencies, and representation offices in Greece and abroad; 
 
establishing associations and foundations under Article 108 and participating in companies 
falling under Article 784 of the Greek Civil Code; 
 
approving the Bank’s internal labour regulations; 
 
nominating General Managers and other executives of the Bank, as appropriate in line with the 
applicable framework and accordingly following proposals by the Bank’s responsible bodies; 
 
reviewing and approving the Group and the Bank’s annual and interim financial report; 
 
issuing Bonds of any type, with the exception of those for which the Bank’s General Meeting is 
exclusively responsible in accordance with the Greek law; 
 
approving and reviewing a Code of Ethics for the employees of the Bank and the Group and the 
Code of Ethics for financial professionals; 
 
approving the Bank’s and the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Policy; and 
 
approving and reviewing the Group Remuneration Policy upon decision of its non-executive 
members, following recommendation by the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee 
of the Board. 
Moreover, pursuant to article 10 of Greek law 3864/2010 (the “HFSF Law”), as amended and in 
force, the representative of the HFSF may, inter alia, veto the decision making process of the Board 
in relation to dividend allocation and the benefits and bonus policy of the Chairman of the Board, the 
Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Board, as well as the General Managers and 
their substitutes, for any credit institutions whose ratio of non-performing loans to total loans, as 
calculated in accordance with subsection f(ii), of paragraph 2 of Article 11 of Commission 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/451, exceeds 10%.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
The Bank’s Board is supported by seven Board Committees, which have been established and operate 
for this purpose, namely the “Strategy and Transformation Committee”, the “Board Risk Committee”, 
the “Audit Committee”, the “Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee”, the “Human 
Resources and Remuneration Committee”, the “Compliance”, the “Ethics and Culture Committee” 
and the “Innovation and Sustainability Committee”. The Board Committees operate in accordance 
with their applicable legislation and regulatory framework applicable in each case, (See “Board 
Committees” below). 
Board Structure 
Pursuant to Greek law 3864/2010 and the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and 
the HFSF, the HFSF participates in the Board through the appointment of a representative (the HFSF 
Observer, as described above). As notified to the Bank by HFSF's Letter dated 23 July 2018, the 
duties of the HFSF's Representative, in the context of Law 3864/2010, are exercised by Mr Periklis 
Drougkas. The HFSF representative is entitled to participate in Board Committees, and has the rights 
and authorities prescribed by Greek law 3864/2010 and the Relationship Framework Agreement 
between the National Bank of Greece and the HFSF, both as each time in force. 
In the context of overseeing the implementation of the restructuring plan of the banking sector, and 
specifically, the implementation of any other commitments undertaken by the Greek Government 
relating to the Bank’s operations, Grant Thornton had been appointed as “Monitoring Trustee” with a 
view to ensuring compliance of the Bank with the aforesaid commitments. (See also below 
“Monitoring Trustee” and “History and Development of the Group – 2019 Revised Restructuring 
Plan”)  
Given that the three-year term of the entire NBG Board of Directors was due to end at the Annual 
General Meeting of 2021, the Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s Shareholders held on 30 July 
2021 elected a new Board of Directors, consisting of twelve (12) Directors, with a term of three years, 
i.e., through to the Annual General Meeting of 2024. On the same day, the new Board of Directors 
convened and constituted into a body, in line with the law and the Bank’s Articles of Association. The 
Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s Shareholders held on 28 July 2022, resolved upon the increase 
of the number of Board members from twelve (12) to thirteen (13) and the election of Mr. Athanasios 
Zarkalis as new Independent Non-Executive member of the Board of Directors, in fulfilment of the 
new position in the Board, with a term equal to the remaining Board members, i.e., up to the Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders of 2024. On the same day, the Board of Directors convened and 
decided on its constitution into a body, in line with the applicable law and the Bank’s Articles of 
Association. 
The following table sets forth the current Board: 
 
Name 
Position in Board 
Start of 
Term* 
End 
of 
Ter
m 
Profession/ 
Main 
Expertise, 
Experience 
Principal 
activities 
performed outside of 
NBG 
Board of Directors of the Bank

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Gikas 
Hardouvelis 
Chair 
(Non-executive 
Member) 
30 July 2021 2024 Chair of the 
Board 
Professor/ 
Economist/Risk, 
Strategy and 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Professor, Department 
of 
Banking 
and 
Financial Management 
at the University of 
Piraeus, 
First 
Vice 
Chair of the Board of 
Directors and member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committee 
of 
the 
Foundation 
for 
Economic 
and 
Industrial 
Research 
(IOBE), participation 
in 
the 
Board 
of 
Trustees of Anatolia 
College, Member of 
the Advisory Board of 
the 
LSE-Hellenic 
Observatory, Member 
of 
the 
Academic 
Council 
of 
Cyprus 
International Institute 
of 
Management, 
Resident Fellow at the 
Institute of Finance 
and 
Financial 
Regulation, Research 
Fellow at the Centre 
for Economic Policy 
Research, London and 
ex-officio Member of 
the Board at several 
foundations 
in 
his 
capacity as Chair of 
NBG
Executive members 
Pavlos 
Mylonas
Chief Executive 
Officer
30 July 2021 2024 Chief Executive 
Officer
- 
Christina 
Theofilidi
Executive Board 
Member
30 July 2021 2024 Executive 
Board Member
- 
Independent Non-Executive 
Members 
 
Avraam 
Gounaris  
Senior Independent 
Director 
30 July 2021 2024 Economist / 
Financial 
Services

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
Wietze 
Reehorn 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 2024 Risk, Strategy 
and Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
MUFG Bank (Europe) 
N.V. 
(MBE), 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
MUFG 
Securities 
(Europe) NV, Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
Anthos 
Private 
Wealth 
Management 
B.V., 
participation 
as 
member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Council 
of 
Frans 
Hals 
Museum, Chairman of 
the 
Supervisory 
Council of Stichting 
Topsport Community, 
participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
ABE 
Bonnema 
Stichting 
and 
member/Director 
of 
Koninklijke 
Hollandsche 
Maatschappij 
der 
Wetencchappen
Aikaterini 
Beritsi 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 2024 Corporate 
Governance 
Experience
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
EYDAP S.A.
Claude Piret 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 2024 Risk 
Experience/ 
Financial 
Services
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Saint Pierre Hospital 
in Belgium

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Anne Marion 
Bouchacourt 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 2024  Human 
Resources and 
Culture 
Experience 
Chair 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
Private 
Banking 
Switzerland 
and she also acts as 
Societe 
Generale 
Group Country Head 
for Switzerland and 
CEO 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
Zurich, 
Participation in Board 
of Directors of Ipsos 
and Credit du Nord, 
President 
of 
Conseillers 
du 
Commerce 
extérieur 
de la France (Suisse), 
Member of the Board 
of the ‘Association des 
banques étrangères en 
Suisse’
Elena Ana 
Cernat 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 2024 Banking/Digital 
Banking 
Experience
Participation in Board 
of Directors of Yoga 
Vidya Romania
Matthieu Kiss Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 2024 Audit 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
HSBC 
Insurance 
France Europe Arab 
Bank S.A. (EAB) and 
Chair as a volunteer of 
the finance committee 
of the French arm of 
the Salvation Army
Jayaprakasa 
(JP) 
Rangaswami 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 2024 IT/ Digital 
Transformation 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Admiral Group plc, 
Allfunds Bank SA, 
Daily 
Mail 
and 
General 
Trust 
plc, 
EMIS 
Group 
plc, 
Board 
Chairman 
at 
Web Science Trust, 
Member 
of 
Trust 
Board of Cumberland 
Lodge, 
Adjunct 
Professor 
at 
the 
University 
of 
Southampton

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Athanasios 
Zarkalis 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
28 July 2022 2024 Commercial, 
Retail and 
Strategy 
Experience
 
Non Executive - Representative of 
the HFSF (Greek law 3864/2010) - 
 
Periklis 
Drougkas 
Representative of 
the HFSF 
30 July 2021 2024 Economist 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Tirana Bank ShA
Secretary Board of Directors  
Panos 
Dasmanoglou 
 
30 July 2021 2024 General 
Manager of 
Group 
Compliance and 
Corporate 
Governance
- 
 
* Date of election of the members of the Board by the 2021 and 2022 AGMs  
At the end of 2021 and during 2022, the following changes took place as regards composition of the 
Board:  
 
On 22 December 2021, the Board elected Mr. Avraam Gounaris as Senior Independent 
Director. Mr. Claude Piret was serving temporarily as Senior Independent Director from 22 
April 2021 until 22 December 2021.  
 
The AGM held on 28 July 2022, resolved upon the increase of the number of Board members 
from twelve (12) to thirteen (13) and the election of Mr. Athanasios Zarkalis as new 
Independent Non-Executive member of the Board, in fulfilment of the new position in the 
Board, with a term equal to the remaining Board members, i.e. up to the AGM of 2024. 
Business Address 
The business address of each member of the Issuer's administrative, management and internal 
supervisory 
bodies 
is 
the 
Issuer's 
registered 
office 
at 
86 
Aiolou 
Street,  
10559 Athens, Greece. 
HFSF influence  
Pursuant to the HFSF Law and the Presubscription Agreement dated 28 May 2012, as amended and 
restated on 21 December 2012, the HFSF initially appointed a representative on the Bank’s Board in 
2012. The HFSF representative, according also to the stipulations of the Relationship Framework 
Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, participates in the Board Committees. Additionally, 
according the provisions of the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, 
the HFSF also appoints an Observer to the Board and Board Committees (without voting rights).

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
Pursuant to the 2015 Recapitalisation, the HFSF participated in the Bank’s recapitalisation by 
contributing ESM notes and acquiring in exchange common shares with full voting rights representing 
38.92% of the share capital of the Bank, and CoCos which were fully repaid on 15 December 2016. 
Additionally, the HFSF used to retain common shares with restrictions on the exercise of voting 
rights, as per article 7a of the HFSF Law as in force, corresponding to 1.47% of the share capital of 
the Bank, which could have full voting rights shares upon certain conditions. However, in accordance 
with Law 4941/2022, which amended the HFSF Law, Article 107 par. 2, as of 16.07.2022, the HFSF, 
pursuant to Article 7a of the HFSF Law, as amended by Law 4941/2022 and in force, fully exercises 
voting rights corresponding to the total shares that it holds, i.e., to shares corresponding to 40.39% of 
the share capital of the Bank. 
Subject to the Relationship Framework Agreement, the applicable law and the Bank’s Articles of 
Association, the Bank’s decision making bodies will continue to determine independently, amongst 
others, the Bank’s commercial strategy and policy and the decisions on the day to day operation of the 
Bank will continue to rest with the Bank’s competent bodies and officers, as the case may be, in 
accordance with their statutory, legal and fiduciary responsibilities. 
Monitoring Trustee  
From January to February 2013, monitoring trustees (each, a “Monitoring Trustee”), acting on 
behalf of the European Commission, were appointed in all banks under restructuring—including the 
Bank, in accordance with the commitments undertaken by the Hellenic Republic towards the 
European Commission in 2012, regarding banks under restructuring, in the Memorandum of 
Economic and Financial Policies, contained in the First Review of the Second Economic Adjustment 
Programme for Greece. 
The Monitoring Trustees are respected international auditing or consulting firms approved by the 
European Commission on the basis of their competence, their independence from the banks and the 
absence of any potential conflict of interest. In each credit institution under restructuring, the 
Monitoring Trustees worked on behalf and under the direction of the European Commission, within 
the terms of reference agreed with the European Committee (“EC”), ECB and IMF staff. 
Grant Thornton had been the Bank’s Monitoring Trustee since 16 January 2013, with the duty to 
monitor the Bank’s compliance with the commitments undertaken. 
The commitments undertaken in 2012 were updated and included as an Annex in the 2014 
Restructuring Plan. The commitments were further updated in December 2015 and included as an 
Annex in the 2015 Revised Restructuring Plan. On 10 May 2019, the Directorate General for 
Competition of the European Commission approved the Bank’s 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan, 
amending the commitments of 2015 
Αs communicated by the Directorate General for Competition of the European Commission in June 
2022, the restructuring period and the mandate of the Monitoring Trustee for NBG has ended (see p. 
14 of the Six Months 2022 Financial Statements under “Board of Directors’ Report – 2019 Revised 
Restructuring Plan”, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus).   
Board Committees  
Seven Committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Human Resources and Remuneration 
Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, the Risk Committee, the 
Strategy and Transformation Committee, the Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee and the 
Innovation and Sustainability Committee have been set up and operate at Board level.  
Audit Committee

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
The Audit Committee was established in 1999 and operates in accordance with the provisions of the 
Bank of Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/2006 and Greek law 4449/2017 (article 44), as in force. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Matthieu Kiss 
Vice Chair 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
JP Rangaswami  
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Human Resources and Remuneration Committee 
The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (“HRRC”) was established by Board decision 
(meeting no. 1259/5 May 2005). 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Vice Chair 
Elena Ana Cernat  
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member 
Athanasios Zarkalis  
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee 
The Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee (“CGNC”) was established by Board 
decision (meeting no. 1259/5 May 2005). 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn  
Vice Chair 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Anne Marion Bouchacourt 
Member 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Board Risk Committee  
The Board Risk Committee (“BRC”) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1308/20 July 
2006) in accordance with the requirements of Bank of Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/9 March 
2006.  The Committee has competence over matters relevant to Risk Management, as well as Non-
Performing Loans/Exposures (NPLs/NPEs).  
The Committee is comprised of the following members:

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
Chair 
Claude Piret 
Vice Chair 
 Wietze Reehoorn 
Member 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Strategy & Transformation Committee 
The Strategy Committee was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1387/29 September 2009) 
and was renamed the strategy and transformation committee (“Strategy and Transformation 
Committee”) by Board decision (meeting no. 1622/26 July 2018). The STC supports the executive 
Board members in developing the Group’s strategic options, assists the Board in taking decisions on 
all issues related to the Group strategy and regularly reviews the implementation of the Group’s 
strategy by the Group’s management team.  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Vice Chair 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Compliance, Ethics & Culture Committee 
The Ethics and Culture Committee was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1622/26 July 
2018) with the purpose of promoting highest standards of ethics and integrity in accordance with 
international best practices and was renamed to Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee by Board 
Decision in October 2020 (meeting no. 1685/22 October 2020) with the purpose of adopting a holistic 
compliance supervisory approach at Board level. 
The Compliance, Ethics & Culture Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Innovation and Sustainability Committee 
The Innovation and Sustainability Committee (ISC) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 
1718/24.2.2022), following the elevation of the IT & Innovation Advisory Council (established by the 
Board in January 2021) to a Board Committee and the enhancement of its duties. The purpose of the 
Committee is to support the Board in ensuring there is continuous monitoring and tracking of 
important developments and long-term trends related to Innovation, Sustainability, Information 
Technology, ESG and Banking, so that the Board possesses the necessary awareness of how the 
banking/financial sector landscape is formed and updated knowledge of the factors that can affect the 
formulation of the Bank’s long-term strategy, its performance/position in the market and the 
perception stakeholders may have about the Bank. The overall objective of the Committee is to act as

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
an out-of-the-box thinker, explorer and incubator of innovative ideas and practices and advise the 
Board/its Committees as may be deemed appropriate. 
The Innovation and Sustainability Committee is comprised of the following members: 
Chair 
JP Rangaswami 
Vice-Chair 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Member 
Athanasios Zarkalis 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF Representative) 
Executive Committees 
Senior Executive Committee 
The Senior Executive Committee (“SEC”) was established in 2004 and operates via specific Charter. 
It is the supreme executive body that supports the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank in his duties.  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & 
General Manager of Retail 
Banking 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
Member 
Vasileios   Kavalos 
General Manager - Group 
Treasury and Financial Markets 
Member 
Fotini Ioannou  
General Manager – Legacy 
Portfolio & Specialized Asset 
Solutions 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer 
Member 
Christos 
Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Stratos Molyviatis 
General Manager, Chief 
Operations Officer 
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – 
Transformation, Strategy & 
International Activities

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
Member without voting 
rights 
Panos Dasmanoglou 
General Manager of Group 
Compliance and Corporate 
Governance 
Member without voting 
rights 
Georgios 
Triantafillakis 
General Manager of Group Legal 
Services 
An Extended Executive Committee also operates which, additionally to the above members, is 
comprised of the following members: 
Member 
Evi Hatzioannou 
General Manager of Group Human 
Resources
Member 
Ioannis 
Kyriakopoulos*
General Manager, Group Real Estate 
Member
Chara Dalekou
General Manager of Group Marketing
Member 
Kostas Adamopoulos 
Assistant General Manager – Strategic 
Transactions
Member 
Beate Randulf 
Assistant General Manager – Group 
Chief Control Officer
* Mr Ioannis Kyriakopoulos participates in the board of directors of the Athens Exchange Group  
Asset and Liability Committee  
ALCO was established in 1993. The Committee’s key purpose is to establish the Bank’s and its Group 
financial sector entities’ strategy and policy as to matters relating to the structuring and management 
of assets and liabilities taking into account the current regulatory framework and market conditions, as 
well as the risk limits set by the Bank. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deputy Chairman & 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Vasileios Kavalos 
General Manager - Group Treasury and 
Financial Markets 
Member 
Fotini Ioannou  
General Manager – Legacy Portfolio & 
Specialized Asset Solutions 
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – Transformation, 
Strategy & International Activities

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
The Committee convenes regularly once a month or extraordinarily, at the invitation of its Chairman. 
At the invitation of its Chairman, it is possible for other executives of the Bank and the Group to 
attend its meetings. 
The Committee members do not receive any remuneration for their participation in the Committee. 
Senior Credit Committee 
The Senior Credit Committee (the “SCC”) was established in 2008 and its purpose is the optimisation 
and the sound operation of the risk taking limits. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members*: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and Investment Banking 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, Chief Risk 
Officer 
Member 
Constantinos Vossikas 
General Manager, Chief Credit Officer 
* In the case of meetings where issues regarding corporate special assets are discussed, Mrs Fotini 
Ioannou, General Manager Legacy Portfolio & Specialized Asset Solutions, participates in the 
Committee. 
** In case of impediment or absence of the General Manager – Corporate and Investment Banking, 
the General Manager of Corporate SMEs and Shipping, Mr. Georgios Koutsoudakis, shall participate 
in the Committee, while in case of impediment or absence of the General Manager - Legacy Portfolio 
& Specialized Asset Solutions, the Assistant General Manager - Corporate Special Assets, Mr. 
Dimitris Papadopoulos shall participate in the Committee. 
The General Manager of Group Legal Services is invited and attends the meetings of the Committee. 
Provisions and Write Offs Committee 
The Provisions and Write Offs Committee (“PWOC”) was established in 2010. Its purpose is the 
decision making process on the provisions and write offs of the Group claims of any nature, which are 
considered by the PWOC to be liable of a loss in value in accordance with the relevant “Provisions 
and Write Offs Policy” of the Group. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
Chairman
Pavlos Mylonas
Chief Executive Officer
Member
Christos Christodoulou
General Manager, Group CFO
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, Chief 
Risk Officer
ESG Management Committee  
The Committee was established in 2021 and operates via a specific Charter. In the context of its 
strategic approach and commitment the Committee’s purpose is to continuously promote sustainable

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
development and responsible entrepreneurship. Further, aiming at effective management of ESG, 
sustainability and sustainable financing issues, in line with regulatory requirements and taking into 
account best practices included in international treaties and initiatives, the Bank established the ESG 
Management Committee to contribute to the governance of multiple aspects of NBG’s ESG strategy 
and implementation 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman
Pavlos Mylonas
Chief Executive Officer
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking
Member 
Panos Dasmanoglou 
General Manager of Group Compliance and 
Corporate Governance
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, 
Chief Risk Officer
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and Investment 
Banking
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – Transformation, Strategy & 
International Activities
Member
Christos Christodoulou
General Manager, Group CFO
Member
Stratos Molyviatis
General Manager, Chief Operations Officer
Member
Evi Hatzioannou
General Manager of Group Human Resources
Member
Ioannis Kyriakopoulos*
General Manager, Group Real Estate
Member
Chara Dalekou
General Manager of Group Marketing
* Mr Ioannis Kyriakopoulos participates in the board of directors of Athens Exchange  
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above 
and their private interests and / or other duties. 
Employees  
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank employed a total of 6,706 staff (7,031 less 325 committed exits), 
compared to 7,139 staff (7,365 less 226 committed exits) as at 31 December 2021. Additionally, the 
Group’s subsidiaries in Greece and abroad employed approximately 1,400 (incl. 3 employees at 
Representation Office in Melbourne, Australia) employees of which 84 in the Bank’s foreign 
branches as at 31 December 2022, compared to 1,637 (incl. 3 employees at Representation Office in 
Melbourne, Australia) and 226 respectively   as at 31 December 2021. 
Most of the Bank’s employees belong to a union and the Greek banking industry has been subject to 
strikes over the issues of pensions and wages. Bank employees throughout the Hellenic Republic went 
on strike for and 3 days in 2022.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE 
 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative acts and codes applying in 
each jurisdiction in which it operates. 
Further to this, the Group is subject to the European Union regulatory framework and Greek laws and 
regulations and to supervision by the ECB/SSM and the Bank of Greece. 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 (“Regulation 1024/2013”) established the SSM for 
Eurozone credit institutions. The SSM maintains an important distinction between significant and 
non-significant entities, which will be subject to differing supervisory regimes. The Bank is included 
in the list of significant supervised entities which the ECB updates and publishes regularly (last 
updated on 1 March 2023). As a result, the ECB has been granted certain supervisory powers as from 
4 November 2014, which include: 
• 
the authority to grant and revoke authorisations regarding credit institutions; 
• 
with respect to credit institutions established in a participating Member State establishing a 
branch or providing cross border services in Member States that are not part of the Eurozone, 
to carry out the tasks of the competent authority of the home Member State; 
• 
the power to assess notifications regarding the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings 
in credit institutions; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to provisions regarding requirements on own 
funds securitisation, large exposure limits, liquidity, leverage, as well as on the reporting and 
public disclosure of information on those matters; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to corporate governance, including fit and proper 
requirements for the persons responsible for the management of credit institutions, risk 
management processes, internal control mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices and 
effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes (including internal ratings based 
models); 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory reviews, including, where appropriate and in coordination 
with the EBA, stress tests and supervisory reviews which may lead to the imposition of 
specific additional own funds requirements, specific publication requirements, specific 
liquidity requirements and other measures; 
• 
the power to supervise credit institutions on a consolidated group basis, extending supervision 
over parent entities established in a Member State; and 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, provide early 
intervention where a credit institution or group does not meet or is likely to breach the 
applicable prudential requirements and, only in the cases explicitly permitted under law, 
implement structural changes to prevent financial stress or failure, excluding any resolution 
powers. 
The SSM framework Regulation 468/2014 (ECB/2014/17) sets out the practical arrangements for the 
SSM, while Regulation 2014/1163, as amended by Regulation 2019/2155, lays down the 
methodology and procedure regarding the annual supervisory fees which are born by the supervised 
credit institutions.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
In Greece, as a Member State whose currency is the euro, the ECB exercises its supervisory 
responsibilities in cooperation with the Bank of Greece. The ECB is responsible for the effective and 
consistent functioning of the SSM and exercises oversight over the functioning of the system, based 
on the distribution of responsibilities between the ECB and National Competent Authorities 
(“NCAs”), which in Greece is the Bank of Greece. To ensure efficient supervision, credit institutions 
are categorised as “significant” or “less significant”: the ECB directly supervises significant banks, 
whereas the NCAs are in charge of supervising less significant banks, with the ECB exercising 
indirect supervision. The Bank is currently categorised as “significant” and is therefore subject to 
direct supervision by the ECB. The day-to-day supervision is conducted by Joint Supervisory Teams, 
which comprise staff from both NCAs and the ECB. 
Supervisory Review Evaluation Process 
The Bank is subject to continuous evaluation of its capital adequacy in the context of the SSM and 
could be requested to operate with higher than minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. 
Such evaluations are carried out by the ECB mainly through the SREP.  
Following the completion of SREP for 2022, the ECB notified the Group of its new total SREP 
capital requirement (“TSCR”), which applies from 1 January 2023. According to this decision, the 
ECB requires the Bank to maintain, on a consolidated and on an individual basis, a TSCR of 11%. 
The TSCR of 11% includes: 
 
the minimum Pillar I own funds requirement of 8% to be maintained at all times in 
accordance with Article 92(1) of the CRR (as defined below), and 
 
an additional Pillar II own funds requirement of 3% to be maintained at all times in 
accordance with Article 16(2)(a) of Regulation 1024/2013, to be made up entirely of 
Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital. 
In addition to the TSCR, the Group is also subject to the Overall Capital Requirement (“OCR”). The 
OCR consists of TSCR and the combined buffer requirement as defined in point (6) of Article 128 of 
the CRD IV Directive (as defined above). 
The combined buffer requirement is defined as the sum of: 
 
a capital conservation buffer (the “Capital Conservation Buffer”); 
 
the institution specific Countercyclical Capital Buffer (“CcyB”); and 
 
the systemic risk buffer (“Systemic Risk Buffer”) / systemically important institutions buffer 
(“Systemically Important Institutions Buffer”), as applicable. 
The Capital Conservation Buffer was 2.5% for 2022 for all banks in the EU.  
The CcyB is implemented as an extension of the Capital Conservation Buffer and has the primary 
objective of protecting the banking sector from periods of excess aggregate credit growth that have 
often been associated with the build-up of system-wide risk. It is calculated as the weighted average 
of the buffers in effect in the jurisdictions to which a credit institution has significant credit exposures. 
Bank of Greece defined its methodology for determining the CcyB in 2015 and consecutively set the 
CcyB at 0% for Greece throughout 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 (Bank of Greece Acts 
55/2015, 83/2016, 97/2016, 103/2016, 107/2016, 115/2017, 119/2017, 122/2017, 127/2017,135/2018, 
143/2018, 148/2018, 152/2018, 156/2019, 159/2019, 161/2019, 164/2019, 167/2020, 173/2020, 
177/2020, 180/2021, 186/2021, 190/2021, 193/2021 and 202/2022). The CcyB is also currently 0% in 
all other countries in which the Group has significant exposures. Thus, the institution specific CcyB

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
for the Group is currently 0%.For O-SIIs an additional capital buffer is applied, which was 0.25% for 
2019, 0.50% for 2020, 0.50% for 2021, 0.75% for 2022 for all four credit institutions that were 
characterised as O-SIIs in Greece (including the Bank) (Bank of Greece, Executive Committee Act no 
151/30.10.2018, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no 163/1/1.11.2019, Bank of Greece 
Executive Committee Act no 174/26.6.2020, Bank of Greece, Executive Committee Act no 
195/29.11.2021, and Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no. 212/21.09.2022) and was set at 
1.00% for 2023. See further “Capital Requirements/Supervision” below. 
Following the completion of the 2022 SREP cycle, in December 2022 the Bank received the final 
SREP Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2023. In particular, 
based on 2022 SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2023 remained stable at 3%, but OCR 
increased to 14.50% (from 14.25% in 2022) due to the phase-in of the O-SII buffer (i.e., increased by 
0.25%). Consequently, the OCR + P2G capital requirements for 2023 increased to 16.25%. 
See further “Capital Requirements/Supervision” below. 
ECB Climate Risk Stress Test 2022 
NBG successfully completed the 2022 Climate Risk Stress Test (the “Exercise”) led by the European 
Central Bank (“ECB”) under common methodological rules and scenario assumptions, in which 104 
significant banks participated. 
The Exercise was primarily prescribed by ECB as one of pivotal, but also mutually learning nature for 
all participating Banks and Supervisors, forming part of the green transition roadmap and effective 
management of climate risks. In this context, the 2022 Climate risk Stress Test did not constitute a 
solvency exercise; its outcome is prescribed as informative to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (“SREP”) from a qualitative perspective, without a direct impact on capital through the Pillar 
2 guidance.  
NBG’s overall performance was in line with the average of the EU-wide participating institutions. In 
terms of advancement in the internal climate stress-testing capabilities (qualitative part of the 
Exercise), the Bank ranked above the average of Total EU sample at Medium-Advance level, while in 
the domestic banking sector, NBG’s overall transition impact on business modelviability was assessed 
as of relatively lower risk (Advanced scoring).  
The 2022 Climate Stress test outcome reflects the firm commitment and progress made by NBG, 
setting the basis for an effective climate risk management framework and timely adaptation of 
processes and strategies, including via ambitious plans for substantial investment in human and 
technical capabilities. 
EU-wide stress test 2023  
The EU-wide stress test exercise comprises one of the main supervisory tools to monitor and assess 
market developments and identify potential risks and vulnerabilities stemming from the micro-
prudential level. The EBA is mandated to initiate and coordinate the EU-wide stress tests, in 
cooperation with the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB), aiming to assess the resilience of 
financial institutions to adverse market developments, as well as to contribute to the overall 
assessment of systemic risk in the EU financial system. The EBA's EU-wide stress tests are conducted 
in a bottom-up fashion, using consistent methodologies, scenarios and key assumptions developed in 
cooperation with the ESRB, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Commission (EC). 
One important element to be noted is that the exercise is conducted under a static balance sheet 
assumption, with starting point the end-of-year 2022.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
On 31 January 2023, the European Banking Authority (EBA) launched the 2023 EU-wide stress test 
and released the macroeconomic scenarios. The adverse scenario is based on a narrative of 
hypothetical heightened geopolitical tensions, with high inflation and higher interest rates having 
strong adverse effects on private consumption and investments, both domestically and globally. The 
severe nature of the adverse scenario reflects a deliberate choice and reflects the purpose of the stress 
test exercise, which is to assess the resilience of the European banking system to a hypothetical 
severely deteriorated macro-environment.  
NBG participates in the exercise as part of the EBA sample of Banks. The Bank has duly proceeded 
so far with the Advanced Data Collection (ADC) and 1st Full Data Collection (FDC1) submission 
cycles, in line with the official horizontal timeline. 
The EBA expects to publish the results of the exercise at the end of July 2023. The outcome of the 
exercise will inform the 2023 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
The Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) establishes uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a 
Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) and the Fund. The SRM Regulation establishing a SRM for 
the Banking Union (as defined by the European Commission) entered into force on 19 August 2014. 
On 1 January 2016, the SRM became fully operational. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need 
additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks 
supervised by the SSM, including the Bank. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established 
under the SRM Regulation will be applied by a single resolution board (the “Single Resolution 
Board” or the “SRB”) together with the EU Council and the European Commission and the national 
resolution authorities within the framework of the SRM. The Single Resolution Board shall have 
available the same range of tools as are available under the BRRD as described below. The SRM will 
be supported by the Fund. In the Banking Union, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD 
were superseded by the Fund as at 1 January 2016 and those funds will be pooled together gradually. 
Therefore, as at 2016, the Single Resolution Board, calculates the annual contributions of all 
institutions authorised in the Member States participating in the SSM and the SRM. The European 
banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The Council Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/81 
provides for an adjustment mechanism to avoid distortions between institutions and achieve a 
balanced distribution of contributions between the different types of institutions. This Regulation lays 
down rules specifying the conditions for implementing of the obligation of the SRB to calculate the 
contributions for individual institutions pursuant to the SRM Regulation to the Fund and the 
methodology for the calculation of those contributions, introducing also by derogation of the general 
methodology an adjusted methodology for an initial transitional period of eight years by way of a 
gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. In May 2017 European Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/747 of 17 December 2015 entered into force, providing for criteria relating to 
the calculation of ex ante contributions, and the circumstances and conditions under which the 
payment of extraordinary ex post contributions to the Fund may be partially or entirely deferred. 
The SRM works as follows: 
• 
the SSM, as the supervisor, would signal when a bank in the euro area or established in a 
Member State participating in the Banking Union is in severe financial difficulties and needs to 
be resolved; 
• 
the Single Resolution Board, the ECB and the European Commission, will carry out specific 
tasks to prepare for and carry out the resolution of a bank that is failing or likely to fail. The 
SRB decides whether and when to place a bank into resolution and sets out, in the resolution 
scheme, a framework for the use of resolution tools and the potential use of the Fund. The SRB

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
is responsible for the effective and consistent functioning of the SRM and shall only use the 
Fund for the purpose of ensuring the efficient application of the resolution tools and exercise of 
resolution powers. The SRB is the owner of the Fund; 
• 
the resolution scheme can then be approved or rejected by the European Commission or, in 
certain circumstances, by the Council within 24 hours; 
• 
under the supervision of the SRB, national resolution authorities will be in charge of the 
execution of the resolution scheme; 
• 
the SRB oversees the resolution. It monitors the execution at national level by the national 
resolution authorities and, should a national resolution authority not comply with its decision, 
directly addresses executive orders to the troubled banks. 
The Fund was set up under the control of the SRB. It will ensure the availability of funding support 
while the bank is resolved. The European banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The Fund 
can only contribute to resolution if at least 8% of the total liabilities and own funds of the bank have 
been written down or converted into equity. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (the “SMR II Regulation”) amended the SRM Regulation as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. This 
Regulation applies from 28 December 2020. The SRB and national resolution authorities should 
ensure that institutions and entities have sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity to 
ensure a smooth and fast absorption of losses and recapitalisation in the event of resolution, with a 
minimum impact on taxpayers and financial stability. That should be achieved through compliance by 
institutions with an institution-specific MREL as set out in Regulation (EU) No 806/2014. Among the 
new provisions are included the following: 
 
In order to align denominators that measure the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
institutions and entities with those provided for in the TLAC (Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity) 
standard, the MREL should be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount 
and of the total exposure measure of the relevant institution or entity, and institutions or 
entities should meet simultaneously the levels resulting from the two measurements. 
 
The SRB, after consulting the competent authorities, including the ECB, shall determine the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, subject to write-down and conversion 
powers, which are to be met at all times by the entities and groups when the conditions for the 
application are met. 
Capital Requirements/Supervision 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee issued two prudential framework documents (“Basel III: A 
global regulatory framework for more resilient credit institutions and banking systems”, and 
“Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring”) which 
contain the Basel III capital and liquidity reform package (“Basel III”). 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through the CRD IV Directive, which has 
been transposed into Greek legislation by the Greek Banking Legislation, as amended by Greek laws 
4799/2021, 4920/2022 and 4949/2022, and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRR” 
and together with the CRD IV Directive, “CRD IV”) which is legally binding and directly applicable 
in all Member States. Implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being 
phased in over a period of time, mainly until 2019. 
 
Some major points of the framework include:

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
• 
Quality and Quantity of Capital. CRD IV revised the definition of regulatory capital and its 
components at each capital instrument level. It also imposed a minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% 
and Tier 1 Ratio of 6.0%, and introduced a requirement for Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments “own funds” to have loss absorbing features allowing them to be written off or 
converted on the occurrence of a bail-in of the institution; 
• 
Capital Buffer Requirements. In addition to the minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% credit 
institutions will have to hold the following CET1 capital buffers as fixed by the relevant 
authorities: 
• 
A “Capital Conservation Buffer” of 2.5% that is applied gradually between 2016 and 
2019 with an annual step up of 0.625%. In case of non-compliance the regulator will 
impose the constraints on dividends distribution and executive bonuses inversely 
proportional to the level of the actual CET1 ratio. 
• 
A CCyB ranging between 0% and 2.5% depending on macroeconomic factors. This 
buffer is also applied gradually from 2016 to 2019 having a range of 0%–0.625% for 
2016, 0%–1.25% for 2017, 0%–1.875% for 2018 and 0%–2.5% for 2019. Bank of 
Greece specified the CCyB at 0% for Greece for all quarters of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020 and 2021 (the CCyB is currently set at 0% by the competent authorities of all 
countries in which the Group has significant exposures). 
• 
A “Systemic Risk Buffer” of at least 1% made up of CET1 instruments set at the 
discretion of national authorities of Member States to be applied to institutions at 
consolidated or solo level, or even at the level of exposures in certain countries at which 
a banking group operates. Bank of Greece has not used this macro-prudential 
instrument thus far. 
• 
A “Systemically Important Institutions Buffer” (“SIIs”). For globally systemically 
important institutions the additional buffer ranges between 1% and 3.5%, whereas for 
O-SIIs it could reach 2%. Bank of Greece specified a 0% capital buffer for 2016, 2017 
and 2018 for all four institutions in Greece that were characterized as O-SIIs (including 
the Bank). However, starting from 2019, a buffer of 1% was gradually phased in for the 
Bank during a five-year period (2019: 0.25%, 2020: 0.5%, 2021: 0.50%, 2022: 0,75%, 
2023: 1.00%). 
• 
Deductions from Common Equity Tier 1. CRD IV revised the definition of items that should be 
deducted from regulatory capital. In addition, most of the items that were required to be 
deducted from regulatory capital are now deducted in whole from the CET1 component; 
• 
Central Counterparties. To address the systemic risk arising from the interconnectedness of 
credit institutions and other financial institutions through the derivatives markets, the new 
framework is supporting the efforts of the committee on payments and settlement systems and 
International Organization of Securities Commissions (“IOSCO”) to establish strong standards 
for financial market infrastructures, including central counterparties (“CCPs”). A 2.0% 
risk-weight factor is introduced to certain trade exposures to qualifying CCPs (replacing the 
current 0% risk- weighting). The capitalisation of credit institution exposures to CCPs will be 
based in part on the compliance of the CCP with the IOSCO standards (since non-compliant 
CCPs will be treated as bilateral exposures and will not receive the preferential capital treatment 
referred to above); 
• 
Counterparty Credit Risk. CRD IV is raising counterparty credit risk management standards in 
a number of areas, including for the treatment of so called wrong-way risk, i.e., cases where the 
exposure increases when the credit quality of the counterparty deteriorates. For example, the 
proposal includes a capital charge for potential mark-to-market losses associated with a

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
deterioration in the creditworthiness of a counterparty (i.e. CVA risk) and the calculation of 
expected positive exposure by taking into account stressed parameters; 
• 
Leverage Ratio. CRD IV introduced an unweighted Tier I leverage ratio (the “Leverage 
Ratio”) that applies for all credit institutions as part of the Pillar II framework from 1 
January 2013.The ratio has migrated to a Pillar I minimum requirement now that CRR II (as 
defined below) has entered into force; 
• 
Liquidity Requirements.  CRR II defines the LCR and NSFR regulatory metrics for liquidity 
risk management and sets their minimum requirement at 100%. LCR defines the amount of 
unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that must be held by a credit institution to offset 
estimated net cash outflows over a 30-day stress scenario, and NSFR, defines the minimum 
required amount of stable funding that must be held by a credit institution in order to fund its 
assets over a one-year timeframe; and 
• 
Maximum Distributable Amount. Pursuant to Article 131 of the Greek Banking Legislation, 
the Bank may not make discretionary payments (as defined in the Greek Banking Legislation), 
beyond the Maximum Distributable Amount.  
It should be noted that Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amended Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards 
the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012. This Regulation applies from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions.  
In addition to CRD IV, the EBA produces a number of binding technical standards, guidelines and 
recommendations for its implementation. The EBA published on 21 November 2019 a set of 
roadmaps outlining its approach and timelines for delivering the mandates stemming from the above 
regulatory texts published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019. These mandates are mainly focused 
in the areas of governance and renumeration, large exposures, resolution as well as reporting and 
disclosure. 
Together with Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, 
(see below “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”) CRD IV forms the common financial 
regulatory framework in the EU, also known as ‘the Single Rulebook’. 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel III and 
CRD IV, there are several new global initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which represent 
additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and will impact the EU’s future regulatory 
direction. These initiatives include, among others, the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No 600/2014), applicable since 3 January 2018 and a revised Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) transposed into national legislation by Greek law 
4514/2018 published in Government Gazette Issue A No.14 of 30 January 2018.  
In addition, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for 
amendments to the CRR, CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (together, the “EC 
Proposals”), which proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process prior to formal 
approval of the final text by the European Council in May 2019. The final text was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. 
Among other things, these proposals aim to implement a number of new Basel standards (such as the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, market risk rules and requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities) and to transpose the Financial Stability Board’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity 
termsheet into European law. The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended by the 
publication of Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (the “CRD V Directive”) and the CRR has subsequently been amended by the publication of

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (“CRR 
II”). The CRD V Directive and the CRR II were both published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. EU Member States had to 
adopt and publish, by 28 December 2020, the measures necessary to comply with CRD V with certain 
exceptions. As of 18 May 2021, Greek law 4799/2021 came into force, transposing the CRD V 
Directive into Greek law. CRR II applies from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions. CRR II is 
directly applicable to the Bank.  
Solvency II 
As at 1 January 2016, Greek law 4364/2016 came into force, replacing the previously existing 
Presidential Decree 400/70 and establishing in Greece the new Solvency II framework as detailed in 
Directive 2009/138/EC, which is a fundamental revision of the capital adequacy regime for the 
European insurance sector business. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the 
BRRD, which establishes a harmonized framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms incorporated under the laws and licensed by the competent 
authorities of any of the Member States, relying on a network of national resolution authorities and 
resolution funds to resolve banks. Directive (EU) 2017/2399 (Directive 2017/2399), which was 
transposed into Greek law by Law 4583/2018 (published in the Government Gazette Issue A No. 
212/18.12.2018), amended BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy. The BRRD has been subsequently amended by the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “BRRD II”). Member States had 
to adopt and put into force the measures necessary to comply with BRRD II by 28 December 2020. 
As of 17 May 2021, with few exceptions, Greek law 4799/2021 came into force, transposing the 
BRRD II into Greek law. 
 
The BRR Law, as amended, inter alia, by Greek law 4799/2021, Greek law 4920/2022 and Greek 
law 5042/2023, and in particular Article 2 “Recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and other provisions”, the BRRD was transposed into Greek law and the Bank of 
Greece has been designated as the national resolution authority empowered to apply the resolution 
tools and exercise the resolution powers (the “National Resolution Authority”). the BRR Law 
provides, inter alia, for the following: 
(i) 
Preparation and planning stage: Preparation for adopting measures of recovery and 
resolution, including (a) drawing up and submitting recovery plans by credit institutions to the 
competent authority for evaluation, which provide the measures to be taken for restoring their 
financial position following a significant deterioration of their financial position and 
(b) drawing up of a resolution plan by the National Resolution Authority for each credit 
institution. 
 The Bank of Greece has specified the information to be included in the recovery plans. In particular, 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No 99/18.7.2016 clarifies the information to be 
provided in the recovery plans and provides qualitative and quantitative recovery plan 
indicators. Moreover, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No. 98/18.7.2016 specifies 
the range of scenarios to be used in recovery plans. 
(ii) 
Early Intervention stage: When the institution breaches its licensing and operational 
requirements or it is likely to breach them in the near future due to rapid deterioration of its 
financial condition, the BRR Law the competent authority shall have at its disposal at least the 
following:

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
a) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution updates the recovery plan 
and/or implement one or more of the measures provided in the recovery plan; 
b) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution examines the situation, 
identifies measures to overcome any problems identified and draws up an action plan 
to overcome those problems, within a specific timeline; 
c) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution convenes a general meeting 
of its shareholders or, in case the board of directors does not comply, promptly 
convenes itself a general meeting of the shareholders of the credit institution and in 
both cases sets the agenda and require certain decisions to be considered for adoption 
by the shareholders; 
d) 
requires that one or more members of the board of directors or senior management be 
removed or replaced if they are considered unsuitable to perform their duties; 
e) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution draws up and submits for 
consultation a plan for debt restructuring with one or all of its creditors according to 
the recovery plan, where applicable; 
f) 
requires the updating of the business strategy of the credit institution; 
g) 
requires changes in the legal or business structures of the credit institutions, and 
h) 
collects (through, inter alia, on-site inspections) and transmits to the National 
Resolution Authority all necessary information for the update of the resolution plan 
and the preparation of the potential resolution of the credit institution and the 
valuation of its assets and liabilities for the resolution purposes. 
(iii) 
Resolution measures: The SRB is the resolution authority for significant banking groups 
whose parent entity is located in the Banking Union. Together with national resolution 
authorities it forms the SRM. 
Where, pursuant to SRM Regulation, the SRB performs tasks and exercises powers which, 
pursuant to the BRRD, are to be performed or executed by the national resolution authority, 
the Board, shall, for the application of the SRM Regulation and of the BRRD, be considered 
to be the relevant national resolution authority or, in the event cross-border group resolution, 
the relevant group – level resolution authority. 
The SRB shall take action only if all of the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
the institution is failing or is likely to fail, 
(b) 
no alternative private sector measure, or supervisory action, including early 
intervention measures, would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable 
timeframe, and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
Before proceeding to resolution measures, the SRB shall ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic 
valuation of the assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out. 
The Board of Directors must notify immediately the ECB, as Competent Authority, in cases that an 
institution is failing or likely to fail. The EBA Guidelines on “the interpretation of the different

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
circumstances when an institution shall be considered as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications 
on the cases where an institution is assessed as “failing or likely to fail”.  
The resolution measures that may be implemented either individually or in conjunction (save for the 
asset separation tool, which may only be applied in conjunction with another resolution tool), are the 
following: 
• 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser who is not a bridge institution, of shares or other 
instruments of ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, 
namely rights, obligations and contractual relationships, without the consent of the 
shareholders of the institution under resolution or of any third party other than the acquirer. 
• 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution to which shares or other 
instruments of ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, 
 namely rights, obligations and contractual relationships, are transferred without the consent of 
the shareholders of the institution under resolution or of any third party. 
• 
Asset separation tool: transfer of assets, namely rights, obligations and contractual 
relationships, of an institution under resolution or of a bridge institution to one or more asset 
management companies, without the consent of the shareholders of the institutions under 
resolution or of any third party other than the bridge institution. The asset management 
companies are legal persons owned in total or partially or controlled by one or more 
authorities, including the Fund or the National Resolution Authority. 
• 
Bail in tool write-down or conversion of any obligations of an institution that meets the 
resolution conditions, except for the cases prescribed by BRRD. 
When using the bail-in tool, the relevant resolution authority must write down or convert obligations 
of the entity under resolution in the following order: 
(i) 
CET1;  
 
(ii) 
AT1 instruments;  
 
(iii) 
T2 instruments; 
 
(iv) 
other subordinated debt, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings; and  
 
(v) 
other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings.  
 
The above obligations do not include liabilities expressly excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool 
by operation of Article 44 of the BRR Law, including, inter alia, covered deposits and secured 
liabilities (including covered bonds). 
The ranking of liabilities in the case of special liquidation proceedings against a credit institution are 
provided for by Article 145A of the Greek Banking Legislation, as follows: 
(a) 
claims deriving from the provision of employment services and legal fees to the extent that 
the claims arose during the two years prior to the opening of special liquidation proceedings 
under the Greek Banking Legislation, as well as employees’ and in-house lawyers’ claims 
deriving from the termination of their employment/mandate, irrespective of the point at which 
such claims arose, claims of the Greek state for value added tax and other taxes aggregated 
with any surcharges and interest accrued, and claims of social security organizations;

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
(b) 
Greek State claims arising in case of application of internal Articles 57 or 58 of Article 2 of 
the BRR Law referring to financial stabilization tools; 
(c) 
claims deriving from guaranteed deposits or claims of the Hellenic Deposit and Investment 
Guarantee Fund (“HDIGF”), the latter assuming the depositors’ rights and obligations, who 
have been compensated by the HDIGF, and for the amount of such compensation or claims of 
the HDIGF due to the use of the Deposit Cover Scheme (“DCS”) in the context of resolution 
under Article 104 of BRR Law; 
(d) 
any type of Greek State claim aggregated with any surcharges and interest charged on these 
claims; 
(e) 
the following claims: 
(A) 
Claims of the Resolution Fund pursuant to internal Article 98, par. 6, of the BRR 
Law, in case of provision of financing to the institution in the context of the 
fulfilment of the obligations of the Resolution Fund, as per the specific provisions of 
internal Article 95, par. 2, of the BRR Law; and 
(B) 
Claims deriving from eligible deposits of natural persons and micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises to the extent that they exceed the coverage threshold for 
deposits pursuant to Article 9 of Law 4370/2016, and claims deriving from deposits 
of natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises that would be 
eligible deposits if such deposits have not been made through third country (non-EU) 
branches of EU credit institutions. 
(f) 
Claims deriving from investment services that are covered by the HDIGF within the meaning 
of Articles 12 and 13 of Law 4370/2016 or claims of the HDIGF, the latter assuming the 
rights and obligations of investor clients, who have been compensated by the HDIGF, and for 
the amount of such compensation; 
(g) 
claims deriving from eligible deposits to the extent that they exceed the coverage limit and do 
not fall under (e) above; 
(h) 
claims deriving from deposits exempted from compensation in accordance with Article 12 of 
Law 4370/2016, excluding claims deriving from transactions of investors for which a final 
court decision has been issued for a penal violation of AML/CTF rules; and   
(i) 
without prejudice to points j) and k) below, other claims that do not fall within the above 
listed points and are not subordinated claims as per the relevant agreement, including but not 
limited to, liabilities under loan agreements and other credit agreements, agreements for the 
supply of goods or for the provision of services or from derivatives, claims deriving from debt 
instruments issued by the credit institution, claims deriving from guarantees granted by the 
credit institution in relation to debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by 
paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have 
their registered seat in Greece or abroad, as well as claims of such subsidiaries, when their 
claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit institution in question, by 
virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments by the subsidiaries is on 
lent to or deposited with the relevant credit institution. In the case of such a deposit by such a 
subsidiary, this paragraph applies in relation to that part of the deposit for which subparagraph 
(c) of this paragraph does not apply. 
(j) 
claims deriving from debt instruments issued by the credit institution that meet the following 
conditions: (aa) the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one (1) 
year; (bb) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they are not themselves

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
derivatives, and the debt instruments are not considered to contain embedded derivatives 
solely on the basis that they have floating interest based on a widely used reference interest 
rate or on the basis that they are denominated in a foreign currency, provided that the 
principal, the repayment and the interest are in the same currency; and (cc) the relevant 
contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance and 
the distribution thereof explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for in the present 
point. In addition, this paragraph applies to claims deriving from guarantees granted by the 
credit institution in relation to debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by 
paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have 
their registered seat in Greece or abroad, that meet the above conditions under (aa) to (cc), as 
well as claims of such subsidiaries, when their claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement 
with the credit institution in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of 
debt instruments by the subsidiaries is on lent to or deposited with the relevant credit 
institution. In the case of such a deposit by such a subsidiary, the previous sentence applies in 
relation to that part of the deposit for which subparagraph (c) of this paragraph does not apply. 
(k) 
Claims deriving from subordinated debt instruments or Tier 2 instruments or hybrid securities 
or Additional Tier 1 instruments or preferential shares or common shares, common equity tier 
1 instruments issued by the credit institution, applying the different ranking between the 
different categories of claims that fall within this instance. In addition, this paragraph applies 
to claims deriving from guarantees granted by the credit institution in relation to debt 
instruments of lower ranking or hybrid securities or other securities included in the above 
categories issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 
4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have their registered seat in Greece or 
abroad, when such claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit institution 
in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments or hybrid 
securities or other securities included in the above categories issued by its subsidiaries. In the 
case of such a deposit by such a subsidiary, the previous sentence applies in relation to that 
part of the deposit for which subparagraph (c) of this paragraph does not apply.  
 
The claims under points (A) and (B) of case (e) above are satisfied pro rata. As for the rest, the 
provisions of Articles 975 to 978 of the Greek Code of Civil Procedure shall apply by way of analogy. 
Further to the above resolution tools, the SRB is entitled to decide on the exercise of the write-down 
or conversion powers in respect of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments, as well as eligible 
liabilities of the institution, either independently or in combination with the resolution tools, under the 
circumstances provided by the law, for example when it is established that the conditions for 
resolution are met or when the competent authority establishes that if the said power is not exercised, 
the institution will cease to be viable. If an institution meets the requirements for resolution and the 
SRB decides to implement a resolution tool, then the exercise of the above power is required. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the following EU Regulations have been issued: 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 specifies further the circumstances where 
exclusion from the application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary.  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1401 established regulatory technical standards 
for methodologies and principles on the valuation of liabilities arising from derivatives.  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/867 on classes of arrangements to be protected 
in a partial property transfer. 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 with regard to regulatory technical 
standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the MREL to be set by

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
resolution authorities in order to determine the loss absorption amount which the institution or 
group should be capable of absorbing. 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1075 regarding regulatory technical standards 
specifying the content of recovery plans, resolution plans and group resolution plans, the 
minimum criteria that the competent authority is to assess as regards recovery plans and group 
recovery plans, the conditions for group financial support, the requirements for independent 
valuers, the contractual recognition of write-down and conversion powers, the procedures and 
contents of notification requirements and of notice of suspension and the operational 
functioning of the resolution colleges. 
 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/911 provided implementing technical 
standards with regard to the form and the content of the description of group financial support 
agreements. In the same context Executive Committee Act 131/23.01.2018 of Bank of Greece 
specifies the conditions for the group financial support. 
Use of public funds in the context of the resolution framework 
In cases of an exceptional systemic crisis, extraordinary public financial support may be provided 
with respect to institutions meeting the conditions for resolution. Extraordinary public financial 
support is provided under strict conditions by virtue of a decision of the Greek Minister of Finance, 
following a recommendation of the Systemic Stability Board of the Greek Ministry of Finance and a 
consultation with the resolution authority, through public financial stabilisation tools as a last resort 
and only after having assessed and utilised, to the maximum extent, the other resolution tools, in order 
to avoid, through the direct intervention, the winding-up of the said institutions and in order for the 
resolution purposes to be accomplished. The public financial stabilisation tools are: 
a) 
public capital support provided by the Greek Ministry of Finance or by the HFSF following a 
decision by the Greek Minister of Finance; and 
b) 
temporary public ownership of the institution, i.e. the transfer of the shares of an institution to 
a transferee of the Hellenic Republic or a company which is fully owned and controlled by the 
Hellenic Republic. 
The following conditions must be cumulatively met in order for the public financial stabilisation tools 
to be implemented: 
a) 
the institution meets the conditions for resolution; 
b) 
the shareholders, owners of other instruments of ownership, holders of relevant capital 
instruments and other bail-inable liabilities have contributed, through conversion, write-down 
or by any other means, to the absorption of losses and the recapitalization by an amount equal 
to at least 8% of the total liabilities, including own funds of the institution under resolution, 
calculated at the time of the resolution action in accordance with the valuation conducted; and 
c) 
prior and final approval by the European Commission regarding the EU State aid framework 
for the use of the chosen tool has been granted. 
In addition to the above, for the provision of public financial support, one of the following conditions 
must be met: 
a) 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to avoid a significant adverse effect on 
the financial stability;

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
b) 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to protect the public interest, where 
extraordinary liquidity assistance from the central bank has previously been given to the 
institution; and 
c) 
in respect of the temporary public ownership tool, the application of the resolution tools would 
not suffice to protect the public interest, where public equity support through the equity 
support tool has previously been given to the institution. 
Use of public funds outside the resolution framework 
By way of exception, extraordinary public financial support may be granted to a credit institution in 
the form of an injection of own funds or purchase of capital instruments without the involvement of 
resolution measures, under the following cumulative conditions: 
• 
in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and preserve 
financial stability; 
• 
to a solvent credit institution in order to address a capital shortfall identified in a stress test, 
assets quality reviews or equivalent exercises; 
• 
at prices and on terms that do not confer an advantage upon the institution; 
• 
on a precautionary and temporary basis; 
• 
subject to final approval of the European Commission; 
• 
not to be used to offset losses that the institution has incurred or is likely to incur in the near 
future; 
• 
the credit institution has not infringed and there are no objective elements to support that the 
credit institution will, in the near future, infringe its authorization requirements in a way that 
would justify the withdrawal of its authorization; 
• 
the assets of the credit institution are not and there are no objective elements to support that the 
assets of the credit institution will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
• 
the credit institution is not and there are no objective elements to support that the credit 
institution will be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they fall due; and 
• 
the circumstances for the exercise of the write-down or conversion powers in respect of 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments of the institution do not apply. 
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments repealing MiFID I (“MiFID II”) was 
transposed into Greek law by Law 4514/2018, as amended, inter alia, by Greek law 4920/2022. 
MiFID II together with Regulation (EU) 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments (“MiFIR”) 
introduced the new framework on financial markets. Both documents aim to have more efficient, 
resilient and transparent markets. 
In particular, MiFID II introduced rules, inter alia, on high frequency trading, improves the 
transparency and oversight of financial markets, including derivatives markets, and addresses the 
issue of excessive price volatility in commodity derivatives markets. Furthermore, it expands 
supervision to all financial instruments admitted to trading, over-the-counter transactions and trading 
venues.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
MiFID II also enhanced investor protection by introducing new product governance requirements and 
more stringent organisational and business conduct requirements. 
MiFID II empowered the European Commission to adopt delegated and implementing acts to specify 
how competent authorities and market participants shall comply with the obligations laid down in the 
directive. 
The Greek Regulatory Framework 
The CRD IV framework, comprising CRD IV Directive (as transposed into Greek law by way of the 
Greek Banking Legislation) and the CRR on the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms establishes the regulatory framework which governs the operation and supervision 
of credit institutions in the European Union. The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended 
by the CRD V Directive and the CRR has subsequently been amended by the CRR II. The CRD V 
Directive and CRR II were both published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. CRR II is directly applicable to the Bank and applies 
from 28 June 2021, subject to certain exceptions. The Member States had to adopt and publish by 28 
December 2020 the measures necessary to comply with the CRD V Directive, with certain exceptions. 
As of 18 May 2021, Greek law 4799/2021 came into force, transposing the CRD V Directive into 
Greek law. 
The Greek Banking Legislation, as amended by Law 4799/2021 and subsequently by Law 4920/2022, 
Law 4949/2022 and Law 5036/2023, replaced Law 3601/2007. According to article 166 of Greek 
Banking Legislation, regulatory decisions issued by ministers or competent authorities by virtue of 
Greek law 3601/2007 remain in force as long as they are not contrary to the provisions of the Greek 
Banking Legislation or Regulation No. 575/2013/EC and until replaced by new regulatory acts under 
the Greek Banking Legislation. 
Under the current regulatory framework, credit institutions operating in Greece are, among others, 
required to: 
• 
observe the liquidity ratios prescribed by Regulation No. 575/2013/EC and relevant Acts of the 
Governor the Bank of Greece or the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece, to the extent 
that (according to article 166 of the Greek Banking Legislation) such acts are not contrary to 
the provisions of the Greek Banking Legislation or the CRR and until replaced by new 
regulatory acts issued under the Greek Banking Legislation; 
• 
observe the own funds requirements and calculation rules provided for by Regulation No. 
575/2013/EC and Decision no 114/1/4.8.2014 of the Credit and Insurance Committee 
Decisions as in force and Decision No. 125/31.10.2017, as amended by Decision No. 
191/1/23.07.2021 of the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece; 
• 
maintain efficient and independent internal audit, compliance and risk management systems 
and procedures (Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2577/2006, as supplemented and amended 
by subsequent decisions of the Governor of the Bank of Greece and of the Banking and Credit 
Committee of the Bank of Greece). The Monitoring Trustee mandate and the Relationship 
Framework Agreement also include provisions regarding the maintenance of such systems and 
procedures; 
• 
submit to the Bank of Greece periodic reports and statements required under Bank of Greece 
Governor Act No. 2651/2012, as amended and currently applicable, and other relevant Acts of 
the Governor of the Bank of Greece; 
• 
disclose data regarding the credit institution’s financial position and the risk management 
policy;

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
• 
provide the Bank of Greece any other information requested; 
• 
in connection with certain operations or activities, notify or request the prior approval of the 
Bank of Greece/SSM, in each case in accordance with the applicable laws of Greece and the 
relevant acts, decisions and circulars of the Bank of Greece and the European regulatory 
framework; and 
• 
permit the Bank of Greece to conduct audits and inspect books and records of the credit 
institution, in accordance with Greek law (including the Greek Banking Legislation) and 
certain Bank of Greece Governor’s Acts; 
If a credit institution breaches any law or a regulation falling within the scope of the supervisory 
power attributed to the Bank of Greece, the Bank of Greece is empowered, among others, to: 
• 
require the relevant bank to take appropriate measures to remedy the breach; 
• 
impose fines (article 55A of the Articles of Association of the Bank of Greece, as ratified by 
Law 2832/2000 and as amended by Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2602/2008), and 
provisions of the Greek Banking Legislation; and 
• 
revoke, in cooperation with the ECB according to Regulation 1024/2013, the license of the 
bank. 
In the context of the SSM, the ECB and the NCAs (the Bank of Greece in Greece), Regulation 
1024/2013 stipulates the supervisory tasks conferred upon the SSM and Regulation (EU) 468/2014 
determines the framework of cooperation within the SSM. 
The regulatory framework applicable to the Bank has been also affected by the establishment of the 
HFSF and the recapitalization framework. Moreover, Regulation (EU) 2016/445 specifies certain of 
the options and discretions conferred on competent authorities under Union law concerning prudential 
requirements for credit institutions that the ECB is exercising. The ECB on 28 March 2022 updated its 
harmonised policies for exercising the options and discretions that it is allowed to exercise under 
European Union law when supervising banks, following a public consultation which ended on 30 
August 2021. In this context, the abovementioned Regulation has been subsequently amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2022/504. Regulation (EU) 2016/445 was further specified by the Executive 
Committee of the Bank of Greece (Decision No. 125/31.10.2017 as amended by Decision No. 
191/1/23.07.2021). 
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund—The Greek Recapitalisation Framework 
Formation of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund 
The HFSF was established by Greek law 3864/2010 (the “HFSF Law”), as a private law entity, to 
which the provisions of the Corporate Law including, inter alia, with respect to voting rights, are 
applicable on an ancillary basis, with capital funded by the Greek government out of the resources 
made available by the EU and the IMF to ensure adequate capitalization of the Greek banking system. 
Additionally, Greek law 4389/2016 (article 188) prescribes HFSF as a subsidiary of Hellenic 
Corporation of Assets and Participations. It should be noted that Hellenic Corporation of Assets and 
Participations does not belong to the Greek public sector. A recent amendment of the HFSF Law by 
means of Greek law 4941/2022 has introduced significant changes to HFSF’s competencies. These 
changes include, indicatively, the addition of detailed provisions related to HFSF’s divestment 
strategy, the extension of the scope of the HFSF’s voting rights, as well as changes to the HFSF 
representative’s rights, some of which have been repealed and others amended.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
The purpose of the HFSF, according to the HFSF Law, is to maintain the stability of the Greek 
banking system for protection of the public interest and to effectively divest the shares or other 
financial instruments of credit institutions that it holds, on the basis of its divestment strategy which 
does not, in principle, extend further than its duration. The duration of the HFSF has been set until and 
including 31 December 2025. 
Relationship Framework Agreement 
Following the participation of the HFSF in the Bank’s share capital in 2013, the Bank and the HFSF 
entered into a relationship framework agreement in July 2013. In connection with its receipt of State 
Aid as part of its recapitalization in December 2015, the Bank entered into a revised relationship 
framework agreement with the HFS dated 3 December 2015 (hereinafter the “Relationship 
Framework Agreement”). The Relationship Framework Agreement replaced the initial relationship 
framework agreement entered into by the Bank and the HFS in July 2013.The Relationship 
Framework Agreement states that, subject to its provisions, the applicable law, and the charter 
documents, the Bank’s decision making bodies will determine independently, the Bank’s commercial 
strategy and policy and the decisions on the day-to-day operation of the Bank will continue to rest 
with the Bank’s competent bodies and officers, as the case may be, in accordance with their statutory, 
legal and fiduciary responsibilities.  
The Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes the appointment of the HFSF representative to the 
Board of Directors and the appointment of an observer (without voting rights) also participating at the 
Board of Directors. Additionally, as prescribed by the Relationship Framework Agreement, both the 
representative and the observer participate in the Board Committees. 
The HFSF Representative on the Board has all the rights and responsibilities that all Board members 
have according to general company and banking law. In addition to that, and pursuant to article 10 of 
HFSF Law, the HFSF Representative will also have the following special rights: 
(a) 
to veto any decision of the credit institution’s Board of Directors: 
(i) 
regarding the distribution of dividends and the benefits and bonus policy concerning 
the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Board of 
Directors, as well as whoever exercises general manager’s powers and their deputies 
for any credit institutions whose ratio of non-performing loans to total loans, as 
calculated in accordance with subsection g(ii), of paragraph 2 of Article 11 of 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/451, exceeds 10%, or; 
(ii) 
regarding a decision to amend the articles of association, including the increase or 
decrease of capital or the granting of relevant authority to the Board of Directors, 
merger, division, conversion, revival, extension or dissolution of the company, 
transfer of assets, including the sale of subsidiary or for any other issue for which an 
increased majority is required according to the provisions of Law 4548/2018 and 
which decision may significantly affect the participation of the HFSF in the share 
capital of the Bank; 
(b) 
to request an adjournment of any meeting of the credit institution’s Board of Directors for 
three (3) business days, until instructions are given by the HFSF’s Chief Executive Officer. 
Such right may be exercised by the end of the meeting of the credit institution’s Board of 
Directors; 
(c) 
to request that the Board of Directors of the credit institution is convened within the next 
seven (7) calendar days from the HFSF’s representative written request to the Chairman of the 
Board. The relevant request shall be addressed to the Chairman of the Board in writing and

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
include the proposed items on the agenda. If the Chairman of the Board does not proceed to 
the convocation of the Board within the above deadline or does not include all the proposed 
items in the invitation, then the HFSF representative shall be entitled to convoke the Board 
within five (5) days as of the expiry of the above seven (7) days period; 
 
Additionally, as per the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF representative has the right in 
Board Committees to request that the committee is convened within the next seven (7) days from the 
HFSF representatives’ written request to the Chairman of the committee. The relevant request shall 
include the proposed items of the agenda. If the Chairman of the committee does not proceed to the 
convocation of the committee within the above deadline or does not include all the proposed items in 
the invitation, then the HFSF representative shall be entitled to convene the committee within five 
(5) days as of the expiry of the above seven (7) days period.   
According to Article 28 of Greek law 4701/2020, HFSF and the financial institutions who participated 
in recapitalisation plans, or the beneficiary financial institutions that resulted from fully or partial 
carve-outs of banking operations in the context of Greek law 4601/2019 (corporate transformation 
law), may decide to extend the term of its auditors for a period not exceeding 10 years in total 
(according to Article 17 EU 537/2014 (L158)) provided that the General Meeting of the financial 
institution approves reasoned proposal of the Board of Directors, following the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee. In that context, following the positive assessment and proposal of the Audit 
Committee and subsequent relevant reasoned proposal of the Board of Directors to the 2022 Annual 
General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders in accordance with the aforementioned Article of Greek 
law 4701/2020, the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to 
undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2022. 
 
The Relationship Framework Agreement shall remain in force for as long as the HFSF holds either 
shares or other capital instruments at the Bank, irrespective of the percentage of its holding. 
The Relationship Framework Agreement is available at HFSF’s website https://hfsf.gr/en/legal-
framework/rfas/. The information on this website is not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Disposal of Shares 
The Board of Directors of the HFSF will decide on the way and procedure for disposing the shares or 
other financial instruments it may hold (the “Divestment Strategy”) as it deems appropriate, whether 
in a single transaction or a series of transactions, in compliance with Article 8 of the HFSF Law. The 
disposal of shares may not be made to any entity belonging directly or indirectly to the Hellenic 
Republic, in accordance with Greek law. 
The Board of Directors of the HFSF shall draw up a well-reasoned Divestment Strategy, which shall 
include the general program for the disposal of shares or other financial instruments of credit 
institutions held by the HFSF, as well as specific guidelines for any credit institution concerned, for 
which the relevant features of the HFSF’s shareholding in it shall be taken into account. The 
divestment strategy shall adhere to the principles of free competition and shall be governed, 
indicatively and not exhaustively, by the following principles: (a) the financial and operational 
viability of the credit institution, (b) the conditions of the market, the macroeconomic conditions and 
the conditions of the banking sector, (c) the reasonably expected consequences of the Divestment 
Strategy on the financial sector, market and the wider Greek economy, (d) the transparent action 
principle, (e) the necessity for a timeplan for the realisation of the Divestment Strategy, taking also 
into consideration the duration of the HFSF, (f) the need for disposal within a timely and reasonable 
timeframe, and (g) the necessity for the Greek financial sector to return to a purely private 
shareholding structure.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
The Board of Directors of the HFSF may consult with other institutions including with credit 
institutions on matters that relate to the Divestment Strategy, provided that the confidentiality of 
information is maintained and that the rules of inside information under current legislation are 
adhered to. In order to adopt a Divestment Strategy, the Board of Directors of the HFSF shall appoint 
an independent financial advisor of global reputation on relevant matters (the “divestment strategy 
advisor”) the drafting of the relevant report. The Divestment Strategy shall receive the previous 
consent of the Ministry of Finance, which may previously request the opinion of the Bank of Greece. 
The Divestment Strategy shall be kept up to date. 
In order to resolve on a disposal, the HFSF shall appoint an independent financial advisor of global 
reputation on relevant matters (the “disposal advisor”) for the provision of a report on the disposal. 
The capacity of divestment strategy advisor is mutually exclusive with the capacity of disposal 
advisor. The report of the disposal advisor for an intended disposal is made for each specific credit 
institution and is subject to minimum content requirements and is accompanied by a timeplan for the 
disposal. The disposal of the HFSF’s participation in each credit institution is carried out in 
accordance with the HFSF’s purposes.  
Without prejudice to the relevant provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and Greek 
law 4706/2020, the disposal may take place by a public offer or an offer to one or more specific 
investors or group of investors: (i) through an open contest or interest solicitation from selected 
investors; (ii) through exchange trade orders; (iii) by public offer of shares for cash or in exchange of 
other securities; and (iv) by book building.   
The HFSF may reduce its participation in credit institutions through a share capital increase of the 
credit institutions by waiving or disposing of its pre-emption rights. 
On January 11th, 2023, the HFSF announced the completion of the updating process for the 
Divestment Strategy, which was drawn up pursuant to Law 3864/2010, agreed upon by all interested 
parties and approved by the Ministry of Finance. The key points of the Divestment Strategy are 
available on HFSF’s website at  https://hfsf.gr/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Divestment-Strategy-
23_25-EN.pdf .  
 
Monitoring Trustee 
On 27 June 2022, the Bank’s Restructuring Plan approved by the European Commission in 2015, has 
been successfully completed underlining the end of the restructuring period. Information in respect of 
the Monitoring Trustee is included in “Management and Employees – Monitoring Trustee” above. 
Capital Controls 
As of 1 September 2019, the restrictions on cash withdrawals and capital transfers have been repealed 
by virtue of article 86 of Law 4624/2019. All relevant Ministerial Decisions and Decisions of the 
Committee for the approval of banking transactions that were adopted during the period that the 
restrictions on cash withdrawals and capital transfers were in force have been repealed by the 
abovementioned article of Law 4624/2019 as well. 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals under Greek law 4738/2020 (entry into force from 
1 March or 1 June 2021) 
Greek law 4738/2020 (the “Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law”) regulates 
the settlement of debts from its entry into force (1 March or 1 June 2021, depending on the applicable

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
provision). Greek laws 3869/2010 and 4605/2019 shall no longer apply, save for applications already 
filed. 
On 27 October 2020, Greek law 4738/2020 was published in the Official Government Gazette (Issue 
A/No.207/27.10.2020) consolidating the provisions of several statutes dealing with excessive 
indebtedness and debt settlement (such as Greek laws 4469/2017, 3869/2010, 3588/2007, 4605/2019 
and 4307/2014) into one comprehensive legal framework of expanded scope, with all existing tools 
for debt settlement consolidated, regardless of their subject (inter alia indebted households, protection 
of main residence and extrajudicial settlement mechanisms). Upon entry into force of Greek law 
4738/2020, (1.3.2021 or 1.6.2021, depending on the applicable provision), the provisions of the 
currently applicable Greek Bankruptcy Code (Greek law 3588/2007) are repealed (see also 
“Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral” below).  
Moreover, the ability to submit applications under the debt settlement schemes of Greek law 
3869/2010 and 4307/2014 will no longer be available but such laws will continue to govern 
procedures already opened under such provisions. 
Greek law 4738/2020 establishes a special regime for protecting main residences of eligible 
individuals considered to be vulnerable distressed debtors, which provides for a sale and lease back 
scheme for main residences and the establishment of a new organisation to implement the relevant 
process. The definition of vulnerable debtors is aligned with the criteria set out in Article 3 of Greek 
law 4472/2017 (i.e. the eligibility criteria for the provision of housing benefits, including, inter alia, 
an individual yearly income cap set at €9,600). The objective of the new framework is the liquidation 
of a debtor’s main residence for the purposes of debt settlement, without the vulnerable debtor having 
to relocate or definitively lose ownership of their asset. This is effected by the establishment of a Sale 
and Lease-Back private entity, contracting with the Greek State pursuant to a call for tenders of the 
latter.  
According to this scheme, in the event that a vulnerable debtor is declared insolvent or that 
enforcement proceedings regarding their main residence are initiated, the debtor may submit a request 
under the new regime, which then acquires ownership right over the debtor’s immovable property at 
market value price as determined by a certified valuator. In return, the new organisation shall lease the 
same property to the debtor for twelve (12) years for a set amount of monthly rent (to be determined 
primarily based on the applicable housing loans’ average interest rate). However, regarding the 
purchase price it should be noted that in case that the request is submitted in the context of an auction 
and the first offer price is significantly higher (15% or more) than the valuation price, then the 
purchase price shall be the lower of the first offer price and the price provided by a second 
independent evaluator. Should no third-party, holder of right in rem, pose any objections to the 
transfer, the Sale and Lease-Back Entity shall purchase the residence free of any encumbrance or 
claim. The debtor maintains their status as beneficiary of the aforementioned housing benefits of 
Greek law 4472/2017, which are now credited to the Sale and Lease-Back Entity as a partial payment 
of the relevant lease instalment. The lease shall be terminated in the event that the debtor has 
defaulted on three installments and remains in default for at least one month after relevant notice is 
served. The termination of the lease shall lead to the abolishment of the debtor’s buyback rights. It is 
further noted that the any rights of the debtor deriving from the lease are non-transferable, save for 
instances of universal succession. 
The debtor may be entitled to re-purchase the property at a price objectively determined under the 
provisions of the said Law upon fulfilment of their rental payment obligations. After full repayment 
by the debtor (at the end of the 12-year period or prior to that), they (or their successors) are entitled 
to exercise a buyback right. Pursuant to Ministerial Decision No. 81247 ΕΞ 2022/2022 of the Minister 
of Finance, the Ministry of Finance has resolved to carry out a tender by means of competitive 
dialogue, in the sense of Greek law 4413/2016, for entering into an agreement for the delegation of 
obligations and competencies of the Sale and Lease Back Entity of Greek law 4738/2020. The

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
buyback price shall be defined pursuant to a Decision of the Minister of Finance, in accordance with 
Article 225 of Greek law 4738/2020, yet to be issued. 
 
Non-performing loans and loans in arrears 
Pursuant to article 72 of Greek law 4389/2016 a governmental council for private debt management 
(the “Council”) has been created, whose objective is, among others:  
(a) 
to form and disclose the strategy and policies for the organization of an integrated mechanism 
for the effective administration of private debt, as well as to form and review an action plan 
with binding timetables for the implementation of the abovementioned strategy;  
(b) 
to identify weaknesses and propose amendments to the existing legal framework, both in terms 
of substance and procedure to enhance the effectiveness of private debt resolution issues, 
including the acceleration of the procedures relating to delayed loan repayment and the 
improvement of the legal framework governing the real estate market; 
(c) 
to define actions of public awareness for the purpose of directly and efficiently informing and 
supporting citizens and other interested parties with respect to taking decisions on the above 
matters; 
(d) 
to create a network for the provision of free consultancy services to individuals and legal 
entities on debt management and for planning of financial management awareness for 
households and SMEs;  
(e) 
to set any timetables required for the implementation of a strategic plan for the efficient 
management of private debt and monitor whether such timetables are respected. 
The Council provided a definition of “cooperating borrower” specifying when a borrower is classified 
as cooperating towards his/her lenders and assessed a methodology for determining “reasonable living 
expenses”. 
Moreover, Greek law 4389/2016 (article 78) provides for a specialised secretariat for private debt 
management responsible for a) supporting the governmental council’s for private debt management 
work, b) organizing and forming the policy for the provision of information and support to citizens 
interested in taking loans and to borrowers, as well as the financial education of households and 
small-medium enterprises, and c) business coordinating of the Steering Committee. Furthermore, 
Greek law 4389/2016 (article 81 as in force), also provides for 30 Borrowers’ Service Centers, as 
regional offices of the specialised secretariat for private debt management, responsible for informing 
and supporting natural and legal persons (households and small-medium enterprises) and providing 
financial, legal and consulting services regarding taking up loans, management of debts and in general 
financial management issues. By virtue of Article 3 of Greek law 4738/2020, access to the same 
Borrowers’ Service Centers is expanded to all natural persons not deriving income through business 
activities or freelance professional activity, in the sense of Articles 21 and 47 of Greek law 
4172/2013, which have been classified as medium or high insolvency risk, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 2 of Greek law 4738/2020.  
Additionally, Greek law 4224/2013, as in force, provides for the establishment, by virtue of a decision 
of the Bank of Greece, of a Code of Conduct for NPLs.  
Greek law 4224/2013, as in force, in conjunction with ministerial decision No.5921/2015, provides 
that the consumer ombudsman will act extra judicially as mediator solely for the amicable settlement 
of the dispute between lenders and borrowers for the purpose of settling non-accruing loans within the 
framework of the Code of Conduct for the management of non-accruing loans.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
In the implementation of the above the Bank of Greece has published regulatory framework 
concerning the management of loans in arrears and nonaccruing loans and specifically: 
 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee’s Act No 175/29.7.2020, as amended by Bank of Greece 
Executive Committee Act no. 206/03.06/2022, adopted EBA Guidelines on management of 
non-performing and forborne exposures. ‘Credit institutions with a NPL ratio below 5% on a 
solo or consolidated basis shall apply certain provisions of this Act.  
This Act imposes, among others, the following obligations on credit institutions: 
(a) 
Credit institutions should establish an NPE strategy to target a time-bound reduction of 
NPEs over a realistic but sufficiently ambitious time horizon (“NPE reduction 
targets”). The NPE strategy should lay out the credit institution’s approach and 
objectives regarding effective management to maximise recoveries and ultimately a 
reduction in NPE stocks in a clear, credible and feasible manner for each relevant 
portfolio; 
(b) 
The overarching strategy of a credit institution and its implementation should cover the 
NPE strategy and operational plan; 
(c) 
Credit institutions should establish dedicated NPE workout units (“NPE WUs”) that 
are independent from loan origination activities; 
(d) 
Credit institutions should set up different NPE WUs for the different phases of the 
NPE life cycle and also for different portfolios, if appropriate; 
(e) 
Homogeneous portfolios should be built up in order to tailor treatments specifically to 
NPEs. Credit institutions should consider designing customised processes for each 
portfolio, with a dedicated expert team taking ownership of each. NPE portfolios 
should be analysed with a high degree of granularity, resulting in clearly defined 
borrower subportfolios. For these analyses, credit institutions should develop 
appropriate management information systems (“MIS”) and sufficiently high data 
quality; 
(f) 
Effective and efficient internal control processes should be implemented for the NPE 
workout framework in order to ensure full alignment between the NPE strategy and 
operational plan on the one hand and the credit institution’s overall business strategy 
and risk appetite on the other hand; 
(g) 
Forbearance measures should aim to return the borrower to a sustainable performing 
repayment status, taking into account the amount due and minimising expected losses; 
(h) 
Credit institutions should monitor the repayment capacity of borrowers; 
(i) 
When granting forbearance measures to performing exposures, credit institutions 
should assess whether these measures lead to a need to reclassify the exposure as non-
performing. Granting forbearance measures to NPEs does not clear their non-
performing status; 
(j) 
Credit institutions should estimate loss allowances for NPEs and FBEs subject to 
impairment in accordance with the Bank of Greece Executive Committee’ s Act No 
150/3.10.2018 on credit risk management practices and accounting for expected credit 
losses;

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
(k) 
Key elements are provided for collateral valuation of immovable and movable 
property pledged for NPEs;  
(l) 
Regular reporting should be provided to the Board of Directors of each credit 
institutions and to the Bank of Greece. 
 
 
Decision No. 392/1/31.5.2021 of the Credit and Insurance Committee of the Bank of Greece, 
revised the Code of Conduct under Greek law 4224/2013 and repealed and replaced the relevant 
Decision of the Credit and Insurance Committee No. 195/1/29.7.2016 and Decision No. 
396/1/31.5.2021 of the Credit and Insurance Committee of the Bank of Greece governs the 
application of the Code of Conduct to debtors of credit institutions under special resolution and 
repealed and replaced the Decision of the Credit and Insurance Committee No. 221/2/17.3.2017.  
 
The provisions of this Code of Conduct shall apply to supervised institutions (including credit 
institutions, branches of foreign institutions, credit companies, microfinance institutions) that grant 
any type of loans or provide any type of credit or pursue the financial leasing activity in Greece. For 
the purpose of reaching forbearce or resolution and closure solutions, the Code of Conduct shall also 
apply to loans guaranteed by the Greek State, without prejudice to, in relation to the implementation 
of any solution reached, the Greek State’s consent, where such consent is required under the guarantee 
agreement. 
 
The Code of Conduct lays down general principles of conduct and introduces best practices aimed to 
foster trust, mutual commitment and exchange between borrowers and institutions of the necessary 
information so that each party can weigh the benefits of the consequences of alternative forbearance 
or resolution and closure solutions for loans in arrears, with the ultimate goal of selecting the most 
appropriate solution following case -by-case assessment.  
 
By its Executive Committee Act Decision No. 175/2/29.7.2020, as amended by Executive Committee 
Act Decision No. 206/1/03.06.2022, the Bank of Greece has provided guidelines to supervised entities 
on the design and evaluation of sustainable types of forebearance solutions, whose objective is the 
return of the borrower to a sustainable payment status, taking into account the outstanding amount of 
debt, while minimising the expected losses and ensuring compliance with the applicable consumer 
protections requirements. Indicative types of solutions were provided in the same Act, which are 
developed by taking into consideration the repayment capacity of each borrower (natural or legal 
person). For the purpose of this Code, an “appropriate solution” shall be considered to be one which 
ensures the supervised institutions compliance with its supervisory requirements and, at the same 
time, duly takes into consideration the borrower’s overall financial situation. If the parties fail to reach 
a mutually acceptable solution, then their dispute may be resolved through alternative dispute 
resolution mechanisms or mediation procedures or in and out of court debt restructuring procedures in 
accordance with EU and national legislation, or by the competent courts of law. 
 
The Code of Conduct requires, inter alia, the establishment of detailed written policies and 
procedures for loans in arrears with a categorisation classification including a detailed and 
documentary appeals review procedure and provisions on treatment of non-cooperating borrowers. 
Moreover, the establishment of detailed and documented communication policies and procedures are 
also required, dealing with, among others, the standardisation of the content of communications, the 
manner, timing, frequency and confidentiality of communications. For the purposes of the Code, any 
provision applying to a borrower in arrears shall also apply to the respective guarantor(s) of the debt. 
Each institution bound by the Code of Conduct shall demonstrate at any time to the Bank of Greece 
its compliance with the requirements of the Code of Conduct. 
In handling borrowers (natural persons and micro-enterprises) in arrears and in cases where 
indications of unlikeliness to pay exist, every institution shall apply an Arrears Resolution Procedure 
(the “ARP”) involving the following steps:

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
Step 1: Communication with the borrower 
 
Step 2: Collection of financial and other information from the borrower 
 
Step 3: Assessment of financial data 
 
Step 4: Proposal of appropriate solution 
 
Step 5: Appeals review procedure 
The Bank of Greece will not deal with individual cases of disputes between creditors and borrowers 
that may arise from the implementation of the Code of Conduct. 
It is noted that the following are excluded from the scope of the Arrears Resolution Procedure: 
 
Claims against a borrower not exceeding the amount of one thousand euro (€1,000) in the 
case of claims against borrowers which are natural persons; or the amount of five thousand 
euro (€5,000) in cases of borrowers which are legal persons/micro enterprises;  
 
Claims against enterprises/legal entities which do not consist of micro enterprises, namely, 
whose annual turnover in the last three tax years exceeded an average of one million euros 
(€1,000,000). 
Capital requirements for banks’non-performing loans 
On 9 April 2019, the Council adopted a new framework for dealing with banks' non-performing loans. 
The new rules set capital requirements applying to banks with NPLs on their balance sheets. On the 
basis of a common definition of NPLs, the proposed new rules introduce a "prudential backstop", i.e. 
common minimum loss coverage for the amount of money banks need to set aside to cover losses 
caused by future loans that turn non-performing. Different coverage requirements will apply 
depending on the classifications of the NPLs as "unsecured" or "secured" and whether the collateral is 
movable or immovable: 
Minimum coverage level (in %) 
After year 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
Secured 
by 
immovable collateral
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
70% 
80% 
85% 
100 
% 
Secured by 
movable collateral 
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
80% 
100% 
  
  
Unsecured 
0% 
35% 100% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Subsequently, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards 
minimum loss coverage for NPEs was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
Furthermore, according to the said Regulation by way of derogation from the new amended 
provisions of the Capital Requirements Regulation, institutions shall not deduct from CET1 items the 
applicable amount of insufficient coverage for NPEs where the exposure was originated prior to 26 
April 2019. Where the terms and conditions of an exposure which was originated prior to 26 April 
2019 are modified by the institution in a way that increases the institution's exposure to the obligor, 
the exposure shall be considered as having been originated on the date when the modification applies 
and shall cease to be subject to the derogation provided above.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the “CRR Quick Fix”) amended Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and 
(EU) No 2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. By this 
Regulation, the EU temporarily adapted banking rules in order to maximise the capacity of banks to 
lend money and support households and businesses to recover from the COVID-19 crisis. The 
targeted amendments concern, among others, changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks 
are required to hold for NPLs under the “prudential backstop”. In particular, the preferential treatment 
of NPLs guaranteed by export credit agencies will be extended to other public sector guarantors in the 
context of measures aimed at mitigating the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On the 20 March 2017, the ECB published final guidance on NPLs. The guidance outlined measures, 
processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The guidance 
called on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach 
regarding the problem of NPLs, including areas such as governance and risk management. The ECB 
did not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asked banks to devise a strategy that 
could include a range of policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales. 
The NPL guidance is non-binding in nature. However, banks should explain and substantiate any 
deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the SSM regular 
SREP and non-compliance may trigger supervisory measures. 
This guidance does not intend to substitute or supersede any applicable regulatory or accounting 
requirement or guidance from existing EU regulations or directives and their national transpositions or 
equivalent, or guidelines issued by the EBA. Instead, the guidance is a supervisory tool with the aim 
of clarifying the supervisory expectations regarding NPL identification, management, measurement 
and write-offs in areas where existing regulations, directives or guidelines are silent or lack 
specificity. Where binding laws, accounting rules and national regulations on the same topic exist, 
banks should comply with those. 
Moreover, on the 15 March 2018 the ECB published the addendum to the ECB Guidance to banks on 
NPLs. The addendum supplements the qualitative NPL guidance and specified the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. The addendum is non-binding and will 
serve as the basis for the supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB Banking 
Supervision. The addendum addresses loans classified as NPLs in line with the EBA’s definition after 
1 April 2018. In fact, the addendum sets out an expectation that, as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured 
NPLs will be fully covered after a period of two years from the date of their classification as NPLs. 
For example, the supervisor would expect a loan that is classified as an unsecured NPL on 1 May 
2018 to be fully provisioned for by May 2020. For new secured NPLs, a certain level of provisioning 
is expected after three years of classification as an NPL, or “NPL vintage”, which then increases over 
time until year seven. In this case, if a secured loan were classified as an NPL on 1 May 2018, the 
supervisor would expect this NPL to be at least 40% provisioned for by May 2021, and totally 
provisioned by May 2025. 
Furthermore, according to its press release dated 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its 
supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the “Addendum to the 
ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans” (the “Addendum”). The decision was made after 
taking into account the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements 
Regulation as regards minimum loss coverage for NPEs, that outlines the Pillar 1 treatment for NPEs. 
In order to make the treatment of NPEs more consistent, the following changes have been made to the 
supervisory expectations communicated in the ECB’s Addendum: 
 
the scope of the ECB’s supervisory expectations for new NPEs will be limited to NPEs 
arising from loans originated before 26 April 2019, which are not subject to Pillar 1 NPE 
treatment;

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
NPEs arising from loans originated from 26 April 2019 onwards will be subject to Pillar 1 
treatment, with the ECB paying close attention to the risks arising from them; and 
 
the relevant prudential provisioning time frames, the progressive path to full implementation 
and the split of secured exposures, as well as the treatment of NPEs guaranteed or insured by 
an official export credit agency, have been aligned with the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs set out 
in the EU regulation. 
All other aspects, including specific circumstances, which may make prudential provisioning 
expectations inappropriate for a specific portfolio/exposure, remain as described in the Addendum.  
Strategy to prevent a future build-up of NPLs across the European Union, as a result of the 
COVID-19 crisis 
The European Commission on 16 December 2020 presented a strategy to prevent a future build-up of 
NPLs across the European Union, as a result of the coronavirus crisis. In order to give Member States 
and the financial sector the necessary tools to address a rise of NPLs in the EU's banking sector early 
on, the Commission is proposing a series of actions, including among others: 
Further developing secondary markets for distressed assets: This will allow banks to move NPLs 
off their balance sheets, while ensuring further strengthened protection for debtors. A key step in 
process is the adoption of Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers and credit purchasers that 
harmonises the rules for credit servicers and credit purchasers of a creditor’s rights under a non-
performing credit agreement. The objective of these rules will be to support development of 
secondary markets for non-performing loans in the European Union, while ensuring the sale of such 
loans does not undermine borrowers’ rights. The Directive, which will become applicable by 30 
December 2023, had not yet been transposed into Greek law. The Commission sees merit in the 
establishment of a central electronic data hub at EU level in order to enhance market transparency. 
Such a hub would act as a data repository underpinning the NPL market in order to allow a better 
exchange of information between all actors involved (credit sellers, credit purchasers, credit servicers, 
asset management companies (“AMCs”) and private NPL platforms) so that NPLs are dealt with in an 
effective manner. On the basis of a public consultation, the Commission would explore several 
alternatives for establishing a data hub at European level and determine the best way forward. One of 
the options could be to establish the data hub by extending the remit of the existing European 
DataWarehouse (“ED”). In this context, the EU Commision launched a targeted consultation until 8 
September 2021 on improving transparency and efficiency in secondary markets for NPLs. 
Support the establishment and cooperation of national AMCs at EU level: The Commission 
stands ready to support Member States in setting up national AMCs – if they wish to do so – and 
would explore how cooperation could be fostered by establishing an EU network of national AMCs. 
While national AMCs are valuable because they benefit from domestic expertise, an EU network of 
national AMCs could enable national entities to exchange best practices, enforce data and 
transparency standards and better coordinate actions. The network of AMCs could furthermore use 
the data hub to coordinate and cooperate with each other in order to share information on investors, 
debtors and servicers. Accessing information on NPL markets will require that all relevant data 
protection rules regarding debtors are respected. 
ECB and EBA guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs 
On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs.The 
Guidelines, which apply from 30 June 2019 are developed in accordance with the European Council 
Action Plan and aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks 
in place to manage effectively their NPEs and to achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance 
sheets. To this end, the Guidelines require institutions to establish NPE reduction strategies and 
introduce governance and operational requirements to support them. In particular, the Guidelines

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
specify that institutions should grant forbearance measures only with the view to return the borrower 
to a sustainable performing repayment status. Moreover, the Guidelines introduce a threshold of 5% 
of gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing NPE strategies and applying associated governance and 
operational arrangements. Finally, the Guidelines outline requirements for competent authorities' 
assessment of credit institutions' NPE management activity as part of the SREP. The EBA Guidelines 
on management of NPEs and FBEs of 31 October 2018 were adopted by the Bank of Greece by virtue 
of Act No 175/2/29.7.2020 of its Executive Committee.  
Further to the above and in the context of the financial turmoil triggered by the COVID-19 outbreak, 
it has been decided that banks should be supported as they provide solutions to viable but distressed 
customers. Such support did not refer to stock of NPLs accumulated prior to the outbreak. 
More specifically, in relation to all exposures that will benefit from government guarantees issued by 
Member States in the context of public interventions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB, 
within its own remit, and within the context of the ECB Guidance on NPLs and the Addendum, 
extended flexibility on the automatic classification of obligors as unlikely to pay, when institutions 
call on the COVID-19 related public guarantees, as allowed under the Guidelines on the application of 
the definition of default issued by the European Banking Authority. 
The preferential treatment foreseen for NPLs guaranteed or insured by Official Export Credit 
Agencies was extended to non-performing exposures that benefit from guarantees granted by national 
governments or other public entities. This ensures alignment with the treatment provided in the CRR 
Quick Fix. Concretely, this means that banks would face a 0% minimum coverage expectation for the 
first seven years of the NPE vintage count. 
The ECB also extended flexibility to the NPL classification of exposures covered by qualifying 
legislative and non-legislative moratoria, following the EBA guidelines on legislative and non-
legislative moratoria on loan repayments applied in the light of the COVID-19 crisis. The EBA 
Guidelines on legislative and non-legislative loan repayments moratoria were published on 2 April 
2020 to ensure that banks, while maintaining comparable metrics, would be able to grant payment 
holidays to customers avoiding the automatic classification of exposures under the definition of 
forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring However, it should be noted that these 
guidelines were initially applicable until 30 September 2020. On 2 December 2020, the EBA 
announced that it has decided to reactivate its Guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria. 
This reactivation will ensure that loans, which had previously not benefitted from payment moratoria, 
can also benefit from them. The role of banks to ensure the continued flow of lending to clients 
remains of utmost importance and with the reactivation of these Guidelines, the EBA recognises the 
exceptional circumstances of the second COVID-19 wave. The EBA revised Guidelines, which will 
apply until 31 March 2021, include additional safeguards against the risk of an undue increase in 
unrecognised losses on banks’ balance sheet. 
Guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs 
On 17 December 2018, the EBA published the final guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs. Such 
disclosure shall allow the market participants and interested parties to have a clearer picture of the 
quality of the banks’ assets, NPEs’ and FBEs’ main features and, in cases of troubled banks, the 
distribution of their problematic assets and the value of the collaterals backing such assets. The 
Guidelines include a group of common standards applicable to any bank and another group of 
additional standards applicable to significant credit institutions with gross NPL ratio at 5% or higher. 
Asset protection scheme (“Hercules and Hercules 2”) for banks in Greece 
On 10 October 2019, the European Commission announced that it has found Greek plans aimed at 
supporting the reduction of NPLs of Greek banks to be free of any State aid. The Commission found 
that, under the asset protection scheme (known by the name of “Hercules”), the Greek State will be

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
remunerated in line with market conditions for the risk it will assume by granting a guarantee on 
securitised NPLs. The asset protection scheme is designed to assist banks in securitising and moving 
NPLs off their balance sheets. Under the scheme, an individually managed, private securitisation 
vehicle will buy NPLs from the bank and sell notes to investors. The State will provide a public 
guarantee for the senior, less risky notes of the securitisation vehicle. In exchange, the State will 
receive remuneration at market terms. 
Greek law 4649/2019, as amended by Greek law 4818/2021 (“Hercules”) provides the terms and 
conditions under which the State guarantee may be provided in the context of NPL securitisation by 
credit institutions under the asset protection scheme. This law provides for the conditions under which 
the securitisation must be implemented in order to qualify for the provision of the State guarantee, in 
line with decision no. C (2019)7309 of the European Commission (the “Initial Decision”). Such 
conditions include, inter alia, that the notes to be issued in the context of the securitisation must 
include at least senior and junior notes and the price paid to the Greek banks for the sale and transfer 
of NPLs cannot exceed their aggregate net book value. The Greek State guarantee will be provided in 
favour of senior notes for the full repayment of principal and interest thereunder throughout the term 
of the notes. The aggregate commitment of the Greek State under the new law amounts to € 12 
billion. Applications for the provision of the Greek State guarantee may be filed by credit institutions, 
either in the context of securitisations that have already been implemented or for securitisations that 
are currently in the process of implementation exclusively within 18 months as of the publication date 
of the decision of the European Commission on the asset protection scheme programme of Law 
4649/2019. By decision of the Minister of Finance, issued pursuant to the relevant decision of the 
European Commission, the period during which the guarantee may be granted may be extended and 
the terms governing the grant of such guarantee may be amended for the future. The asset protection 
scheme (known by the name of ‘Hercules’) was approved by the Commission in October 2019, for an 
initial duration of 18 months. Greece notified the Commission of its plan to prolong the scheme for 
another 18 months, until October 2022. Such extension of the Hercules scheme (“Hercules 2”) 
entered into force by virtue of Ministerial Decision 45191/13.4.2021. The aggregate commitment 
under Hercules 2 amounts to an additional €12 billion. Under the Extension framework, applications 
for the provision of the Greek State guarantee may be filed exclusively within 18 months as of the 
publication of decision C (2021) 2545 (the “Extension Decision”) of the European Commission on 9 
April 2021. The provision of the Greek State guarantee is governed inter alia by the provisions of the 
Initial Decision and the Extension Decision. 
The Greek State guarantee becomes effective upon (i) transfer through sale against positive value, of 
at least 50% plus one of the issued junior notes to private investors and of such number of junior 
notes, and (if issued) mezzanine notes that allows the derecognition of the securitised receivables, (ii) 
rating of the senior tranche of the notes being rated at no less than BB- by an External Credit 
Assessment Institution (as defined in point (98) of Article 4(1) of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation) and (iii) assignment of the administration of the securitised NPL portfolio to an 
independent special purpose vehicle. If the State guarantee has not become effective within 12 months 
as of the publication of the respective Ministerial Decision granting the guarantee, then such decision 
ceases automatically to be in force and the amount of the guarantee is released. There can be no new 
application for the same securitisation before the lapse of six months. Certain ministerial decisions 
have been issued to set out the details for the implementation of the aforementioned law. 
Framework for the management and transfer of claims 
Articles 1-3A of Greek law 4354/2015, as amended and in force, as well as Executive Committee Act 
118/19.5.2017 as amended and in force establish the framework for the management and transfer of 
claims from loans that can include non-accruing loans and set the requirements for the operation of 
loan management companies and loan transfer companies. Certain loan categories had been 
temporarily excluded from the scope of the permitted sale and transfer until 31 December 2017; in

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
particular, such exclusion includes loan agreements with mortgage or prenotation of mortgage on first 
residence of an objective value of up to EUR 140,000. 
Bank of Greece’s Executive Committee Act no 118/19.5.2017, as in force, includes among others 
provisions regarding banning of management of claims against natural and/or legal person who 
maintain a “special relationship” with the aforementioned companies and the obligation of the said 
companies to cooperate with accredited data collection and processing entities with regard to the 
economic behavior and the creditworthiness of debtors. 
The management of claims from loans and credit granted by credit or financial institutions shall be 
undertaken, exclusively by Sociétés Anonymes having their registered offices: 
(a) 
in Greece; or 
(b) 
in another EEA Member State, which have established a branch in Greece and have the 
aforementioned business activities in their scope. 
Bank of Greece is the competent authority for the issuance of the respective license for such 
companies. 
Furthermore, the aforementioned companies, following a relevant authorization by Bank of Greece, 
may grant loans or credit to debtors whose loans and/or credit have been managed by them, aiming 
exclusively at the refinancing of the debtors’ loans or the restructuring of the debtor business on the 
basis of a restructuring plan agreed between the parties and under the consent of the claims’ owner. 
In relation to the agreements for the assignment of claims’ management from non-accruing loans, 
Greek law 4354/2015 lays down that non-accruing loans management companies may undertake the 
management of claims from loans and/or credit, which have been granted or are granted by credit or 
financial institutions. Said management companies are entitled to initiate any legal proceedings and to 
proceed with any other judicial measures for the collection of claims. 
The transfer of claims from credits and loans granted by credit or financial institutions can take place 
only through sale, under relevant written agreement, in accordance with the provisions in article 3 of 
Greek law 4354/2015, as in force, and only to: 
(a) 
limited liability companies that according to their articles of association are allowed to engage 
in acquiring claims from loans and credits and they are seated in Greece and are also 
registered in General Commercial Registry (“GEMI”); 
(b) 
companies that are seated in the EEA and according to their articles of association are allowed 
to engage in in acquiring claims from loans and credits and subject to the provisions of the 
European Union legislation; and 
(c) 
companies that are seated in third countries, and according to their articles of association are 
allowed to engage in acquiring claims from loans and credits, subject to the provisions of the 
European Union legislation and have the discretion to be located in Greece through a branch 
under certain conditions. 
A necessary condition in order for the claims of the credit or financial institutions from non-
performing loans to be offered for sale, is the extrajudicial invitation of the borrower and the 
guarantor, if the borrower is considered a consumer, within twelve (12) months prior to the offer to 
arrange its obligations on the basis of a written offer for an appropriate arrangement with specific 
payment terms according also to the provision of the Code of Conduct of Law 4224/2013. Disputed or 
adjudicated claims as well as claims against non-cooperative borrowers, are excluded from the above-
mentioned condition. 
Furthermore, by virtue of article 48 of Greek law 4472/2017 certain provisions of Greek law 
4354/2015 were amended. In line with the new provisions, the credit servicing firms are also allowed 
to manage the property that was offered as collateral for the respective loans and credits and has been

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
transferred to the beneficiary of the claim. However, these firms are not allowed to acquire, via 
transfer or assignment or voluntary sale or auction, any property related to the loans and credits 
serviced by them. Also, the new assignee, upon transfer of claims from NPLs, continues the procedure 
of the Code of Conduct of Law 4224/2013 from where it was stopped before the transfer. 
Settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State 
Ministerial Decision 2/94253/0025, published on 31 December 2018 and with effect one month after 
its publication, set the terms and conditions for the settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State 
pursuant to article 103 of Greek law 4549/2018. Specifically, according to article 103 of Greek law 
4549/2018 and the said Decision, credit institutions and borrowers, natural persons and businesses, 
may proceed with settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State, without the intervention of the 
Greek State, according to the ordinary banking criteria, on the basis of increasing the probability of 
repayment of the loan by the borrower. The settlement of the aforementioned loans is concluded 
under specific terms and conditions specified in the Ministerial Decision, but without any increase in 
the liability of the Greek State under the guarantee. 
The out-of-court debt settlement process pursuant to Greek law 4738/2020 (entry into force from 1 
June 2021) 
The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law, in force from 1 June 2021, the 
provisions of which are further specified by means of the Joint Ministerial Decision No. 
4027ΕΞ2022/2022, establishes a new Out-of-Court Debt Settlement mechanism (which replaces the 
procedure of Greek law 4469/2017).  
Within the context of the out-of-court debt settlement process provided for by Greek law 4738/2020, 
as amended by Law 5024/2023, individuals or legal entities, eligible to be declared insolvent, as well 
as private legal entities who may not pursue an economic goal but engage in economic activity, may 
apply for extrajudicial settlement of their monetary liabilities to the Greek State or financial 
institutions and social security institutions provided they do not fall under certain exemptions (e.g. the 
total of the debtor’s liability to financial institutions, the Greek State and social security institutions 
does not exceed the amount of ten thousand (10,000) euros). The creditors may reject the said 
invitation, provided that such rejection is justified. The creditors may accept said invitation at their 
sole discretion. It is noted that entities falling outside the scope of said law, such as investment service 
providers, mutual funds, credit and (re-)insurance institutions may not apply as debtors for this out-of-
court settlement. The process may also be initiated by creditors with an invitation to debtor(s) to apply 
within 45 days. Out-of-court settlement applications and relevant creditor invitations will be filed 
digitally to the Special Secretariat for the Administration of Private Debt through the electronic 
platform of the Special Private Debt Management Secretariat (“EGDICH”). 
With respect to the filing of an out-of-court settlement application, so long as the process is not 
terminated, the procedure of Code of Conduct for NPLs, as well as any enforcement actions and 
measures, pending or not, are automatically suspended. The approval of the debt restructuring 
proposal requires the debtor's consent and the formation of a majority of 3/5 of participating creditors 
– financial institutions (in terms of nominal debt value), which includes 2/5 of participating creditors 
with special privilege. If the agreement concerns a loan secured with the debtor’s main residence, then 
a subsidy (up to an amount of €210) may be granted for instalments due for a period of five years 
commencing on the date of submission of the application under certain conditions, including, inter 
alia, a de minims provision regarding the amounts owed to the Greek State and Social Security 
Institutions (set at €20,000), as well as a cap to the amounts owed to each creditor (set at €135,000 for 
individuals and a maximum of €215,000 per household). Should a debt settlement agreement not be 
signed by the debtor and the participating creditors within two months of the application submission 
date, the application will be rejected. The debt settlement agreement can be terminated by any creditor 
whose claims are covered by the settlement if the debtor is in default for an aggregate amount equal

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
either to three payment instalments or 3% of the total amount due under the settlement agreement. 
Termination of the debt settlement agreement will result in the reinstatement of the debtor’s liabilities 
to the terminating creditor to the pre-settlement debt amount after the deduction of any amount 
already paid under the settlement to that date but will not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
settlement agreement vis-à-vis other covered creditors.  
Finally, Article 30 of Greek law 4738/2020 provides the ability for credit institutions to establish 
common policies regarding (indicatively) the conditions of processing and approval of applications, a 
procedure of automated processing, the establishing of notification mechanisms for clients susceptible 
to financial hardship etc.. 
Early warning mechanism and borrowers’ service centers (entry into force from 1 June 2021) 
The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law, in force from 1 June 2021, the 
provisions of which are further specified by means of the Joint Ministerial Decision No. 
4027ΕΞ2022/2022, introduces an early warning electronic mechanism, supervised by the Special 
Secretariat for Private Debt Administration of Ministry of Finance, in which debtors who apply are 
classified in three risk levels (low, medium and high). If a debtor has been classified as of medium or 
high risk and is a natural person, then depending on their profession or business activity, they can 
contact either the competent Borrower Service Centers (if they don’t earn income from said business 
or freelance activity) or the relevant Professional Chambers and Associations (if they earn income 
from said business or freelance activity), so that the debtor may receive free, specialized advice 
relating to the status of their debts and the possible options for settling them under the Greek law 
4738/2020.  
 
Settlement of business debts 
Settlement of business debts under Greek law 4738/2020 
Greek law 4738/2020 has replaced Greek law 4307/2014 by integrating the latter’s provisions on the 
power of the liquidator to conduct a public tender for the sale of the (totality of) assets/sectors of the 
business to its framework. The expediated liquidation process is followed pursuant to a relevant 
decision of the bankruptcy court on the liquidation of the business or individual operational units. 
Pursuant to the new framework, there is no capacity to submit new applications in accordance with 
Articles 68-77 of Greek law 4307/2014, which will, however, remain into force, for procedures 
opened before the entry of Greek law 4738/2020 into force. Extraordinarily, if the creditors’ meeting 
so decides (in the context of a special administration) the process will be able to continue under the 
provisions of Greek law 4738/2020 being applied by means of analogy. 
The main differences between the previously applicable and the new expediated liquidation process 
are the following:  
a. 
A notary public is hired to conduct the auction. 
b. 
The auction is carried out electronically (namely, through the e-auction platform). 
c. 
The creditors’ meeting has a more important role, as it approves the liquidator’s choice to 
liquidate one or more business sectors or separate assets. It may provide its approval subject 
to specific conditions (e.g. an amelioration of the proposed sale price). 
In the event that individual assets are liquidated, it is also the objective of Greek law 4738/2020 to 
expediate the process. In particular, although the procedural aspects are the same as those of Greek 
Code of Civil Procedure, it is noted that there is no legal remedy that can be used to challenge the 
initial offering price set by independent evaluators.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
Interest Rates 
Under Greek law interest rates applicable to bank loans are not subject to a legal maximum, but they 
must comply with certain requirements intended to ensure clarity and transparency, including with 
regard to their readjustments. Specifically, Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2501/31.10.2002 
and Decision No. 178/19.7.2004 of the Banking and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece provide 
that credit institutions operating in Greece should, among others, determine their interest rates in the 
context of the open market and free competition rules, taking into consideration the risks undertaken 
on a case-by-case basis, as well as potential changes in the financial conditions and data and 
information specifically provided by parties for this purpose. 
Limitations apply to the compounding of interest under Greek law. In particular, the compounding of 
interest with respect to bank loans and credits only applies if the relevant agreement so provides and is 
subject to limitations that apply under article 30 of Greek law 2789/2000 as in force and article 39 of 
Greek law 3259/2004, as in force. Greek credit institutions must also apply article 150 of the Greek 
Banking Legislation on interest rates of loans and other credits pursuant to which credit institutions 
are precluded from recognising on an accrual basis interest on loans or other credits extended, in any 
form, after the lapse of a time period during which recognised interest on loans or other credits 
remains overdue, which may not exceed six (6) months with respect to loans to natural persons fully 
secured by real estate and three (3) months with respect to debts from other credits. After the expiry of 
the above time period, they shall only be allowed to carry out non-accounting calculation of interest, 
including any default and compound interest, where allowed, which shall be entered in accounting 
records if and when collected. 
Moreover, according to Article 150, paragraph 2, of the Greek Banking Legislation it is prohibited to 
grant new loans for the repayment of overdue interest or to enter into debt settlement having a similar 
result, unless such actions are taken in the context of an agreement for the settlement of the entirety of 
the debts of the borrower, which shall be based on a detailed examination of the borrower’s capacity 
to fulfil the undertaken obligations under specific time frames. Credit institutions based in Greece 
may not capitalise interest unless this is provided for in the original medium- to long-term financing 
agreement or in the overall agreement for the settlement of the entirety of the debts of the borrower 
referred to herein above. Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2393/15.7.96 provides that default 
interest applied by credit institutions shall not exceed the aggregate applicable contractual interest 
more than a maximum percentage of 2.5% annually. 
Secured Lending 
According to article 11 of the Greek Banking Legislation, among the activities that Greek credit 
institutions are permitted to engage is lending including, inter alia: consumer credit, credit agreements 
relating to immovable property, factoring, with or without recourse, financing of commercial 
transactions (including forfeiting). 
The provisions of legislative decree 17.7/13.08.1923 regulate issues regarding the granting of loans 
secured by in rem rights and Greek law 3301/2004 regulates issues regarding financial collateral 
arrangements. 
Mortgage lending is extended mostly on the basis of mortgage pre-notations, which are less expensive 
and easier to record than mortgages and may be converted into full mortgages upon final non-
appealable court judgment. 
European Directive 2014/17/EU on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable 
property lays down a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions of Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers 
secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property, including an 
obligation to carry out a creditworthiness assessment before granting a credit, as a basis for the

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
development of effective underwriting standards in relation to residential immovable property in 
Member States, and for certain prudential and supervisory requirements, including for the 
establishment and supervision of credit intermediaries, appointed representatives and non-credit 
institutions. In Greece, the aforementioned Directive has been transposed into Greek legislation by 
virtue of Greek law 4438/2016 (published in Government Gazette 220/A/28.11.2016). The main 
provisions of Greek law 4438/2016, include among others, consumer information requirements, 
principle based rules and standards for the performance of services (e.g. conduct of business 
obligations, competence and knowledge requirements for staff), a consumer creditworthiness 
assessment obligation, provisions on early repayment, provisions on foreign currency loans, 
provisions on tying practices, some high-level principles and a passport for credit intermediaries who 
meet the admission requirements in their home EU member state. 
Compulsory Deposits with the Bank of Greece 
As of 26 June 2021, according to ECB Regulation 2021/378 on the application of minimum reserve 
requirements, minimum reserves held by credit institutions shall be calculated using the following 
reserve ratios for each of the liabilities of the reserve base: 
a) 
a reserve ratio of 0% shall apply to the following categories referred to in Part 2 of Annex II 
to Regulation (EU) 2021/379 (ECB/2021/2): 
i. 
deposits which fulfil one of the following conditions: 
 
 • 
have an agreed maturity over two years; 
 
 • 
are redeemable at notice over two years; and 
 
 • 
are repurchase agreements (repos); and 
ii. debt securities issued with an original maturity over two years; and 
b) 
a reserve ratio of 1% on all other liabilities included in the reserve base. 
 
This commitment ratio applies to all credit institutions in Greece.  
Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral 
Moreover, with respect to out-of-court debt settlement mechanism regulated by Greek law 4738/2020, 
as in force, any individual and collective enforcement measures against the debtor, pending or not, 
regarding claims the settlement of which is pursued through this mechanism, are automatically 
suspended following the execution of a debt settlement agreement. The suspension commences from 
the final submission of the debtor’s application to initiate the process, however, any auction that has 
been scheduled within three months following the debtor’s application will not be covered by the 
suspension. Any preparatory action taken by a secured creditor with a view to conducting an auction 
will also not be affected by the suspension. 
Constraints on enforcement of granted collateral were further lifted by the commencement of 
electronic auctions by virtue of Greek law 4472/2017. The first electronic auction took place in 
November 2017. Though Greek law 4472/2017 amended Article 959 of Civil Procedure Code and 
introduced electronic auctions, Greek law 4512/2018 (Article 208) imposed that all auctions shall be 
performed only electronically from 21 February 2018, except for auctions that shall be performed 
under the Code of Collecting Public Revenue where the aforementioned apply from 1 May 2018. The 
e-auction platform is also used for any liquidation proceedings conducted under the new Greek law 
4738/2020. Article 168 paragraph 2 of Greek Penal Code, as in force, further provides that it is a

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
criminal action for anyone to cause interruption or disruption of the proper conduct of the service or 
auction.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
THE MORTGAGE AND HOUSING MARKET IN GREECE 
The size of the Greek mortgage market has grown rapidly from a relatively low percentage of GDP, 
partly due to the process of convergence of the Greek economy to achieve integration into the 
European Monetary Union. The residential mortgage market had grew by an average annual growth 
rate of 23.8% between 2000 and 2010, but this expansion was hindered during the Greek financial 
crisis and hasn’t picked up ever since (-3.0%, on average, in 2011-2022), due to limited new lending 
and high repayments of existing loans. At the end of 2016, the four largest lenders in the Greek 
residential mortgage market were the NBG, Alpha Bank, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank, together 
accounting for almost 100 per cent. of the total market. 
Mortgage Products 
Currently, all banks offer the following mortgage products: 
 
long-term fixed rate mortgages; 
 
floating rate mortgages, based on the EURIBOR 3 months or 1 month, depending on the bank;  
 
mortgages with a fixed rate for an initial period (for example 5, 10, 15 or 20 years) converting 
to a floating rate thereafter. At the expiry of the initial period, most banks also offer customers 
the option to choose one of the then applicable fixed rates; 
 
“green” mortgages with interest rate discount, regarding purchase/construction of an energy-
upgraded residence; and   
 
preferential floating rate mortgages granted in favour of the banks’ employees;  
Typically, mortgage loans have a term of 15 to 30 years, with a maximum term of 40 years.  
The Greek Housing Market 
Traditionally, real estate has been the primary savings vehicle for Greek households, representing by 
now a large share of household wealth. This implies a relatively low turnover in the market, which is 
enhanced due to culturally strong family ties, which makes a virtue of children remaining in their 
parents' house until they get married and purchase a house of their own, as well as because there is 
virtually no buy-to-let market in Greece. As a result, owner occupancy is one of the highest in the EU 
although it tends to be overstated due to many people owning family houses in villages in which their 
family used to live before migrating to the cities. Within Greece, home ownership is highest in the 
regions and lowest in Athens, as would be expected. Second home ownership is also very high. 
It is worth noting the revival in residential investment, which recorded a solid increase of 22.8% year-
on-year in 2018, for the first time since 2007. The strong growth momentum continued in the 2019-2022 
period, with residential investment expanding at a robust average pace of 23.8% per annum (up by 
36.3% year-on-year in 2022), while its share in GDP reached a 9-year high of 1.7% in 2022. The 
positive dynamics of residential investment in 2018-2022 were synchronized with the recovery of 
residential real estate prices (+5.3%, on average, in 2018-2021 and +11.1% year-on-year in 2022), with 
the latter recording a cumulative appreciation of 36.3% from their lowest point in 2017, but still 20.9% 
below their peak in 2008. The resilience of the real estate market reflects the support from pent-up 
demand and limited supply of new buildings, which has been buoyed by a reactivation in foreign 
demand in 2021-22 in the form of direct purchases by non-residents of real estate property in Greece, as 
well as positive synergies from tourism (short-term renting, secondary homes). Relatively lower 
valuations compared with other EU countries, where the markets remained at a steady upward trend 
over the previous decade, have increased demand for property in Greece.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
The average age of new borrowers is in the early 40s, indicating that young people prefer to reach a 
state of financial stability before investing in their own house. 
Apartments are the most common type of residential property available, with townhouses and 
detached houses being prevalent to the more affluent city areas. 
Security for Housing Loans 
In Greece, security for housing loans is created by establishing a mortgage. A mortgage can be 
established by a notarial deed (or by a judicial decision, or by law in special cases). The 
establishment of a mortgage by notarial deed is quite costly and it is therefore not the preferred 
method of establishing a mortgage among banks and borrowers. Instead, in most cases, banks 
obtain a pre-notation of a mortgage, which is an injunction over the property entitling its 
beneficiary to obtain a mortgage as soon as a final judgment for the secured claim has been 
obtained, but which is valid as of the date of the pre-notation. In relation to enforceability, ranking 
of the security and preferred right to the proceeds of the auction, there is no difference between a 
holder of a mortgage and a holder of a pre-notation of a mortgage, since the latter is treated as a 
secured creditor of the property. Both the holder of a pre-notation of a mortgage and a mortgagee 
need an enforcement right before being able to commence enforcement procedures. The difference 
between holding a mortgage and holding a pre-notation of a mortgage is that the pre-notation is a 
conditional security interest whose preferential treatment is subject to the unappealable adjudication 
of the claim it purports to secure, whereas a mortgagee’s claim is enforceable pursuant to the 
mortgage deed itself. 
Establishing a pre-notation is the most common way of establishing security for a housing loan in 
Greece. The pre-notation, as a form of injunction, can be established with or without the consent of 
the owner(s) of the property on which the pre-notation will be established, but is only granted 
pursuant to a court decision. The procedures adopted by lenders of housing loans in practice have led 
to an arrangement whereby pre-notations are granted “by consent”, where both the lending bank and 
the owner of the property over which the pre-notation will be established (i.e. the Borrower, the 
Guarantor or a third party) appear before the competent court and consent to the establishment of the 
pre-notation on the specific real estate property. The court issues the decision immediately (in fact, 
the decision is drafted beforehand by the lending bank and is certified and signed by the judge who 
hears the claim). Having certified the court decision and a summary thereof, the lawyer of the lending 
bank takes them to the Cadastre or the Land Registry, where applicable, along with a written request 
for the issuance (by the Cadastre or the Land Registry) of certificates confirming: 
(a) 
the ownership by the person that consented to the granting of the pre-notation (i.e. the 
Borrower, the Guarantor or a third party) of the mortgaged property; 
(b) 
the registration and class of the pre-notation; 
(c) 
the absence of (judicially raised) claims of third parties against the current and all previous 
owner(s) of the mortgaged property; and 
(d) 
any other mortgages, pre-notations or seizures preceding the pre-notation registered by the 
bank. 
At the same time the bank’s lawyer conducts a search in the Cadastre or the Land Registry, where 
applicable, in order to confirm the uncontested ownership of the person that consented to the 
granting of the pre-notation (i.e. the Borrower, the Guarantor or a third party, as the case may be) and 
the first priority nature of the mortgage or pre-notation, before the loan can be disbursed. Once the 
certificates are issued, they are reviewed by the bank’s legal department and are included in the 
Borrower’s file. The legal review of both the ownership titles and the pre-notation registration is 
based on public documents, i.e. on notarial deeds and certificates issued by the competent land

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
registries. The history of the ownership titles for the previous 20 years is examined (which is the 
period for adverse possession). Such a review together with a title search in the Cadastre or the Land 
Registry, precedes the approval of the loan. Upon registration of the pre-notation, a second titles 
search is made to confirm the status quo. 
Enforcing Security 
Following the amendment of Greek Civil Procedure Code by virtue of Greek law 4335/2015, as in 
force, the following apply in relation to enforcement proceedings commencing from 1 January 2016 
onwards and in respect of demands for immediate payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016: 
Without prejudice to the procedures required under the Code of Conduct, it is NBG’s policy to 
commence enforcement proceedings, once a loan is in default and remains unpaid for more than 
90days, at which point, the contract is terminated. Enforcement procedure commence for loans with 
balance that exceeds €2,000. Once the contract is terminated, a notice is served on the Borrower and on 
the Guarantors (if any) informing them of this fact and requesting the persons indebted to make a 
payment of all amounts due within a limited period of time (usually 10 days). Following notification 
and in the case of continued non-payment, a judge of the competent court of first instance (i.e. the 
Single-Member Court of First Instance or the Magistrate’s Court, as the case may be, the 
“Competent Court of First Instance”) is presented with the case upon which the judge may issue an 
order for payment to be served on the borrower together with a demand for immediate payment. 
Service of the order and demand for payment is the first action of enforcement proceedings. Three 
working days after serving the payment order and demand, the property can be seized and the auction 
process starts (see below for a description of the auction process). The Borrower, after being served the 
order for payment, is granted 15 working days (or within 30 working days if the Borrower is of an 
unknown address or resides abroad) to contest the validity of the order for payment, either on the 
merits of the case or on the ground of procedural irregularities. This can be done by filing an 
annulment petition before the Competent Court of First Instance or Magistrate’s Court in accordance 
with articles 632-633 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article 632-633 Annulment 
Petition”). The said 15 working days period does not per se suspend the enforceability of the payment 
order, which can be enforced following the lapse of the three working days period as of the date of 
service of the payment order. At the same time, the Borrower can file, as a provisional measure, a 
suspension petition in accordance with articles 632 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article 
632 Suspension Petition”) for the suspension of the enforcement proceedings. At the time of filing 
the Article 632 Suspension Petition, in most cases, immediate suspension is granted up until the 
hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition. If the court decides that the arguments in the Article 
632-633 Annulment Petition are correct and reasonable, the suspension of enforcement will be 
granted to the petitioner until the issue of the decision on the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition. If 
the judge decides that the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition has no grounds and rejects this, the 
suspended enforcement procedures can continue. Suspension of enforcement against a Borrower of an 
unknown address or residing abroad is granted by law during the 30 day period to file an Article 632 
Annulment Petition. If the Borrower has not filed an Article 632-633 Annulment Petition and 
subsequent suspension within 15 working days after serving the payment order, then the bank may 
again serve the order for payment whereby a second period of 15 working days is granted to the 
Borrower to contest the payment order. Failure to contest the order for payment will result in the bank 
becoming the beneficiary and holder of a final deed of enforcement and the conversion of the pre-
notation into a mortgage. 
The Borrower may also file with the relevant Court of First Instance a petition in accordance with 
article 933 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article 933 Annulment Petition”) for the 
annulment of certain actions of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to the validity 
of the order for payment, and/or to the relevant claim and/or to procedural irregularities. Both Articles 
632-633 and Article 933 Annulment Petitions may be filed either concurrently or consecutively, but it 
should be noted that the Article 933 Annulment Petition may not be based on reasons pertaining to the 
validity of the order for payment, once the order of payment has become final as mentioned above. The

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
time for the filing of an Article 933 Annulment Petition varies depending on the foreclosure action that 
is being contested. In particular, the Article 933 Annulment Petition should be filed within 45 days as 
from the date of attachment of the Borrower’s property, except for an Article 933 Annulment Petition 
contesting the auction which should be filed within 60 days as from registration with the competent 
land registry or cadastre of the relevant auction deed. The hearing of the Article 933 Annulment 
Petition is scheduled within 60 days from the date of the filing of such petition and the relevant 
decision must be issued within 60 days from the hearing before the court. In practice this time 
schedule is not respected, and the hearing is scheduled on a later date. 
According to the provisions of Greek law 4335/2015, as in force, the ability of the Borrower to 
challenge the compulsory enforcement actions, which are carried out by the creditor, is significantly 
restricted. In particular, by virtue of the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure, as in force until 31 
December 2015, the Borrower was entitled to challenge each compulsory enforcement action 
separately and as a result the completion of the enforcement procedure was significantly delayed. 
However, by virtue of Greek law 4335/2015, as in force, the Borrower is entitled to oppose defects of 
the compulsory enforcement procedure in just two stages: the first one is set before the auction and is 
related to any reason of invalidity of the claim and the compulsory enforcement actions carried out 
before the auction, whereas the second one is set after the auction until the publication of the seizure 
report and is related to any defects, which arose from the auction until the awarding. In case that the 
compulsory enforcement procedure is based on a court’s judgment or payment order, the litigant 
parties are only entitled to file an appeal against the judgment issued, which has been issued in relation 
to the Article 933 Annulment Petition. The possibility to file an appeal in cassation against the decision 
is abolished. 
The filing of an appeal against the decision of the Competent Court of First Instance which rejects the 
Article 933 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a suspension petition in accordance with 
article 938 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (the “Article 938 Suspension Petition”) in relation to 
the enforcement proceedings Foreclosure proceedings may be suspended until the hearing of the 
Article 938 Suspension Petition, which, when the Borrower seeks the suspension of the auction, takes 
place five (5) days prior to the auction and the relevant decision is issued by 12.00 pm on the Monday 
prior to the auction date. 
The actual auction process starts with seizure of the property, which takes places three (3) working 
days after the order for payment is served on the Borrower. The seizure statement that is issued by the 
bailiff who performs it, contains the auction date which, in respect of demands for immediate 
payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016, should take place (for immovable properties) 
within seven months from the date of completion of the seizure and in any case no later than eight 
months from the completion of the seizure (or within a deadline of three months since the 
continuation statement, in case the auction does not take place on the initial date) and place and the 
notary public who will act as the auction clerk. At this point all mortgagees (including those holding a 
pre-notation or mortgage) are informed of the upcoming auction. 
Auctions may not take place between 1-31 August and the weeks before and after the date of any 
national, municipal or European elections (pursuant to Article 998 para. 2 of the GCCP, as replaced 
by Article 207 para. 15 of Law 4512/2018). 
Following the amendment of the GCCP by Greek law 4512/2018 (published in Government Gazette 
5/A/17.1.2018), as from 21 February 2018 onwards, the auction takes place exclusively through the 
use of electronic means, in particular through the use of the electronic auction platform (e-
auctions.gr), under the responsibility of a certified notary public (acting as auction clerk) of the 
district place of seized property (or if not available for any reason, of the district region of the district 
of the place of execution seized property’s  place or, if again not available for any reason, before an 
Athens notary public) under the responsibility of a competent notary public acting as auction clerk. 
The relevant process is detailed in Article 959 of the GCCP (as replaced by para. 6 of Article 207 of 
Greek law 4512/2018), as further specified by Decision no. 41756/26.5.2017 of the Minister of

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
Justice, Transparency and Human Rights (published in Government Gazette 1884/B/30.5.2017). It is 
noted that the first e-auction in Greece was conducted on 27 April 2018. 
Each bidder must submit a bank guarantee or banker’s draft for an amount equal to 30% of the 
starting price of the auctioned property and declare his/her attendance in the auction by 15.00 two (2) 
business days prior to the auction date. By 17.00 on the date preceding the auction date, the auction 
clerk registers with the electronic auction platform a list of the bidders entitled to participate in the 
auction. 
In the auction, the property is sold to the highest bidder who then has ten (10) business days to pay 
the auction price along with the fees for the use of the electronic auctioning platform which burden 
the highest bidder. Once the price of the property is paid, the notary public prepares a special deed 
listing all the creditors and allocating the proceeds of the auction. Each creditor must announce its 
claim to the notary public by no later than 15 days after the auction and submit all documents proving 
such claims, otherwise the notary public will not take his claim into account. Once the allocation of 
proceeds amongst the creditors of the Borrower has been determined pursuant to a deed issued by a 
notary public, the creditors of the Borrower are invited by the notary public to be informed 
respectively and may dispute the allocation by filing a petition contesting the deed within 12 business 
days as from the service of such invitation. The competent Court of First Instance adjudicates the 
matter but the relevant creditor is entitled to appeal against the decision to the Court of Appeal (or the 
Single Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may be). The hearing 
date of the petition contesting such deed must be obligatory set within 60 days from its filing (or 
within 120 days in case of the creditor residing abroad). This procedure may delay the collection of 
proceeds. This can further delay the time at which the Bank finally receives the proceeds of the 
enforcement of the relevant property. However, the law provides that a creditor is entitled to the 
payment of its claim even if its allocation priority is subject to a challenge, provided that such creditor 
provides a letter of guarantee securing repayment of the money in the event that such challenge is 
upheld. 
If no bidders appear at the auction, the immoveable property is awarded at the minimum auction price 
to the person in favour of whom the enforcement proceedings were initiated, upon the latter’s request. 
which is submitted electronically prior to the date of the auction. If no such request is submitted, the 
auction is repeated under the same minimum auction price on a date, which is being determined by 
the notary within 40 days. If such repetitive auction is unsuccessful a new auction takes place with 
minimum auction price equal 80% of the initial auction price on a date fixed by the notary within 30 
days. If this last auction is also unsuccessful, a new auction takes place by the notary within 30 days, 
with minimum auction price equal to 65% of the initial auction price. If this last auction is 
unsuccessful the competent court, upon request of any person having legal interest, may order the 
removal of the foreclosure or the conduct of another auction with the same or lower fixed first price 
(in accordance with Article 966 as amended by Greek law 4842/2021 as further amended by Greek 
law 4855/12.11.2021). 
Pursuant to Article 954 of the Greek Civil Code, the minimum auction price is determined within the 
statement of the court bailiff and can be contested by the Borrower or any other lender or anyone 
having a legal interest by filing an annulment petition against such court bailiff statement at the latest 
fifteen working days before the auction date. The relevant court's decision should be published at the 
latest by 12.00 p.m. eight days before the auction date. However, as regards the movable property, it 
is to be noted that the initial auction price cannot be less than 2/3 of the estimated value of the seized 
movable property (in accordance with par. 2 of Article 993, in conjunction with par. 2 of Article 954 
of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as amended and in force) and as regards the immovable property, 
the initial auction price cannot be less than the seized property’s “commercial value”. The evaluation 
of the immovable property is calculated in accordance with presidential decree 59/2016 (published in 
Government Gazette 95/A/27.5.2016). In particular, pursuant to such presidential decree, the 
immovable property’s “commercial value” is determined by the relevant bailiff who is obliged to 
appoint a certified appraiser for this purpose, namely an individual or legal person that shall be

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
included in the Certified Appraisers Registry held at the General Directorate for Financial Policy of 
the Ministry of Finance and published on the Ministry of Finance’s website. The latter submits to the 
bailiff an appraisal report in accordance with the European or international recognised appraising 
standards and in accordance with the Code of Conduct issued by the Bank of Greece on the 
management of non-performing loans. Appraisal’s fees are borne by the creditor who ordered the 
enforcement proceedings, but ultimately burden the Borrower.  
Once the list of creditors is confirmed and adjudicated, the proceeds are distributed according to the 
deed setting out the allocation of proceeds (see for further details “Auction Proceeds” below) in 
accordance with Article 975 (as replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek law 4335/2015 
with respect to enforcement proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards), Article 976, Article 
977 (as replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek law 4335/2015with respect to enforcement 
proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards) and Article 977A (added through Article 176 
para. 1 of Greek law 4512/2018) of the GCCP. 
Suspension of Enforcement Proceedings 
There are various provisions of Greek law which could result in enforcement proceedings against a 
Borrower being delayed or suspended. Without prejudice to the procedures required under the Banks’ 
Code of Conduct introduced by virtue of decision number 116/25.8.2014 of the Credit and Insurance 
Committee of the Bank of Greece, as revised by decision number 195/29.7.2016 (published in 
Government Gazette 2376/B/2.8.2016) (the “Code of Conduct”), enforcement proceedings are 
usually commenced against a Borrower once the Borrower’s contract is terminated. An order of 
payment is obtained from the Judge of the competent court of first instance (i.e. the Single-Member 
Court of First Instance or the Magistrate’s Court, as the case may be, the “Competent Court of First 
Instance”) following service of the notice of termination of the Loan on the Borrower and non-
payment by the Borrower. Enforcement is commenced by service of the order for payment and a 
demand to pay on the Borrower, with the ultimate target being the collection of the proceeds of the 
auction of the relevant property securing the Loan. See for further details “The Mortgage and Housing 
Market in Greece - Enforcing Security” above. However, a Borrower may delay enforcement against 
the relevant property by contesting the order for payment and/or the procedure for enforcement which 
in turn will delay the receipt of proceeds from an enforcement against the property by the Issuer after 
the relevant Loan has been terminated. Following the amendment of Greek Civil Procedure Code by 
virtue of Greek law 4335/2015 (published in Government Gazette 87/A/23.7.2015), the following 
apply in relation to enforcement proceedings commencing from 1 January 2016 onwards and in 
respect of demands for immediate payment served to the Borrower after 1 January 2016 (see relevant 
interpretative provision of article 43 of Greek law 4715/2020 published in the Government Gazette 
Issue 149/A/1.8.2020): 
A Borrower can file a petition of annulment against the order for payment pursuant to Article 632-633 
Annulment Petition with the Competent Court of First Instance or Magistrate’s Court within 15 
business days (or within 30 business days if the Borrower is of an unknown address or resides abroad) 
after service of the order for payment contesting the substantive or procedural validity of the order of 
payment. If the Borrower fails to contest the order for payment, the order may be served again on the 
Borrower and a further 15 business days are available to the Borrower to file an Article 632-633 
Annulment Petition. The order for payment will be final either if both terms of 15 business days 
elapse or if the Court of Appeal rejects the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition. 
The filing of an Article 632-633 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a petition for 
suspension of the enforcement against the relevant property pursuant to Article 632 Suspension 
Petition. Upon filing an Article 632 Suspension Petition, enforcement procedures may be suspended 
until the hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition. Following the issue of a decision in relation 
to the hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition enforcement may be suspended until the

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
Competent Court of First Instance has issued a final decision in respect of the Article 632-633 
Annulment Petition. In some cases suspension of enforcement may be granted until the Court of 
Appeal (or the Single-Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may 
be) reaches a final decision which means an additional delay in enforcement.  
The Borrower may also file with the Competent Court of First Instance a petition for the annulment of 
certain actions of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order 
of payment, to the relevant claim and/or to procedural irregularities (i.e. an Article 933 Annulment 
Petition) pursuant to Article 933 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as amended by Greek law 
4512/2018. Both Annulment Petitions may be filed either concurrently or consecutively, but it should 
be noted that the Article 933 Annulment Petitions may not be based on reasons pertaining to the 
validity of the order for payment or the relevant claim, once the order for payment has become final as 
mentioned above. The time for the filing of an Article 933 Annulment Petition varies depending on 
the foreclosure action that is contested. In particular, the Article 933 Annulment Petition should be 
filed within 45 days as from the date of attachment of the Borrower’s property, except for an Article 
933 Annulment Petition contesting the auction which should be filed within 60 days as from 
registration with the competent land registry or cadastre of the relevant auction deed. The hearing of 
the Article 933 Annulment Petition is scheduled within 60 days from the date of the filing of such 
petition and the relevant decision must be issued within 60 days from the hearing before the court. 
The filing of an appeal against the decision of the Competent Court of First Instance which rejects the 
Article 933 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a suspension petition pursuant to an 
Article 938 Suspension Petition in relation to the enforcement proceedings. Again, foreclosure 
proceedings may be suspended until the hearing of the Article 938 Suspension, which, in a normal 
case where the Borrower seeks the suspension of the auction, takes place five days prior to the auction 
and the relevant decision is issued by 12.00 pm on the Monday prior to the auction. It should 
nevertheless be noted that such suspension is more difficult to obtain if the Competent Court of First 
Instance has already rejected a suspension requested for similar reasons under Article 632.  
The Borrower may seek the postponement of the auction by alleging that the value of the property has 
been underestimated by the enforcing party or that the fixed first offer is too low. Pursuant to Article 
954 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, the minimum auction price is determined within the statement 
of the court bailiff and can be contested by the Borrower or any other lender or anyone having a legal 
interest by filing an annulment petition against such court bailiff statement at the latest fifteen days 
before the auction date. The relevant court's decision should be published by 12.00 p.m. eight days 
before the auction date. However, as regards the movable property, it is to be noted that the initial 
auction price cannot be less than 2/3 of the estimated value of the property (in accordance with Article 
993 par. 2 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, in conjunction with Article 954 par. 2 of the Greek 
Civil Procedure Code, as amended and in force) and as regards the immovable property, the initial 
auction price cannot be less than the seized immovable property’s “commercial value”. The 
evaluation of the immovable property is calculated in accordance with presidential decree 59/2016 
(published in Government Gazette 95/A/27.5.2016). In particular, pursuant to such presidential decree 
the property’s “commercial value” is determined by the relevant bailiff who is obliged to appoint a 
certified appraiser for this purpose, namely an individual or legal person that shall be included in the 
Certified Appraisers Registry held at the General Directorate for Financial Policy of the Ministry of 
Finance and published on the Ministry of Finance’s website. The latter submits to the bailiff, in 
hardcopy and in digital form, an appraisal report in accordance with European or international 
recognised appraising standards and in accordance with the Code of Conduct issued by the Bank of 
Greece on the management of non-performing loans. Appraisal fees are borne by the creditor who 
ordered the enforcement against the relevant property, but ultimately burden the Borrower. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Article 1000 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, the suspension of auction 
for up to six (6) months may be sought by the Borrower, on the grounds that there is a good chance of 
the Borrower being able to satisfy the enforcing party or that, following the suspension period, a

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
better offer would be received at auction, provided that there is no risk of damage of the creditor who 
ordered the enforcement and that the borrower pays at least one quarter of the claimed capital and the 
enforcement expenses. 
Auctions may not take place between 1-31 August and the weeks before and after the date of any 
national, municipal or European elections (pursuant to Article 998 para. 2 of the GCCP, as replaced 
by Article 207 para. 15 of Law 4512/2018). 
Following the amendment of the GCCP by Greek law 4512/2018 (published in Government Gazette 
5/A/17.1.2018), as from 21 February 2018 onwards, the auction takes place exclusively through the 
use of electronic means, in particular through the use of the electronic auction platform (e-
auctions.gr), under the responsibility of a certified notary public (acting as auction clerk) of the place 
of seized property (or if not available for any reason, of the region of the seized property’s place or, if 
again not available for any reason, before an Athens notary public) under the responsibility of a 
competent notary public acting as auction clerk. The relevant process is detailed in Article 959 of the 
GCCP (as replaced by para. 6 of Article 207 of Greek law 4512/2018), as further specified by 
Decision no. 41756/26.5.2017 of the Minister of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights (published 
in Government Gazette 1884/B/30.5.2017). It is noted that the very first e-auction in Greece, was 
conducted on 27 April 2018. 
Each bidder must submit a bank guarantee or banker’s draft for an amount equal to 30% of the 
starting price of the auctioned property and declare his/her attendance in the auction by 15.00 two (2) 
business days prior to the auction date. By 17.00 on the date preceding the auction date, the auction 
clerk registers with the electronic auction platform a list of the bidders entitled to participate in the 
auction. 
In the auction, the property is sold to the highest bidder who then has three (3) business days (in case 
of movable property) or ten (10) business days (in case of real estate) to pay the auction price along 
with the fees for the use of the electronic auctioning platform which burden the highest bidder. Once 
the price of the property is paid, the notary public prepares a special deed listing all the creditors and 
allocating the proceeds of the auction. Each creditor must announce its claim to the notary public by 
no later than 15 days after the auction and submit all documents proving such claims, otherwise the 
notary public will not take his claim into account. Once the allocation of proceeds amongst the 
creditors of the Borrower has been determined pursuant to a deed issued by a notary public, the 
creditors of the Borrower are invited by the notary public to be informed respectively and may dispute 
the allocation by filing a petition contesting the deed within 12 business days as from the service of 
such invitation. The competent Court of First Instance adjudicates the matter but the relevant creditor 
is entitled to appeal against the decision to the Court of Appeal (or the Single Member Court of First 
Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may be). The hearing date of the petition contesting 
such deed must be obligatory set within 60 days from its filing (or within 120 days in case of the 
creditor residing abroad). This procedure may delay the collection of proceeds. This can further delay 
the time at which the Issuer finally receives the proceeds of the enforcement of the relevant property. 
However, the law provides that a creditor is entitled to the payment of its claim even if its allocation 
priority is subject to a challenge, provided that such creditor provides a letter of guarantee securing 
repayment of the money in the event that such challenge is upheld. 
Once the list of creditors is confirmed and adjudicated, the proceeds are distributed according to the 
deed setting out the allocation of proceeds (see for further details “Auction Proceeds” below) in 
accordance with Article 975 (as replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek law 4335/2015  
with respect to enforcement proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards), Article 976, Article 
977 (as replaced by Article 1 Article eighth par. 2 of Greek law 4335/2015  with respect to 
enforcement proceedings initiated from 1 January 2016 onwards) and Article 977A (added through 
Article 176 para. 1 of Greek law 4512/2018) of the GCCP.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
Pursuant to Article 966 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, if no bidders appear at the auction, the 
immovable property is awarded at the minimum auction price to the person in favour of whom the 
enforcement proceedings were initiated, upon the latter’s request, which is submitted electronically 
prior to the date of the auction. If no such request is submitted, the auction is repeated under the same 
minimum auction price on a date, which is being determined by the notary within 40 days. If such 
repetitive auction is unsuccessful a new auction takes place with minimum auction price equal 80% of 
the initial auction price on a date fixed by the notary within 30days. If this last auction is also 
unsuccessful, a new auction takes place by the notary within 30 days, with minimum auction price 
equal to 65% of the initial auction price. If this last auction is unsuccessful the competent court upon 
request of any person having legal interest, may order the removal of the foreclosure or the conduct of 
another auction with the same or lower fixed first price (in accordance with article 966 as amended by 
Law 4842/2021 as further amended by Law 4855/ 12.11.2021). 
The reforms of the Greek Civil Procedure Code by virtue of Greek law 4335/2015, as in force, aim at 
speeding up the pace of enforcement proceedings. Therefore, the length, complexity and uncertainty of 
success of enforcement procedures in Greece may lead to a substantial delay in recovering any 
amounts due under any defaulted or delinquent Loan which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Auction Proceeds   
The proceeds of an auction following enforcement against a property securing a Loan must be 
allocated in accordance with Articles 975, 976 and 977 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code as 
amended by Greek law 4335/2015 and subsequently by Greek law 4512/2018, as amended by Greek 
laws 4842/2021 and 4855/2021. The Greek law 4512/2018 introduced significant amendments to the 
Greek Civil Procedure Code in respect of the allocation of proceeds to the creditors of the Borrower.  
After the entry into force of article 977A of the Greek Civil Procedures Code and in respect of the 
new claims arising as of 17 January 2018 and onwards, if such claims are secured through a first 
ranking pledge, the auction proceeds are allocated, after deduction of the enforcement expenses, to the 
extent applicable, in the following order: 
a) creditors granted special privileges under cases 1 and 2 of article 976 of the Greek Civil 
Procedure Code, as in force, (which include secured creditors through a mortgage or a 
mortgage pre-notation over the property or a pledge); 
b) creditors granted privileges under articles 975 and case 3 of article 976 of the Greek Civil 
Procedure Code, as in force;  
c) unsecured creditors. 
In addition, proceeds raised prior to the date of the first auction which relate to unpaid wages of up to 
six (6) months on the basis of dependent employment up to a monthly amount equal to the statutory 
minimum wage for an employee aged over twenty-five (25) years of age, multiplied by 275% are 
allocated before any other claim (super privilege) and after deduction of the costs of execution. 
In case that a pre-notation or mortgage is registered over more than one asset of the Borrower, the 
abovementioned claims related to unpaid wages, if announced, are satisfied by auction proceeds 
allocated to the creditors as following: (i) pari passu, if the auctions took place simultaneously; or (ii) 
according to the chronological order of the auctions until to payment in full, if the auctions took place 
successively. In the case of (ii) above, the creditors who enjoy special privileges, which are not 
satisfied are granted a right to the auction proceeds from the remaining auctioned assets of the 
Borrower. After the satisfaction of privileged creditors, the non-privileged creditors are satisfied pari 
passu by the remaining amount of the auction proceeds.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
In respect of the claims arising as of 1 January 2016 until 16 January 2018 and in respect of orders of 
execution served to the debtor after 1 January 2016, auction proceeds continue to be allocated, after 
deduction of the enforcement expenses reasonably determined by the auction clerk, to the following 
creditors of the Borrower, to the extent applicable, in the following order, pursuant to Greek law 
4335/2015, as it previously stood: 
(a)  creditors enjoying general privileges under Article 975 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, 
namely (in the following ranking order): 
(i) 
claims for hospitalisation and funeral costs of the Borrower and his family arising in the 
12 months prior to the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy and 
compensation claims (except claims for moral damages) due to disability exceeding 
eighty per cent. (80%) or more that arose until the day of the public auction or the 
declaration of bankruptcy; 
(ii) 
costs for the nourishment of the Borrower and his family arising in the previous six (6) 
months before the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(iii) 
claims based on employees’ salaries and claims for fees, expenses and compensation of 
lawyers paid under fixed regular remuneration that arose during the last 2 years prior to 
the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy. However, such time limit 
does not apply on any compensation claims raised by employees or in-house lawyers 
arising by reason of termination of their agreements. The same rank also includes claims 
of the State arising out of the Value Added Tax (“VAT”) and any attributable or 
withholding taxes together with any increments and interests imposed on such claims, as 
well as claims of social security organisations, alimony claims in case of death of the 
person owing such alimony and compensation claims due to disability exceeding sixty-
seven per cent. (67%) which arose up to the day of the public auction or the declaration of 
bankruptcy; 
(iv) 
claims by farmers or farming partnerships arising from the sale of agricultural goods 
arising within the last year prior to the day that the public auction was first set to occur or 
the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(v) 
claims of the Greek state and municipal authorities arising out of any cause, together with 
any increments and interest imposed on such claims; and 
(vi) 
claims by the Athens Stock Exchange Members’ Guarantee Fund (if the borrower is or 
was an investment services company) arising in the previous 24 months prior to the day 
of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy (this should not be relevant for any 
Borrower). 
(b)  creditors enjoying special privileges under Article 976 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (which 
include secured creditors through a mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation over the property or a 
pledge); and 
(c)   unsecured creditors. 
In case of concurrence of general privileges (as mentioned above) and special privileges (as 
mentioned above), the percentage of satisfaction of the creditors with general privileges is limited to 
up to one-third of the auction proceeds whereas the percentage of satisfaction of creditors with special 
privileges is up to two-thirds. In case of concurrence of general privileges (as mentioned above) and 
special privileges (which include claims secured by pledge or mortgage) and non-privileged claims, 
the percentage of satisfaction of the creditors with general privileges is limited to up to 25%, whereas

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
the percentage of satisfaction of creditors with special privileges is up to 65%. The remaining amount 
of 10% of the auction proceeds is allocated to the non-privileged creditors. In case of concurrence of 
creditors with special privileges and non-privileged creditors, an amount of 90% is allocated to 
creditors with special privileges, while an amount of 10% of the auction proceeds is allocated to the 
non-privileged creditors. In case of concurrence of claims with general privileges and non-privileged 
claims, the percentage of satisfaction of the former is 70%.  
Accordingly, the Issuer, as owner of a first ranking pre-notation could be limited to receiving 
approximately two-thirds or 65% (as applicable) of the proceeds raised by an auction of a property 
securing a Loan if a claim under Article 975 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code exists. In such case, 
the proceeds may not be sufficient to discharge the amount that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer 
under the Loan, which may in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
However, given that the Loans are given a maximum 80% LTV indexed value for the purpose of 
calculating the Statutory Tests the value of the property securing a Loan should exceed the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of that portion of the Loan accredited value for the purposes of the 
Statutory Tests. Accordingly, the possibility that the Issuer will not receive sufficient proceeds 
following the enforcement against a property securing a Loan to discharge the amounts that are owed 
to it by the relevant Borrower is reduced.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed (as amended and restated), made between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Servicer contains provisions relating to, inter alia: 
(i) 
the Issuer’s obligations when dealing with any cash flows arising from the Cover Pool and 
the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the servicing, calculation, notification and reporting services to be performed by the 
Servicer, together with cash management services and account handling services in relation 
to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the 
Collection Account; 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions upon which the Servicer will be obliged to sell in whole or in part 
the Selected Loans; 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s right to prevent the sale by the Servicer of all of part of the Selected Loans to 
third parties by removing all of part of the Selected Loans made subject to sale from the 
Cover Pool and transferring within ten Athens Business Days from the receipt of the offer 
letter, to the Transaction Account, an amount equal to the price set forth in such offer letter, 
subject to the provision of a solvency certificate; 
(v) 
the covenants of the Servicer; 
(vi) 
the representations and warranties of the Issuer regarding itself and the Cover Pool Assets; 
(vii) 
the responsibilities of the Servicer following the service of a Notice of Default on the Issuer 
or upon failure of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 
and 
(viii) 
the circumstances in which the Issuer or the Trustee will be obliged to appoint a new 
servicer to perform the Servicing and Cash Management Activities. 
Servicing 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer has agreed to service the Loans 
and their Related Security comprised in the Cover Pool and provide cash management services. 
The Servicer will be required to administer the Loans and their Related Security in accordance with 
the Issuer’s administration, arrears and enforcement policies and procedures forming part of the 
Issuer’s policy from time to time as they apply to those Loans. 
The Servicer will have the power to exercise the rights, powers and discretions and to perform the 
duties of the Issuer in relation to the Loans and their Related Security that it is servicing pursuant to 
the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, and to do anything which it reasonably 
considers necessary, convenient or incidental to the administration of the Loans and their Related 
Security. 
Right of delegation by the Servicer 
The Servicer may from time to time subcontract or delegate the performance of its powers and 
duties under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, provided that it will nevertheless remain 
responsible for the performance of those duties to the Issuer and the Trustee and, in particular, will

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
remain liable at all times for servicing the Loans and their Related Security and for the acts or 
omissions of any delegate or sub-contractor. Any such subcontracting or delegation may be varied 
or terminated at any time by the Servicer. 
Appointment of Replacement Servicer 
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each a “Servicer Termination Event”): 
(i) 
default is made by the Servicer in the payment on the due date of any payment due and 
payable by it under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and such default continues 
unremedied for a period of 3 Athens Business Days after the earlier of the Servicer becoming 
aware of such default and receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Trustee requiring 
the same to be remedied; 
(ii) 
default is made by the Servicer in the performance or observance of any of its other 
covenants and obligations under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, which is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and such default continues 
unremedied for a period of 20 Business Days after the Servicer becoming aware of such 
default, PROVIDED THAT where the relevant default occurs as a result of a default by any 
person to whom the Servicer has subcontracted or delegated part of its obligations 
hereunder, such default shall not constitute a Servicer Termination Event if, within such 
period of 20 Business Days of awareness of such default by the Servicer, the Servicer 
terminates the relevant sub-contracting or delegation arrangements and takes such steps as 
the Trustee may approve to remedy such default; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in respect of the Servicer; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event (where the Issuer and the Servicer are the same entity), 
then at any time after the Trustee has received notice of any such Servicer Termination Event, the 
Trustee shall, following consultation with the Bank of Greece, while such Servicer Termination Event 
continues, use its reasonable endeavours to: 
(a) 
appoint an independent investment or commercial bank of international repute (the 
Investment Bank) to select an entity to act as a Replacement Servicer in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed; and 
(b) 
by notice in writing to the Servicer terminate its appointment as Servicer under the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) 
specified in the notice. 
In the event that Trustee does not appoint the Investment Bank or the Investment Bank does not select 
a Replacement Servicer or the Trustee does not appoint the entity selected by the Investment Bank to 
act as Replacement Servicer within a reasonable period of time, the Bank of Greece may appoint, 
pursuant to Article 21(2) of the Covered Bond Law, a Special Administrator in respect of the Cover 
Pool Assets, provided that an Insolvency Event in respect of the Servicer (where the Issuer and the 
Servicer are the same entity) has occurred.  
The Trustee will not be required to appoint a Replacement Servicer  if (a) the Bank of Greece is in the 
process of appointing a Special Administrator pursuant to article 21(2) of the Covered Bond Law and 
the Greek Covered Bond Legislation or (b) an administrator or liquidator to the Issuer pursuant to 
Greek Banking Legislation or (c) the Trustee is informed by the Bank of Greece that it intends to take 
any such actions listed in this paragraph or to adopt other steps that are more appropriate in the 
circumstances to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
“Insolvency Event” means in respect of the Servicer: 
(a) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding up of the relevant entity; or 
(b) 
the relevant entity stops or threatens to stop payment to its creditors generally or the relevant 
entity ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its business or substantially the whole of its 
business; or 
(c) 
an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver or 
other similar officer is appointed to the whole or any material part of the undertaking, 
property and assets of the relevant entity or a distress, diligence or execution is levied or 
enforced upon against the whole or any material part of the chattels or property of the relevant 
entity and, in the case of any of the foregoing events, is not discharged within 30 days; or 
(d) 
the relevant entity is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
(e) 
a creditors’ collective enforcement procedure is commenced against the Servicer (including 
such procedure under the Bankruptcy Code, articles 137 and 145 of the Greek Banking 
Legislation), 
(f) 
the imposition of resolution measures in accordance with article 37ff of the BRR Law, 
other than where the Servicer is NBG and any of the events set out in paragraphs (a) to (c) occurs in 
connection with a substitution in accordance with Condition 17 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means, in respect of NBG: 
(a) 
NBG stops payment of part or all of its debts; 
(b) 
NBG having resolved to enter into voluntary liquidation, other than in respect of 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders or which has been effected in 
compliance with Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer); 
(c) 
NBG admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts; 
(d) 
 NBG is forced to enter into liquidation pursuant to Greek law, other than in respect of 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation as approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders or which has been effected in 
compliance with Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer); 
(e) 
a receiver, trustee or other similar official is appointed in relation to the Issuer or in relation to 
all or a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer, or an interim supervisor of the Issuer is 
appointed or an encumbrancer takes possession of all or a substantial part of the assets of the 
Issuer, or a distress or execution or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued out 
against the whole or a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and in any of the foregoing 
cases such event is not discharged within 60 days of the occurrence; 
(f) 
 notification by the Bank of Greece that the conditions of article 32 of the BRR Law apply or 
the imposition on the Issuer of resolution measures in accordance with article 37ff of the BRR 
Law;

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
(g) 
 a supervisor (Epitropos) of the Issuer is appointed in accordance with article 137 of Greek 
Banking Legislation or the Issuer is placed in liquidation in accordance with article 145 of the 
Greek Banking Legislation; or 
(h) 
 any action or step is taken which has a similar effect to the foregoing. 
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as servicer in any circumstances. 
Appointment of a Special Administrator 
Upon the Trustee receiving notice in writing of the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event, the 
Trustee shall (acting upon an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders), as soon as 
reasonably practicable using its reasonable endevours, appoint, in compliance with Article 21 of the 
Covered Bond Law, a Credit Institution licensed to provide services in Greece and which is willing to 
enter into an agreement substantially in the same terms as the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 
provided that such entity meets the requirements of Article 21(4) of the Covered Bond Law, to act as 
special administrator (the “Special Administrator”). The appointment of the Special Administrator 
shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Bank of Greece.  
In the event that the Trustee does not appoint a Special Administrator within a reasonable period of 
time, the Bank of Greece may appoint one pursuant to Article 21(2) of the Covered Bond Law.  
The tasks and responsibilities of the Special Administrator are those set out in Article 21(3) of the 
Covered Bond Law. In addition, the Special Administrator shall carry out the obligations of the 
Servicer under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed or appoint a duly qualified third party to do 
so. If the Special Administrator appoints a third party to carry out the obligations of the Servicer, it 
shall monitor the performance of such third party and take reasonable steps to ensure that such third 
party complies with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The Cover Pool 
The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration Statement signed by the Issuer and the 
Trustee so providing, to: 
(a) 
allocate to the Cover Pool Additional Cover Pool Assets for the purposes of issuing further 
Series of Covered Bonds and/or complying with the Statutory Tests and/or maintaining the 
rating(s) assigned to the Covered Bond provided that, in respect of any New Asset Type: (A) 
Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has provided confirmation 
in writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or 
withdrawn as a result of such addition of the New Asset Type to the Cover Pool (and in the 
case of any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time), 
such Rating Agency has been notified of such addition) and (B) the risk weighting of the 
Covered Bond will not be negatively affected;  
(b) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event and provided that no breach of any Statutory Test 
has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of such removal or substitution (i) 
remove Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or (ii) substitute Cover Pool Assets with 
Additional Cover Pool Assets, provided that for any substitution of Additional Cover Pool 
Assets which are New Asset Type Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at 
that time) has provided confirmation in writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would 
not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn as a result of, such removal or substitution (and in 
the case of any other Rating Agency (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that 
time), such Rating Agency has been notified of such addition). 
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer in accordance with the above or 
by way of mandatory changes below shall form part of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
Sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following an Issuer Event 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer (or the Special 
Administror, if appointed pursuant to Clause 22.6 of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) 
shall be obliged to sell Loan and their Related Security in the Cover Pool in respect of the relevant 
Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds on or before the First Refinance Date or before each 
Refinance Date thereafter having the Required Outstanding Principal Balance (the “Selected 
Loans”) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, subject to the rights of pre-
emption in favour of the Issuer to remove the Selected Loans from the Cover Pool provided, (i) in 
the case of the sale of Selected Loans following an Issuer Event and prior to a breach of the 
Amortisation Test, where the Amortisation Test was met immediately prior to the proposed sale, the 
Amortisation Test will continue to be met following any sale of Selected Loans or the removal of 
such Selected Loans from the Cover Pool and (ii) where the Amortisation Test has been breached 
prior to such Selected Loans being sold the Servicer may sell Selected Loans even where the 
Amortisation Test will not be satisfied after such sale provided that the amount by which the 
Amortisation Test is breached is not worsened or further reduced as a result of sale of such Selected 
Loans. 
Prior to the Servicer making any offer to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third 
parties, the Servicer shall serve on the Issuer a loan offer notice in the form set out in the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed (a “Selected Loan Offer Notice”) giving the Issuer the right to 
prevent the sale by the Servicer of all of part of the Selected Loans to third parties, by removing all 
of part of the Selected Loans made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring an amount 
equal to the then Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant portion of the Selected Loans and 
the relevant portion of all arrears of interest and accrued interest relating theretoto the Transaction 
Account. 
If the Issuer validly accepts the Servicer’s offer to remove all of part of the Selected Loans and their 
Related Security from the Cover Pool by signing the duplicate Selected Loan Offer Notice in a 
manner indicating acceptance and delivering it to the Trustee and the Servicer within 10 Athens 
Business Days from and including the date of the Selected Loan Offer Notice, the Servicer shall 
within three Athens Business Days of receipt of such acceptance, serve a selected loan removal 
notice on the Issuer in the form set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed (a “Selected 
Loan Removal Notice”). 
The Servicer shall offer for sale the Selected Loans and their Related Security in respect of which 
the Issuer rejects or fails within the requisite time limit to accept the Servicer’s offer to remove the 
Loans and their Related Security form the Cover Pool in the manner and on the terms set out in the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
Upon receipt of the Selected Loan Removal Notice duly signed on behalf of the Servicer, the Issuer 
shall promptly (i) sign and return a duplicate copy of the Selected Loan Removal Notice to the 
Servicer, (ii) deliver to the Servicer and the Trustee a solvency certificate stating that the Issuer is, at 
such time, solvent and shall remove from the Cover Pool the relevant portion of Selected Loans (as 
specified in the signed Selected Loan Removal Notice (and any other Loan secured or intended to be 
secured by that Related Security or any part of it) referred to in the relevant Selected Loan Removal 
Notice and where that portion is less than all of the Selected Loans the Loans and the Related 
Security in the portion that is removed shall be chosen from the Selected Loans on a random basis. 
Completion of the removal of all or part of the Selected Loans by the Issuer will take place on the 
Calculation Date next occurring after receipt by the Issuer of the Selected Loan Removal Notice or 
such other date as the Servicer may direct in the Selected Loan Removal Notice (provided that such 
date is not later than the earlier to occur of the date which is (a) 10 Athens Business Days after 
receipt by the Servicer of the returned Selected Loan Removal Notice and (b) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) when the Issuer shall, prior to the removal 
from the Cover Pool of all or part of the relevant Selected Loans (and any other Loan secured or

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
g
outstandin
 then 
Bonds
 
Covered
 
of
 
Series
each 
 
of
respect 
in 
Amount 
 
Redemption
 
Required
 
 the
of
 
Equivalent
 
Euro
 
the
Pool
Cover 
 
in the
 
Loans
 
all
 
of
 
Balance
 
Principal
 g
Outstandin
 x  
N
intended to be secured by that Related Security or any part of it), pay to the Transaction Account an 
amount in cash equal to the price specified in the relevant Selected Loan Removal Notice. 
On the date of completion of the removal of all or part of the Selected Loans and their Related 
Security in accordance with the above, the Issuer shall ensure that the corresponding portion of the 
Selected Loans and their Related Security are removed from the Registration Statement. 
Upon such completion of the removal of all or part of the Selected Loans and their Related Security 
in accordance with above or the sale of all or part of Selected Loans and their Related Security to a 
third party or third parties, the Issuer shall cease to be under any further obligation to hold any 
Customer Files or other documents relating to the relevant removed or sold Selected Loans and their 
Related Security to the order of the Trustee and, if the Trustee holds such Customer Files or other 
documents, it will send them to the Issuer at the cost of the Issuer. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the Series of the Covered Bonds (other 
than any Series which is fully collateralised by amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account) that has or have the earliest Final Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(ignoring any acceleration of amounts due under the Covered Bonds prior to service of a Notice of 
Default). 
Method of Sale of Selected Loans 
If the Servicer is required to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third parties following 
an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer shall seek to sell such Selected Loans on or prior to 
the First Refinance Date and/or prior to each Refinance Date thereafter and the Servicer will be 
required to ensure that before offering Selected Loans for sale: 
(a) 
unless the Selected Loans comprise the entire Cover Pool: 
(i) 
the Selected Loans have been selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis and 
such obligation in relation to random selection also applies where part but not all 
Selected Loans in relation to any Series are sold; 
(ii) 
following an Issuer Event but prior to a breach of the Amortisation Test, the 
Selected Loans to be sold in any sale together (i) constitute all Selected Loans in 
relation to the relevant Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds; or (ii) where the 
Outstanding Principal Balance in relation to such Selected Loans is greater than or 
equal to EUR 150 million (one hundred fifty million) or the Euro Equivalent 
Amount, such Selected Loans to be sold together have an Outstanding Principal 
Balance of at least EUR 150 million (one hundred fifty million); and 
(iii) 
following the sale of the Selected Loans, not less than 5 (five) per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of Selected Loans in respect of that Series of Pass 
Through Covered Bonds would remain in the Cover Pool (other than in respect of a 
sale of all Selected Loans in relation to the Relevant Series); and 
(b) 
the Selected Loans have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount (the 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) which is as close as possible to the 
amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
 
where N is an amount equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (being each Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds) 
less amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account (other than amounts standing 
to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) and the principal amount of any 
Marketable Assets, Liquid Assets or Authorised Investments (other than Liquid Assets or 
Authorised Investments acquired from the amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Ledger) (excluding all amounts to be applied to pay or provide for the Series 
Share of Expenses on the next following Cover Pool Payment Date and excluding any 
amounts which have been set aside to pay any Series of Covered Bonds) and all Sale 
Proceeds received from the sale of other Selected Loans or removal of Selected Loans under 
the right of pre-emption.  
Required Redemption Amount means, in respect of any relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
the amount calculated as follows: 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
multiplied by 
(1 + Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds/365)). 
For the purposes of Clause 6.4 of the Servicing and Cash Management Agreement reference 
to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds shall be a reference to one or more Series of Covered 
Bonds in respect of which the Servicer is required to sell Selected Loans, which shall for the 
avoidance of doubt, be all Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
The Servicer will offer the Selected Loans for sale to third parties for the best price 
reasonably available but (subject to (d) below) in any event for an amount not less than the 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. 
The Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means the Euro Equivalent of the Required 
Redemption Amount, plus or minus (without double counting): 
(i) 
any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under a Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds less (where 
applicable) the principal balance of any Marketable Assets, Liquid Assets and 
Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts which have been set aside to pay the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds); and plus or minus 
(ii) 
any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under an Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; plus 
(iii) 
reasonable costs and expenses associated with sale of Selected Loans and their 
Related Security and the reasonable costs and expenses of the Portfolio Manager 
connected with the sale of Selected Loans and their Security; plus 
(iv) 
the Series Share of Expenses. 
(d) 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer will as soon as possible and in any 
event within one calendar month of the First Refinance Date and, if applicable within one 
calendar month of the occurrence of any further Refinance Date (if applicable) appoint a

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
Portfolio Manager of recognised standing, and which is not an affiliate of the Issuer, on a 
basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of 
the Selected Loans (if such terms are commercially available in the market) via a market 
auction process and to advise it in relation to the sale of the Selected Loans to third-party 
purchasers via a market auction process (except where the Issuer exercises its right of pre-
emption). Only one Portfolio Manager may be appointed at any one time in respect of the 
Programme. If a Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of a sale of 
Selected Loans and that appointment is continuing, the Servicer will appoint the same 
Portfolio Manager in respect of all other Series of Covered Bonds. Where the Servicer has 
not appointed the Portfolio Manager within one calendar month of the First Refinance Date 
or, if applicable, within one calendar month of any further Refinance Date (if applicable), 
the Servicer will send notice to all of the Covered Bondholders (with a copy of the notice to 
be provided to the Trustee) informing them that no Portfolio Manager has been appointed 
and will appoint the Portfolio Manager selected (pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Portfolio 
Manager)) by the Covered Bondholders on the same basis as if the appointment had been 
made by the Servicer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be obliged to appoint 
a Portfolio Manager should the Servicer fail to do so (and shall have no liability for such 
failure) and shall not be responsible for determining the identity of, or approving, the 
Portfolio Manager to be appointed by the Servicer following a nomination or determining or 
approving the terms of appointment of a Portfolio Manager. 
(e) 
In respect of any sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event, the Servicer will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable 
endeavours to procure that Selected Loans are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable (in 
accordance with the recommendations of the Portfolio Manager) taking into account the 
market conditions at that time and, where relevant, the scheduled repayment dates of the 
Covered Bonds and the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The Servicer 
will ensure that the terms of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager require the Portfolio 
Manager’s actions in respect of any sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security to be 
in accordance with the provisions summarised above, including the rights of pre-emption in 
favour of the Issuer to remove the Selected Loans from the Cover Pool. The Servicer will 
also ensure that the terms of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager require that the costs 
and expenses incurred by the Portfolio Manager are (which shall be borne by the Issuer) 
reasonable. 
(f) 
The Trustee will grant a power of attorney to the Servicer to release the Selected Loans and 
their Related Security from the Registration Statement but the Servicer, acting in the name 
of and on behalf of the Trustee, shall not do so unless and until completion of the removal of 
the Selected Loans and their Related Security in accordance with Clauses 6.3 (d) and 6.3 (e) 
of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed has taken place. 
(g) 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, if third parties accept the offer or offers from 
the Servicer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Servicer, if a Portfolio Manager has 
been appointed), then the Servicer will, subject to the foregoing paragraph, enter into a sale 
and purchase agreement with the relevant third-party purchasers which will require, inter 
alia, a cash payment from the relevant third-party purchasers. Any such sale will not include 
any representations and warranties from the Servicer, the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer in 
respect of the Loans and their Related Security unless expressly agreed by the Servicer. 
(h) 
Any Sale Proceeds received from the sale of the Selected Loans and their Related Security 
will be applied by the Servicer on the next following Cover Pool Payment Date as Cover 
Bonds Available Funds. 
Amendment to definitions

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
Under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the parties have agreed that the definitions of 
Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, Individual Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and Amortisation Test 
may be amended by the Issuer from time to time without the consent of the Trustee as a 
consequence of the inclusion in the Cover Pool of a New Asset Type and/or changes to the 
hedging policies or servicing and collection procedures of the Issuer and/or as a result of any 
updates, amendments or supplements to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, provided that 
Moody’s (to the extent it is rating any Covered Bonds at that time) has provided confirmation in 
writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn as 
a result of such amendment, and in the case of any other Rating Agencies (to the extent it is rating 
any Covered Bonds at that time), such Rating Agency has been notified of such amendment. 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
The Issuer has established a ledger on the Transaction Account denominated the “Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Ledger”. 
The Issuer has covenanted to ensure that the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger, together with the nominal value of any Liquid Assets (other than amounts 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) purchased from amounts standing to 
the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger, is equal to or greater than the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Required Amount. 
On each Calculation Date the Issuer shall pay an amount into the Liquidity Buffer Ledger 
sufficient to cause the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger to have a balance equal to the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Required Amount. For the purposes of calculating the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Required Amount, the nominal value of any Liquid Assets purchased from amounts standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve which have not matured on or prior to such date will be 
taken in account. 
On each Cover Pool Payment Date, an amount equal to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required 
Amount (less the nominal value of any Liquid Assets purchased from amounts standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve which have not matured on or prior to such date) (the 
“Liquidity Buffer Reserve Withdrawal Amount”) will be debited from the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger and applied as Covered Bonds Available Funds. 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount means maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow 
of the Programme over the next one hundred eighty (180) days following such Calculation Date, 
provided that for the purposes of calculating the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflows, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date (where applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed is governed by English law.  
Asset Monitor Agreement 
The Asset Monitor has agreed to carry out the ongoing monitoring of the Cover Pool in accordance 
with Article 15 of the Covered Bond Law, Section I of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation, and the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Servicer to the Asset Monitor, to 
conduct tests in respect of the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed by the Servicer 
on the First Issue Date and the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
no later than the 31st day of March in each year with a view to confirmation of the arithmetical 
accuracy or otherwise of such calculations.  
Following a determination by the Asset Monitor of any errors in the arithmetical accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Servicer such that the Statutory Tests, Amortisation Test or the 
calculation of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount, as applicable, have been failed on 
the relevant Applicable Calculation Date (where the Servicer had recorded it as being satisfied), or 
the reported Nominal Value of the Cover Pool or the reported Net Present Value of the Cover Pool 
or the reported amount of interest expected to be received in respect of the Loans comprised in the 
Cover Pool was mis-stated by the Servicer by an amount exceeding two per cent. of the Nominal 
Value of the Cover Pool or the reported Net Present Value of the Cover Pool or the reported 
amount of interest expected to be received in respect of the Loans comprised in the Cover Pool, as 
applicable (as at the date of the relevant Statutory Test or Amortisation Test, as applicable), the 
Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such tests following each Applicable Calculation Date 
for a period of six months thereafter. 
The Asset Monitor is entitled to assume that all information provided to it by the Servicer for the 
purpose of conducting such tests is true and correct and not misleading, and is not required to 
conduct an audit or similar examination in respect of or otherwise take steps to verify the accuracy 
or completeness of any such information. The Asset Monitor will deliver a report (the “Asset 
Monitor Report”) to the Servicer, the Issuer and, if so requested, to the Trustee. 
The Issuer or the Servicer will ensure that a copy of the Asset Monitor Report is sent to the Bank of 
Greece for the purposes of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation at the very minimum on an annual 
basis or as otherwise required by the Bank of Greece from time to time. 
The Issuer or the Servicer, as applicable, will pay to the Asset Monitor an annual fee for the tests to 
be performed by the Asset Monitor. 
The Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer, or after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Special Administrator) may, at any time, but subject 
to the prior written consent of the Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by 
giving at least 30 days’ prior written notice to the Asset Monitor, provided that such termination 
may not be effected unless and until a replacement asset monitor has been found by the Issuer (or 
after the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer, or after the occurrence of 
an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Special Administrator) (such approval to be given by the Trustee if 
the replacement is an accountancy firm of international standing) which agrees to perform the 
duties of the Asset Monitor set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement (or substantially similar duties). 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 30 days’ prior written notice to the 
Issuer and the Trustee (copied to the Rating Agencies then rating the Covered Bonds at that time), 
and may resign by giving immediate written notice in the event of a professional conflict of interest 
caused by the action of any recipient of its reports. In addition, the Asset Monitor shall immediately 
inform the Issuer and the Trustee in writing if it no longer fulfils the requirements of article 15 of 
the Covered Bond Law. 
Upon the Asset Monitor giving 30 days’ prior written notice of resignation, the Issuer (or following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer, or after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Insolvency Event, the Special Administrator) shall immediately use all reasonable 
endeavours to appoint a substitute asset monitor provided that such appointment to be approved by 
the Trustee (such approval to be given by the Trustee if the substitute is an accountancy firm of 
international standing) which agrees to perform the duties of the Asset Monitor set out in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. If a substitute is not appointed by the date which is 30 days prior to the date 
when tests are to be carried out in accordance with the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, then 
the Issuer (or following the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer, or after

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Special Administrator) shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an accountancy firm of national standing to carry out the relevant tests on a 
one-off basis, provided that such appointment is approved by the Trustee. 
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as Asset Monitor in any circumstances.  
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by English law.  
Trust Deed 
The Trust Deed, made between the Issuer and the Trustee on the Programme Closing Date (as 
subsequently amended and supplemented) appoints the Trustee to act as the bondholders 
representative in accordance with the Covered Bond Law. The Trust Deed contains provisions 
relating to, inter alia: 
(a) 
the constitution of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
(as more fully set out under Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds above); 
(b) 
the Provisions for Meetings of Covered Bondholders;  
(c) 
the covenants of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the enforcement procedures relating to the Covered Bonds; and 
(e) 
the appointment powers and responsibilities of the Trustee and the circumstances in which 
the Trustee may resign or be removed. 
Provisions for meetings of Covered Bondholders 
The Provisions for Meetings of Covered Bondholders set out, inter alia: 
(a) 
  that holders of a Covered Bond in bearer form (a “Bearer Covered Bond”) (whether in 
definitive form or represented by a global Covered Bond in bearer form) may obtain a voting 
certificate in respect of such Covered Bond from a Paying Agent (as such term is defined 
under the paragraph ‘Agency Agreement’ below);  
(b) 
 that the Issuer or the Trustee or (in relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme 
Resolution) the Covered Bondholders holding at least 25 per cent. of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding may at any time and the 
Issuer shall upon a requisition in writing in the English language signed by the holders of not 
less than one-tenth of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders;  
(c) 
 provisions relating to the circumstances in which the Trustee may convene a single meeting 
of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Trustee 
there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in 
which event the Provisions for Meetings of Covered Bondholders shall apply thereto mutatis 
mutandis; 
(d) 
 provisions relating to the circumstances in which the Trustee may convene a single meeting 
of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Trustee 
there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
which event the Provisions for Meetings of the Covered Bondholders shall apply thereto 
mutatis mutandis; 
(e) 
 that at least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and the day on 
which the meeting is to be held) specifying the place, day and hour of meeting shall be given 
to the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds prior to any meeting of such holders in the 
manner provided by Condition 16 (Notices); 
(f) 
 the quorum requirements for passing resolutions of the holders of Bearer Definitive Covered 
Bonds, and for passing Extraordinary Resolutions or Programme Resolutions; and 
(g) 
 the powers exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution (i.e. (a) a resolution passed at a meeting 
of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with the Provisions for 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of 
the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of all or not less than three-fourths in aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bondholders Covered Bondholders, 
which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in 
like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Covered Bondholders; 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Trust Deed is governed by English law. 
Agency Agreement 
Under the terms of the Agency Agreement entered into on the Programme Closing Date (as 
subsequently amended and restated) between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
(together with any paying agent appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement, the 
“Paying Agents”) (the “Agency Agreement”), the Paying Agents have agreed to provide the 
Issuer with certain agency services and have agreed, inter alia, to make available for inspection 
such documents as may be required from time to time by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to arrange for the publication of any notice to be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
For the purposes of Condition 4.2(b)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
provides that if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, no offered quotation appears or if 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR (the “Specified Time”)), the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
For the purposes of Condition 4.2(b)(ii) the Agency Agreement also provides that if on any Interest 
Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent 
with an offered quotation, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the reference rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the reference rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement of this Clause, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement is governed by English law. 
For the purposes of this section “Agency Agreement” any capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds above. 
Deed of Charge 
Pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge entered into on the Programme Closing Date by the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the other Secured Creditors, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, the Secured Obligations of the Issuer and all other obligations of the Issuer under or pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are secured, inter alia, by the following security 
over the following property, assets and rights (the “Deed of Charge Security”): 
(a) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security over all of the Issuer’s interests, rights and 
entitlements under and in respect of any Charged Document; 
(b) 
a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a floating charge) over the rights and benefits 
of the Bank Accounts and the Collection Account (the Issuer Accounts) and all amounts 
standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts (including any Liquid Assets held in the form 
of cash and recorded in the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger established under the 
Transaction Account); and 
(c) 
a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a floating charge) over the rights and benefits 
of the Issuer in respect of all Authorised Investments and Marketable Assets (to the extent 
governed by English law) purchased from time to time from amounts standing to the credit 
of any Issuer Account. 
In addition, to secure its obligations under the Covered Bonds the Issuer has, pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Law, created a pledge over the Cover Pool (which consists principally of the 
Issuer’s interest in the Loan Assets and certain Marketable Assets). The Deed of Charge will also 
provide that (other than in certain limited circumstances) only the Trustee may enforce the security 
created under either the Deed of Charge. The proceeds of any such enforcement of the Deed of 
Charge will be required to be applied in accordance with the order of priority set out in the Post 
Event of Default Priority of Payments.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
In Accordance with the Covered Bond Law, the Trustee shall at all times be a credit institution (or 
an affiliated company of a credit institution) that is entitled to provide services in the European 
Economic Area (an “EEA Credit Institution”). If at any time the Trustee ceases to be an EEA 
Credit Institution it will notify the Issuer immediately and take all steps necessary to find a 
replacement Trustee that is an EEA Credit Institution. 
Release of Security 
In accordance with the terms of the Deed of Charge all amounts which the Servicer (on behalf of 
the Issuer and the Trustee or its appointee) is permitted to withdraw from the Transaction Account 
pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge will be released from the Deed of Charge Security. In 
addition, upon the Issuer or the Servicer making a disposal of an Authorised Investment or 
Marketable Assets (to the extent governed by English law) charged under the Deed of Charge and 
provided that the proceeds of such disposal are paid into the Transaction Account in accordance 
with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, that Authorised Investment or 
Marketable Assets (to the extent governed by English law) will be released from the Deed of 
Charge Security. 
At such time that all of the obligations owing by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors have been 
discharged in full, the Trustee will, at the cost of the Issuer, take whatever action is necessary to 
release the relevant Charged Property from the Deed of Charge Security to, or to the order of, the 
Issuer. 
Enforcement 
If a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer, the Trustee shall be entitled to appoint a Receiver, 
and/or enforce the Deed of Charge Security constituted by the Deed of Charge, and/or take such 
steps as it shall deem necessary, subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction. All proceeds received by the Trustee from the enforcement of the Deed of Charge 
Security will be applied in accordance with the Post Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
Some of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool will pay from time to time a variable rate of interest for 
a period of time that may either be linked to the standard variable rate of the Issuer (the “Issuer 
Standard Variable Rate”) or linked to an interest rate other than the Issuer Standard Variable 
Rate, such as EURIBOR or a rate that tracks the ECB base rate. Other Loan Assets will pay a fixed 
rate of interest for a period of time. However, the Euro payments to be made by the Issuer under 
each of the Covered Bond Swaps may vary. To provide a hedge against the possible variance 
between: 
(a) 
the rates of interest payable on the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool; and 
(b) 
payments by the Issuer under the Covered Bond Swaps, 
the Issuer, the provider of the Interest Rate Swaps (each such provider, an Interest Rate Swap 
Provider) and the Trustee will enter into one or more an interest rate swap transactions in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each such transaction an 
Interest Rate Swap).

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
Under the terms of each Interest Rate Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Interest 
Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Interest Rate Swap Provider’s obligations is 
downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating specified in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
(in accordance with the requirements of the Rating Agencies), the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
will, in accordance with the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial 
measures which may include providing collateral for its obligations under the Interest Rate 
Swaps, arranging for its obligations under the Interest Rate Swaps to be transferred to an entity 
with ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings 
required by the relevant Rating Agency to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its 
obligations under the Interest Rate Swaps (such guarantee to be provided in accordance with the 
then-current guarantee criteria of each of the Rating Agencies), or taking such other action as it 
may agree with the relevant Rating Agency. A failure to take such steps within the periods set out 
in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement will, subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to 
terminate the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together 
with any other events of default and termination events set out in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
(each referred to as an Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event), which may include: 
 
at the option of any party to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the 
other party to make timely payments of any amounts due under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement; and 
 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor 
of the Interest Rate Swap Provider’s obligations, or the merger of the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider without an assumption of its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement. 
Upon the termination of an Interest Rate Swap pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Early 
Termination Event, the Issuer or the Interest Rate Swap Provider may be liable to make a 
termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be calculated and made in Euro. Any 
termination payment made by the Interest Rate Swap Provider to the Issuer in respect of an 
Interest Rate Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay a 
replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Interest Rate Swap with the 
Issuer, unless a replacement Interest Rate Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the 
Issuer. Any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider in 
respect of a replacement Interest Rate Swap will first be used to make any termination payment 
due and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous Interest Rate Swap, unless such 
termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Issuer. Any tax credits received by 
the Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Provider for any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(and wherever imposed) made under the relevant Interest Rate Swap. 
If a withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider to the Issuer under the Interest Rate Swaps, the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider shall always be obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the 
Issuer is equal to the amount which would have been received in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction. If a withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made 
by the Issuer to the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swaps, the Issuer shall not 
be obliged to gross up those payments. 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
criteria of each of the Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to 
certain conditions. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider directly and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the 
criteria of by each of the Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject 
to certain conditions. If the Issuer is required to sell Selected Loans in the Cover Pool following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event then, to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate 
Loans, the Issuer may either: 
(a) 
require that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans partially 
terminate to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans and any 
breakage costs payable by or to the Issuer in connection with such termination will, 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, be taken into account in calculating the Cover 
Pool Payment Date for the sale of the Selected Loans; or 
(b) 
request that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans be partially 
novated to the purchaser of such Fixed Rate Loans to the extent that such Selected Loans 
include Fixed Rate Loans, such that each purchaser of Selected Loans will thereby become 
party to a separate interest rate swap transaction with the Interest Rate Swap Provider. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement (and each Interest Rate Swap thereunder) will be governed by 
English law. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into one or more covered bond swap transactions with one or more Covered 
Bond Swap Providers and the Trustee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds (each such 
transaction a Covered Bond Swap). Each Covered Bond Swap may be either a Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap or a Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap and each will constitute the 
sole Transaction under a single Covered Bond Swap Agreement (such Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements, together, the Covered Bond Swap Agreements). 
Each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge (after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event) against certain interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by 
the Issuer under the Loans and the Interest Rate Swaps (if any) and amounts payable by the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds (Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap). 
Each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge against certain interest rate, 
currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer under the Loans and the 
Interest Rate Swaps (if any) and amounts payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (Non-
Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap). 
Where required to hedge such risks, there will be one (or more) Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s) 
and Covered Bond Swap(s) in relation to each Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the 
Issuer on each Interest Payment Date, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, an amount equal to the 
relevant portion of the amounts that are payable by the Issuer in respect of interest and principal 
payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. In return, the Issuer (or the Servicer

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
on its behalf) will periodically pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount in Euro calculated 
by reference to Euro EURIBOR plus a spread and, where relevant, the Euro Equivalent of the 
relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
Under the Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer (or the 
Servicer on its behalf) will, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, 
pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amount 
received by the Issuer in respect of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series or Tranche, as 
applicable, of Covered Bonds and in return the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer 
the Euro Equivalent of the first-mentioned amount. Thereafter, and where the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in Euro, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer on each Interest 
Payment Date an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amounts that are payable by the Issuer 
in respect of interest and principal payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
In return, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will periodically pay to the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider an amount in Euros calculated by reference to EURIBOR plus a spread and, where 
relevant, the Euro Equivalent of the relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid in respect of 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Under the terms of each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap and each Non-Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or 
any guarantor of the Covered Bond Swap Provider’s obligations is downgraded by a Rating Agency 
below the rating specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement (in accordance with the 
requirements of the Rating Agencies), the Covered Bond Swap Provider will, in accordance with 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which 
may include providing collateral for its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap, arranging for its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Swap to be transferred to an entity with the ratings required by 
the relevant Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant 
Rating Agency to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement (such guarantee to be provided in accordance with the then-current 
guarantee criteria of each of the Rating Agencies), or taking such other action as it may agree with 
the relevant Rating Agency. In addition, if the net exposure of the Issuer against the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond Swap exceeds the threshold specified in the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Covered Bond Swap Provider may be required to 
provide collateral for its obligations. A failure to take such steps within the time periods set out in 
the Covered Bond Swap Agreement will, subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate 
the Covered Bond Swap. 
A Covered Bond Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together 
with any other events of default and termination events set out in the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement (each referred to as a “Covered Bond Swap Early Termination Event”), which may 
include: 
(a) 
at the option of any party to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the 
other party to make timely payments of any amounts due under such Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any 
guarantor of the Covered Bond Swap Provider’s obligations, or the merger of the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement. 
Upon the termination of a Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer or the Covered Bond Swap Provider may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be calculated

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
and made in Euro. Any termination payment made by the Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Issuer 
in respect of a Covered Bond Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to 
pay a replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Covered Bond Swap 
with the Issuer, unless a replacement Covered Bond Swap has already been entered into on behalf of 
the Issuer. Any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider in 
respect of a replacement Covered Bond Swap will first be used to make any termination payment 
due and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous Covered Bond Swap, unless such 
termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Issuer. Any tax credits received by the 
Issuer in respect of a Covered Bond Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Provider for any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes. Duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and 
wherever imposed) made under the relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider directly and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
If withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap, the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider shall always be obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the 
Issuer is equal to the amount which would have been received in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction. If withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made 
by the Issuer to the Covered Bond Swap Provider under a Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer shall not 
be obliged to gross up those payments. 
The Covered Bond Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the 
criteria of each of the Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to 
certain conditions. 
In the event that the Covered Bonds are redeemed and/or cancelled in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions, the Covered Bond Swap(s) in connection with such Covered Bonds will terminate 
or partially terminate, as the case may be. Any breakage costs payable by or to the Issuer in 
connection with such termination will be taken into account in calculating: 
(a) 
the Cover Pool Payment Date for the sale of Selected Loans; and 
(b) 
the purchase price to be paid for any Covered Bonds purchased by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 6.6 (Purchases). 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement (and each Covered Bond Swap thereunder) will be governed 
by English law. 
Bank Account Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bank Account Agreement entered into on the Programme Closing 
Date (as amended and restated) between the Account Bank, the Issuer, the Servicer and the 
Trustee, the Servicer will maintain with the Account Bank the Bank Accounts, which will be 
operated in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the Deed of Charge. 
If the rating of the Account Bank cease to satisfy the requirements of an Eligible Institution (or such 
other ratings that may be agreed between the parties to the Bank Account Agreement and the 
relevant Rating Agency then rating any Covered Bonds) and the Account Bank does not, within 30 
calendar days of such occurrence, obtain an unconditional and unlimited guarantee (in a form

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
acceptable to each of the Rating Agencies to the extent it is rating any Covered Bond at that time) of 
its obligations under the Bank Account Agreement from a financial institution satisfying the 
requirements of an Eligible Institution and such guarantee is to be provided in accordance with the 
relevant Rating Agencies’ guarantee criteria provided that the Rating Agencies then rating the 
Covered Bonds confirm that the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected thereby, then: 
 
the Bank Account Agreement will be terminated in respect of the Account Bank; and 
 
the Bank Accounts will be closed and all amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be 
transferred to accounts held with a bank which is an Eligible Institution. 
The costs arising from any remedial action take by the Account Bank, following the circumstances 
specified above shall be borne by the Account Bank. 
The Bank Account Agreement is governed by English law. 
Custody Agreement 
The Issuer may enter into any Custody Agreement after the Programme Closing Date with, inter 
alios, the Custodian (as any of the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or 
novated from time to time). 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an Issuer-ICSDs Agreement with Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking SA (the ICSDs) in respect of any Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form. The 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any such NGCBs, maintain 
their respective portion of the issue outstanding amount through their records. 
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement is governed by English law.

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
TAXATION 
Greece 
The following summary of the principal Greek taxation consequences of the purchase, ownership 
and disposal of Covered Bonds by Greek or foreign tax resident holders, is of a general nature and 
is based on the provisions of tax laws currently in force in Greece. The summary below does not 
constitute a complete analysis and therefore, potential investors should consult their own tax 
advisers as to the tax consequences of such purchase, ownership and disposal. This summary is 
based on current Greek tax legislation and administrative practice of the Greek tax authorities, 
without taking into account any developments or amendments thereof after the date hereof whether 
or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. “Greek tax 
residents” includes the permanent establishments in Greece of non-Greek legal persons and legal 
entities, where the Covered Bonds are held through that permanent establishment. Tax 
considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for 
the avoidance of double taxation (the “DTT”).  
Income – Withholding Tax 
The Greek income taxation framework is regulated by Greek law 4172/2013, as amended from time to 
time. 
Interest payments to the Covered Bondholders which are legal entities having a permanent establishment 
in Greece for Greek tax law purposes (the “Greek Tax Residents”), made by the Issuer or a paying 
agent residing or having a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law purposes, will be subject 
to Greek withholding tax at a flat rate of 15%. The relevant paying agent is liable to make the relevant 
withholding. This withholding does not exhaust the tax liability of legal entities and is subject to taxation 
through the income tax return. To the extent that the provisions of article 52 of Greek law 4646/2019 in 
conjunction with article 37 paragraph 2 of Greek law 4172/2013 continue to apply pursuant to article 33 
of the Covered Bond Law, no withholding tax applies to interest payments to individuals that are Greek 
tax residents.  
Interest payments to the Covered Bondholders who are individuals and legal entities that neither reside 
nor have a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law purposes (the “Foreign Tax 
Residents”), made by the Issuer or a paying agent residing or having a permanent establishment in 
Greece for Greek tax law purposes, will not be subject to Greek withholding tax (article 52 of Greek law 
4646/2019 in conjunction with article 64 paragraph 9 of Greek law 4172/2013). More specifically legal 
entities “Foreign Tax Residents” must file appropriate proof of tax residency where the payment of 
interest is made through Greek paying agent, so as not to be subject to withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised from the transfer of Covered Bonds  
Pursuant to the provisions of article 14 of Greek law 3156/2003 that are applicable to Covered 
Bonds by virtue of Article 3 par. 2 of the Covered Bond Law, capital gains realised by Covered 
Bondholders from the transfer of Covered Bonds are not subject to taxation in Greece. This has been 
explicitly confirmed through Interpretative Circular No. 1032/2015 (item (iii) of paragraph 2). If the 
capital gains' beneficiaries are Greek legal persons or legal entities, or foreign legal persons or legal 
entities which have a permanent establishment in Greece to which the capital gains are attributable, 
no exemption is granted but the corporate taxation is under conditions deferred up to their 
distribution to the shareholders or capitalization.

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
Value Added Tax 
No value added tax is payable upon disposal of the Covered Bonds (pursuant to article 22(1)(ka) of 
Greek law 2859/2000). 
Death Duties and Taxation on Gifts 
The Covered Bonds are subject to Greek inheritance tax if the deceased holder of Covered Bonds 
had been a resident of Greece or a Greek national. 
However, if the Covered Bonds were located abroad and the deceased Greek national holder of 
Covered Bonds had been residing abroad for at least 10 successive years prior to his/her death, the 
Covered Bonds shall be exempt from inheritance tax. 
The rates of inheritance tax vary from 0% to 40.0%, depending on the relationship between the 
heir and the deceased. 
A gift of Covered Bonds is subject to Greek tax if the holder of the Covered Bonds (donor) is a 
Greek national or if the recipient thereof is a Greek national or resident. 
The rates of gift tax vary from 0% to 40% depending on the relationship between the donor and the 
beneficiary. 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 14 of Greek law 3156/2003, in conjunction with Article 3 par. 2 of the Covered 
Bond Law, the issuance or transfer of Covered Bonds is exempt from Greek stamp duty. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission's 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings of the Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
The issuance and subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
"established" in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a Participating Member State.  
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation 
between Participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the 
timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following paragraph is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
The information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which 
they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax 
or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Covered Bonds, 
nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds held by non-
resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23rd 
December 2005, as amended, (the “Relibi Law”) mentioned below, there is no withholding 
tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of 
Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Covered Bonds, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered Bonds 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20.0%. Such withholding tax will be in 
full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will 
be assumed by the paying agents. Payments of interest under the Covered Bonds coming 
within the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20.0%. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes. A number of jurisdictions have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register. Further, Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the 
Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to 
their investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of withholding.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer 
to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated 26 November 2008 (as 
amended and restated, the “Programme Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealers 
and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such subscription. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination 
of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. The 
Programme Agreement will be supplemented on or around the date of each issuance by Subscription 
Agreement, which will set out, inter alia, the relevant underwriting commitments. The date of the 
relevant Subscription Agreement will be set out in item 33(i) of the Final Terms. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in accordance with Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (Regulation S) or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act.   
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations 
thereunder. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, it has not offered, sold and delivered any 
Covered Bonds, and will not offer, sell and deliver any Covered Bonds (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Covered Bonds, as determined and certified as provided below, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer who has purchased Covered Bonds (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Covered Bonds of 
such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds on a 
syndicated basis, the relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and certify to the Principal Paying 
Agent the completion of the distribution of the Covered Bonds.  On the basis of such notification or 
notifications, the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end 
of the distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. Each Dealer has further agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that , at or prior to 
confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person 
receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells Covered Bonds of such 
Tranche during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice to substantially the 
following effect. 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Securities as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the relevant Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, 
and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used 
above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or 
sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering of such Covered Bonds) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer further represented and agreed that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their 
behalf have not engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any 
Covered Bond, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, in respect of Covered Bonds where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor version incorporated into the United States Treasury Regulations under Section 163 or 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986) (the D Rules), each Dealer (i) 
represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it will not 
offer or sell, Covered Bonds in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) represents that it has not delivered and agrees 
that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Covered Bonds in 
bearer form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in 
effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly 
engaged in selling Covered Bonds in bearer form are aware that such Covered Bonds may not be 
offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring Covered Bonds in bearer 
form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Covered 
Bonds in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements 
of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor version incorporated into 
the United States Treasury Regulations under Section 163 or Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986); 
(d) each Dealer represents and agrees that it will not transfer Covered Bonds in bearer form to a 
trust, company or other entity that issues notes, certificates or other securities whose payment 
characteristics are determined in whole or in part by reference to the Covered Bonds unless such 
trust, company or other entity represents and agrees that such notes, certificates or other 
securities will be issued in compliance with the D Rules; and 
(e) with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Covered Bonds in bearer form from a 
Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling such Covered Bonds during the restricted period, 
such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in subparagraphs 
(a), (b),(c) and (d) on such affiliate’s or distributor’s behalf. 
 
Terms used in the above paragraphs have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
In respect of Covered Bonds where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Covered Bonds must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in 
connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Covered Bonds within the 
United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer 
represents and agrees in connection with the original issuance of such Covered Bonds that it has not 
communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such 
purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office 
in the offer or sale of such Covered Bonds. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each issuance of Dual Currency Interest Covered Bonds shall be subject to such additional U.S. 
selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and 
purchase of such Covered Bonds, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The relevant Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Dual 
Currency Interest Covered Bonds only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless, the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered 
Bonds to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this 
provision: 
 
(a)  
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended or superseded, “MiFID II”); or 
 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded 
(the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
 
(b)  the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to 
the Issuer; and

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered 
Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)  the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”); or 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, and 
(b)  the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
The Hellenic Republic 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been submitted to the approval procedure of the Hellenic 
Capital Markets Commission provided for by the Prospectus Regulation and Greek Law 4706/2020, 
to the extent applicable. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell the Covered Bonds by any form of solicitation or advertising in the Hellenic 
Republic that would not fall under the exemptions of Article 58 of Greek Law 4706/2020, to the 
extent applicable or article 1 paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
 Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered 
Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Control Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
In addition to the cases described in the European Economic Area selling restrictions in which the 
Dealers can make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in an EEA Member State (including the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg), the Dealers can also make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of 
securities pursuant to the provisions of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities, as amended. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered 
Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application 
has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock 
exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations  
The establishment, implementation and operation of the Programme and the issue of Covered 
Bonds have been duly confirmed and authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 24 July 2008. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 28 June 2023.  
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer provides quarterly Investor Reports detailing, among other things, compliance with the 
Statutory Tests. This information will be available on the website http://www.nbg.gr/. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Group, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, either (a) to 
meet part of its general financing requirements; or (b) to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects (as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association 
(“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles, only Series of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Green 
Eligible Projects will be denominated “Green Covered Bonds”. 
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles, only Series of Covered 
Bonds financing or refinancing Social Eligible Projects will be denominated “Social Covered 
Bonds”. 
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Series of 
Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects will be 
denominated “Sustainable Covered Bonds”. 
On or before the issue of Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainable Covered 
Bonds, further details on Green Eligible Projects are provided in the National Bank of Greece Green 
Bond Framework in effect at the time of issuance of the relevant issue of Green Covered Bonds and 
further details on Social Eligible Projects will be provided in a framework which will be made 
available 
on 
the 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
https://www.nbg.gr/en/group/investor-relations/debt-
investors/sustainable-and-green-bonds-framework and may be updated from time to time.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
Definitions: 
“Green Eligible Projects” means financings of renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainability 
mobility, sustainability water, circular economy and green buildings projects and assets which meet 
a set of environmental criteria as further determined in accordance with the National Bank of Greece 
Green Bond Framework in effect at the time of issuance of the relevant issue of Green Covered 
Bonds. 
“Social Eligible Projects” means small and medium-sized enterprises financing and financing of 
non-profit and civil economy to support access to essential services which meet a set of social 
criteria. 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing 
frameworks to determine the Issuer’s environmental robustness) has evaluated the National Bank of 
Greece Green Bond Framework in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus and has issued a 
second party opinion on such framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the 
International Capital Markets Association Green Bond Principles 2018. The second-party opinion is 
available 
on 
the 
Bank’s 
website 
at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/nbgportal/debt-
investors/documents/National-Bank-of-Greece-Green-Bond-Framework-Second-Party-
Opinion.pdf?rev=a64b1af438d848c29acae6950956d9c1.  
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the green bond market to continually advance the 
sustainable terms of the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework. Accordingly, the 
National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework may be updated from time to time during the life 
of any Green Covered Bonds to reflect current market practices. The amended National Bank of 
Greece Green Bond Framework would be subject to the relevant internal and external review 
processes and a new second-party opinion on the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework 
would be obtained in connection with any such amendment. Covered Bondholders would not be 
entitled to vote on such cases. Any amendments to the National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework and any new second-party opinion on the National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework will be published and will be available on the Bank’s website at the address above.  
As outlined in the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework, the Bank intends to publish a 
green, social and/or sustainable finance annual report on the allocation of the proceeds of any of the 
Covered Bonds that are used in financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, Green Projects and 
Social Projects and their environmental and/or social impact and may, but is not obliged to, request 
a limited assurance report to be provided by a qualified external party in respect thereof. Reporting 
will be renewed annually until full allocation of such proceeds. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the twelve months preceding 
the date of approval of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer’s or the Group's financial position or profitability. For further 
details, please see Section “Business Overview”, paragraph “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”. 
No significant or material change 
There has been no material adverse change, or any development reasonably likely to involve 
material adverse change, in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. Since 31 March 
2023, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position 
of the Issuer or the Group.

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding, copies 
and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents will, when published, be 
available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents or the Luxembourg Listing Agent:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer 
(https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/corporate-governance/regulations-principles); 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 (with an English translation thereof), in 
each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(c) 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Bank and the 
Group as at and for the three month period ended 31 March 2023 and the unaudited interim 
condensed consolidated financial statements of the Bank and the Group as at and for the six 
month period ended 30 June 2022; 
(d) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (with an 
English translation thereof), together with any audit or review reports prepared in 
connection therewith; 
(e) 
the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework of the Issuer in respect of the 
application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, and the Second-Party Opinion. For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework nor 
the Second-Party Opinion is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus;  
(f) 
the Programme Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, and the forms of the 
Global Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons;  
(g) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(h) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements 
including Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Covered Bond which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in 
the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder 
of such Covered Bond and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity) to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus, any documents 
incorporated by reference and each Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to 
trading on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be available for inspection 
free of charge from the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.luxse.com. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, will remain 
publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years, at: https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-
group/investor-relations/dept-investors/%E2%82%AC10billionglobalcoveredbondprogramme.  
Clearing Systems

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common 
Code and ISIN for each Series of Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Covered Bonds are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Independent Auditors 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of National Bank of Greece S.A. prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A., with registered office at 268 Kifissias Avenue, 152 32 
Halandri (members of the Institute of Certified Auditors and Accountants of Greece).  
The Six Months 2022 Financial Statements prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU as of and for the six months period ended 30 June 2022 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been reviewed by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.A., with registered office at 268 Kifissias Avenue, 152 32 Halandri (members of the Institute of 
Certified Auditors and Accountants of Greece).  
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS  
 
1LoD, 216 
2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
Commitments, 176 
2021 Annual Financial Statements, 110 
2022 Annual Financial Statements, 110 
2LoD, 216 
30/360, 360/360, 127 
30E/360, 127 
30E/360 (ISDA), 128 
3LoD, 216 
Account Bank, 16 
Accrual Period, 126 
Accrual Yield, 134 
ACCs, 62 
Actual/360, 127 
Actual/365 (Fixed), 127 
Actual/365 (Sterling), 127 
Actual/Actual, 126 
Actual/Actual (ICMA), 126 
Actual/Actual (ISDA), 126 
Addendum, 278 
adjusted, 129 
Adjustment Spread, 123 
Agency Agreement, 46, 113, 310, 311 
Alternative Reference Rate, 124 
AMCs, 279 
Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement, 66 
Amortised Face Amount, 138 
Annual Financial Statements, 110 
APMs, 6 
Applicable Calculation Date, 28 
ARP, 277 
Arranger, 15 
Article 129 Regulation, 106 
Article 632 Suspension Petition, 290, 293 
Article 632-633 Annulment Petition, 290, 
293 
Article 933 Annulment Petition, 294 
Article 937 Suspension Petition, 291, 294 
Article Annulment 933 Petition, 290 
Asset Monitor, 16 
Asset Monitor Agreement, 45 
Asset Monitor Report, 308 
Athens Business Day, 21 
ATHEX, 182 
ATMs, 176 
Authorised Investments, 36 
BAC, 226 
Bank, 1 
Bank Account Agreement, 46 
Bank Accounts, 46 
Base Prospectus, 1 
Basel III, 82 
BCBS, 107, 226 
Benchmarks Regulation, 1 
Board, 240 
BoG, 226 
Bond Basis, 127 
Borrower, 89 
BRC, 229, 234, 248 
Broken Amount, 118 
BRR Law, 84, 261 
BRRD, 13 
BRRD II, 84 
BRRD Reforms, 84 
Business Day, 125 
Business Day Convention, 125 
CAE, 222 
Calculation Agent, 119 
Calculation Amount, 134 
Calculation Date, 30 
Capital Buffer Requirements, 259 
Capital Conservation Buffer, 255, 259 
CCO, 229 
CCPs, 259 
CcyB, 255 
CET1, 64, 255 
CGNC, 248 
Charged Property, 21 
Chief Risk Officer, 230 
CIB, 200 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 115, 151 
COBIT, 222 
Code of Conduct, 293 
Collection Account, 38 
Commission's Proposal, 319 
Commitments, 66 
Common Depositary, 151 
Common Safekeeper, 151 
Competent Court of First Instance, 290 
Conditions, 3, 113 
Council, 274 
Couponholders, 114 
Coupons, 113 
Cover Pool, 1 
Cover Pool Event of Default, 41 
Cover Pool Payment Date, 21 
Covered Bond Directive, 106, 108, 169 
Covered Bond Swap Early Termination 
Event, 315 
Covered Bondholder, 115 
Covered Bondholders, 3 
Covered Bonds, 1 
Covered Bonds Available Funds, 40 
COVID-19, 49

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
CPI, 64 
CRA Regulation, 1, 96 
CRD, 80 
CRD IV, 82 
CRD IV Directive, 82 
CRD V Directive, 86, 260 
Credit Institution, 39 
CRR, 80 
CRR II, 86, 261 
CRR Quick Fix, 278 
CSR, 241 
CSSF, 1 
Custodian, 16 
Custody Agreement, 46 
Day Count Fraction, 126 
DCS, 264 
Dealer, 1 
Dealers, 1 
Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a 
Second Chance Law, 273 
Deed of Charge, 45 
Deed of Charge Security, 311 
Definitive Covered Bond, 113 
Designated Maturity, 119 
Determination Date, 128 
Determination Period, 128 
DG Competition, 176 
Directive 2014/65/EU, 1 
disposal advisor, 272 
Dispute, 150 
Divestment Strategy, 271 
doBank, 63 
Documents, 148 
Domestic Banking Deposits, 189 
Domestic Banking Loans, 189 
DTAs, 12 
DTC Law, 80 
DTCs, 81 
DTT, 318 
DYPA, 28 
DYPA Savings Account, 38 
DYPA Subsidised Loans, 28 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, 134, 304 
Early Redemption Amount, 135 
EBA, 81 
EBA Guidelines, 81, 83 
EC, 50 
EC Proposals, 82, 260 
ECB, 11 
ECL, 195 
ED, 279 
EEA, 1 
EEA Credit Institution, 312 
EFSF, 57 
EGDICH, 283 
EIB, 192 
EIF, 192 
ELA, 11 
Eligible Investments, 30 
EMU, 6 
ENFIA, 63 
Enhanced Surveillance Framework”, 50 
ERM, 237 
ESA, 64 
ESI, 56 
ESM, 48 
ESMA, 1 
Established Rate, 135 
Ethniki Factors, 189 
Ethniki Insurance, 177 
Ethniki Leasing, 189 
EU, 49 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, 99 
EU CRR, 108 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, 102 
EURIBOR, 99, 119 
euro, 135 
Eurobond Basis, 127 
Euroclear, 115, 151 
European Semester, 49 
Euro-zone, 119 
EUWA, 154, 325 
EVE, 234 
EVO, 178 
Exchange Date, 151 
Exchange Event, 152 
Exchange Notice, 134 
ExCo, 226 
Exercise, 256 
Extended Final Maturity Date, 88 
Extension Decision, 281 
Extraordinary Resolution, 135 
FBEs, 83 
FDI, 59, 201 
Fed, 56 
FFA, 66 
FIEA, 325 
Final Maturity Date, 22 
Final Redemption Amount, 88, 132 
Final Terms, 1 
First Programme, 57 
Fixed Coupon Amount, 118 
Fixed Interest Period, 118, 128 
Floating Rate, 119 
Floating Rate Convention, 126 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, 18 
Floating Rate Option, 119 
FNPE, 202 
Following Business Day Convention, 126 
foreign passthru payments, 320

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
Foreign Tax Residents, 318 
Former Residence, 148 
FSMA, 325 
Fund, 86 
FVTOCI, 76 
GCRCD, 227 
GDP, 48 
GEMI, 282 
GFNs, 50 
Global Covered Bond, 113, 151 
Global Covered Bonds, 151 
GORMD, 227 
GRC, 238 
GRCRPMOD, 227 
Greece, 6 
Greek Banking Legislation, 83 
Greek Company Law, 169 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation, 20 
Greek State, 6 
Greek Tax Residents, 318 
Green Bonds, 102 
Green Eligible Projects, 328 
Green Projects, 102 
Group, 176 
GSRM, 227 
HCMC, 226 
HDB, 192 
HDIGF, 264 
Hedging Agreements, 46 
Hercules, 59, 281 
Hercules Scheme, 206 
HFSF, 12 
HFSF Law, 84, 241 
HFSF Observer, 240 
HICP, 56 
Holder of Covered Bonds, 115 
HRRC, 248 
HTCS, 76, 230 
IBOR, 99 
ICC, 203 
ICCC, 217 
ICFR, 221 
ICMA, 327 
ICS, 215 
ICT, 227 
IFRS, 6 
IGAs, 320 
Indebtedness, 35 
Indemnity, 44 
Independent Adviser, 124 
Individual Eligibility Criteria, 26 
Initial Decision, 281 
Insolvency Event, 301 
Institutions, 57 
Insurance Distribution Directive, 154 
Interest Amount, 121 
Interest Commencement Date, 129 
Interest Payment Date, 118, 129 
Interest Payment Dates, 129 
Interest Period, 119, 129 
Investor Put, 138 
Investor Report, 47 
Investor Report Date, 47 
Investor’s Currency, 108 
IOSCO, 259 
IRRBB, 233 
ISACA, 222 
ISDA Definitions, 119 
ISDA Determination, 119 
ISDA Rate, 119 
Issue Date, 18 
Issue Price, 21 
Issuer, 1, 113 
Issuer Call, 137 
Issuer Event, 141 
Issuer Insolvency Event, 35, 301 
Issuer Standard Variable Rate, 312 
KRI, 236 
Late Payment, 139 
LCR, 64 
Leverage Ratio, 260 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger, 307 
LoD, 235 
Long Maturity Covered Bond, 130 
LRE, 180 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, 17 
Marketable Assets, 29 
Master Definitions and Construction 
Schedule, 114 
Member State, 6 
Member States, 82, 119 
MFFA, 57 
MiFID II, 267, 324 
MiFID II Product Governance  Rules, 5 
MiFIR, 267 
Minimum Credit Rating, 25 
Minimum Rate of Interest, 135 
MIS, 275 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, 126 
Monitoring Trustee, 66, 247 
Moody’s, 2 
Mortgage, 27 
MoU, 50 
MREL, 13 
MREL-LRE, 180 
MREL-TREA, 180 
MRM, 238 
MVU, 227

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework, 103 
National Resolution Authority, 261 
NBG, 1 
NBG Asset Management, 200 
NBG BoG Account, 39 
NBG Egypt, 177 
NCAs, 255 
New Asset Type, 25 
New Company, 148 
New Residence, 148 
NFC, 195 
NGCB, 151 
NGEU, 51 
NII, 233 
Nominal Value of the Cover Pool, 29 
Non Viability Loss Absorption, 85 
not adjusted, 129 
Notice of Default, 41, 135, 143 
NPE reduction targets, 275 
NPE WUs, 275 
NPL vintage, 278 
NRRP, 50 
NSFR, 64 
OCP, 231 
OCR, 64, 81 
OEK, 27 
Official List, 1 
Optional Redemption Amount, 135, 137 
Optional Redemption Date, 137 
OR, 235 
ORMF, 235 
OTC, 230 
P2G, 81 
Paying Agents, 113, 310 
Payment Day, 132 
PEPP, 52 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, 151 
PMI, 56, 65 
Post Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of 
Payments, 43 
Post-Cover Pool Event of Default Priority of 
Payments, 117 
Post-Issuer Event Priority of Payments, 41, 
116 
Potential Cover Pool Event of Default, 135 
PPS, 49 
Preceding Business Day Convention, 126 
Pre-Notation, 27 
PRIIPs Regulation, 154 
Principal Amount Outstanding, 129 
Principal Paying Agent, 113 
Priorities of Payments, 43, 117 
Priority of Payments, 43, 117 
Prodea, 177 
Programme, 1 
Programme Agreement, 322 
Programme Closing Date, 45 
Programme Resolution, 145 
Prop Index Valuation, 32 
Prospectus Regulation, 1 
Put Notice, 138 
PWOC, 252 
RAF, 231 
Rate of Interest, 135 
Rating Agencies, 17 
Rating Agency, 17 
Rating Agency Confirmation, 96 
RCF, 228 
RCSA, 236 
Receiver, 21 
Redeemed Covered Bonds, 137 
Redenomination Date, 135, 149 
Reference Price, 135 
Registration Statement, 20 
Regulation 1024/2013, 254 
Regulation S, 4 
Relationship Framework Agreement, 270 
Relevant Date, 144 
relevant Dealer, 1 
Relevant Interest Determination Date, 122 
Relevant Nominating Body, 124 
Relibi Law, 320 
Replacement Servicer, 39 
Required Redemption Amount, 305 
Reset Date, 119 
Retail Collection Unit (“RCU”), 202 
Revised Restructuring Plan, 66 
RRF, 52, 64 
SB & RL Division, 198 
Screen Rate Determination, 135 
SEC, 250 
Second Programme, 57 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, 169 
Secondary Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation, 20 
Second-Party Opinion, 103 
Secured Creditors, 135 
Securities Act, 4 
SEE, 13 
Selected Loan Offer Notice, 303 
Selected Loan Removal Notice, 303 
Selected Loans, 303 
Selection Date, 137 
Senior Management, 177 
Series, 114 
Series Reserved Matter, 147 
Servicer, 15 
Servicer Termination Event, 300 
Servicer’s Notice, 140

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 44 
SIIs, 259 
Single Resolution Board, 86, 257 
Six Months 2022 Financial Statements, 110 
SMEs, 63 
SMR II Regulation, 258 
Social Bonds, 102 
Social Eligible Projects, 328 
Solvency II, 107 
SPA, 178 
Special Assets Unit (“SAU”), 202 
Specified Currency, 113 
Specified Denomination, 113 
Specified Period, 118 
Specified Time, 310 
SRB, 86, 257 
SREP, 63 
SRM, 86 
SRM Regulation, 82 
SSM, 67 
State, 49 
State Subsidised Loans, 28 
State/DYPA Subsidised Loans, 28 
Statutory Pledge, 20, 115 
Statutory Test, 28 
Statutory Tests, 28 
STC, 249 
Strategy and Transformation Committee, 
249 
Subordinated Termination Payment, 43 
Subscription Agreement, 47 
Subsidised Interest Amounts, 28 
Subsidised Loan, 28 
Subsidy Bank Account, 38 
Subsidy Payments, 38 
Sub-unit, 129 
Successor Rate, 124 
Sustainable Bonds, 102 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, 
103 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation, 
102 
sVaR, 231 
Swap Collateral, 40 
Systemic Risk Buffer, 255, 259 
Systemically Important Institutions Buffer, 
255 
Talons, 113 
TARGET2 System, 125 
TAU, 202 
Tax Credit, 80 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, 103 
Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, 103 
Temporary Global Covered Bond, 151 
Third Programme, 48 
Three Months 2023 Financial Statements, 
110 
TLTRO-III, 61 
TLTROs, 176 
TPI, 53 
Tranche, 114 
Transaction Account, 39 
Transaction Documents, 47 
TREA, 180 
Treaty, 136 
Trust Deed, 113 
Trustee, 113 
TSCR, 81, 255 
UCITS Directive, 106 
UK, 154 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, 99 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 5, 
155 
UK PRIIPs Regulation, 154 
VAT, 297 
VCV, 231 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, 19

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
National Bank of Greece S.A.  
86 Aiolou Street  
10559 Athens  
Greece 
 
ARRANGER 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
86 Aiolou Street  
10559 Athens  
Greece 
 
DEALER 
National Bank of Greece S.A.  
86 Aiolou Street  
10559 Athens  
Greece 
 
TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT  
Citibank N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
     To the Issuer as to Greek law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Dracopoulos & Vassalakis LP 
      Piazza della Croce Rossa, 2C, 00161 Rome  
  4 Karageorgi Servias Str. 
      Corso Giacomo Matteotti, 10, 20121 Milan  
        Athens 10562 
 
 Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greece 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers   
BusinessSolutions S.A.  
268 Kifissias Avenue   
Halandri 15232  
Greece 
 
AND  
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg  
69, route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg