--- Page 1 ---
EMIRATES NBD BANK PJSC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the United Arab Emirates) 
U.S.$20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Emirates NBD Bank PJSC ("ENBD", the "Bank" or the "Issuer") may from time to 
time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of 
all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject 
to increase as described herein. 
On 20 June 2002, Emirates Bank International PJSC ("EBI") entered into a U.S.$1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme. On 19 January 2005, the maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme was increased from U.S.$1,000,000,000 to U.S.$3,500,000,000 
and on 19 April 2007 such maximum aggregate nominal amount was further increased to U.S.$7,500,000,000. On 21 November 2009, EBI was legally amalgamated with ENBD. 
As a result of the amalgamation, all of the assets and liabilities of EBI were transferred to ENBD, EBI was dissolved and ENBD is now considered to be the issuer of the Notes 
issued by EBI prior to the date hereof. Any Notes issued under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to 
the date hereof. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References 
in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be 
to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk 
Factors" on pages 6 to 27. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted on a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II"). Application will be made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months from the date hereof to be admitted to the official 
list (the "Euronext Dublin Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of EU MiFID II.   
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA") under the DFSA's Markets Rule 2.6 and is therefore an Approved Prospectus 
for the purposes of Article 14 of the DFSA's Markets Law 2012. Application has also been made to the DFSA for certain Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of securities (the "DFSA Official List") maintained by the DFSA and to Nasdaq Dubai for such 
Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in this Base Prospectus, including the 
accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability for the content of this Base Prospectus lies with ENBD. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of the Notes 
to which this Base Prospectus relates to any particular investor or type of investor. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus or are unsure whether the Notes 
to which this Base Prospectus relates are suitable for your individual investment objectives and circumstances, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been: (i) admitted to listing on the Euronext Dublin Official 
List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or, as the case may be, another regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II; and/or (ii) admitted to 
listing on the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin, will be filed with the CBI and which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Nasdaq Dubai, will be delivered to the DFSA and Nasdaq Dubai. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until 13 July 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply after the end of its 12 month validity period.  
The rating of certain Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing such rating may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer has been assigned long-term credit ratings of A+ (stable outlook) and A3 (negative outlook) by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and Moody's Investors Service Cyprus 
Ltd ("Moody's"), respectively. The Issuer has been assigned short-term credit ratings of F1 and P-2 by Fitch and Moody's, respectively.  
Moody's is established in the European Union ("EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, Moody's is 
included 
in 
the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's to the Issuer are endorsed by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd., which is established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Financial Services Register. The ratings issued by Fitch 
to the Issuer are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether 
or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA.  
Arranger 
Emirates NBD Capital 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Emirates NBD Capital 
 
HSBC 
 
ING 
 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Nomura 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 July 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus complies with the requirements in Part 2 of the Markets Law (DIFC Law No. 1 of 
2012) and Chapter 2 of the Markets Rules and comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
ENBD accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of ENBD the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together 
with any supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms will be available from the registered office of ENBD and the specified 
offices of the Paying Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant Notes are neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area ("EEA") nor offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final 
Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity.  
Certain information contained in "Risk Factors", "Description of the Issuer – ENBD's Competition" and 
"The UAE Banking and Financial Services System" (as indicated therein) has been extracted from 
independent, third party sources. ENBD confirms that all third party information contained in this Base 
Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant, third party sources, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of any third party information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is stated where such information appears in this Base Prospectus. 
The accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus has not been 
independently verified by the Arranger or by the Dealers or any of their respective directors, officers, 
affiliates, advisers or agents. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective 
directors, officers, affiliates, advisers or agents as to: (i) the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by ENBD in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution; or (ii) for any acts or omissions of ENBD 
or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of any Notes under 
the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers accept any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by ENBD 
in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by ENBD to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by ENBD or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by ENBD or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of ENBD or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning ENBD is correct at any time

--- Page 3 ---
- ii - 
 
 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of ENBD during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the 
UK, Japan, Singapore, France, the Republic of Italy, Switzerland, Hong Kong, the United Arab Emirates 
(excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the PRC (which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC 
and Taiwan) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables or paragraphs may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them.

--- Page 4 ---
- iii - 
 
 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars, to 
"Dirham" and "AED" refer to United Arab Emirates Dirham, to "TRY" refer to Turkish lira, to "euro" and 
"€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended and all references to "CNY", 
"Renminbi" and "RMB" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the "PRC") which, 
for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
PRC, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. In addition, all references in this 
document to "UAE" are to the United Arab Emirates. 
All references in this document to "ISDA Definitions" refer to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time.  
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of 
historical facts included in this Base Prospectus may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as "may", 
"will", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "believe", "continue" or similar terminology. Although 
ENBD believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable at this 
time, there can be no assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including relevant Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted 
or published laws, regulations and/or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities similar to the 
Notes. There are risks inherent in the holding of the Notes, including risks relating to their subordination 
and the circumstances in which holders of the Notes may suffer a loss as a result of the holding of the Notes. 
For a discussion of certain considerations to be taken into account in respect of the holding of Notes, see 
"Risk Factors". Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial 
instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (a) Notes

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
 
 
are legal investments for it; (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (c) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk based capital or similar rules. 
USE OF BENCHMARKS 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks. Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the ESMA Benchmarks Register, 
are set out below.  
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears 
on ESMA Benchmarks 
Register 
BBSW  
ASX Limited 
No 
EIBOR  
UAE Central Bank 
No 
€STR 
European Central Bank 
No 
EURIBOR  
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes  
HIBOR 
Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association 
No 
LIBOR 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
No 
PRIBOR  
Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. 
Yes 
SAIBOR 
Thomson Reuters 
No 
SHIBOR  
National Interbank Funding Centre 
No 
SOFR 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
No 
SONIA 
Bank of England 
No 
TRLIBOR 
Banks Association of Turkey 
No 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of BBSW, EIBOR, HIBOR, LIBOR, SAIBOR, 
SHIBOR and TRLIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR and 
PRIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware: (a) €STR, SOFR and SONIA do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation; and (b) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that ASX Limited, UAE Central Bank, European Central Bank, Hong Kong Treasury Markets 
Association, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, Thomson Reuters, National Interbank Funding 
Centre, Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Bank of England and Banks Association of Turkey are not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration in the EU (or, in each case, if located outside the 
EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of an administrator. 
For definitions of the benchmarks set out above, see Condition 4(b)(ii) (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest).

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, ONE OR MORE 
DEALERS (THE "STABILISATION MANAGER(S)") (OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES 
DURING THE STABILISATION PERIOD AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT OCCUR. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE FINAL TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT 
MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS, REGULATIONS AND RULES. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled " EU MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of any Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor 
subject to the Product Governance rules set out in the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of any Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or

--- Page 7 ---
- vi - 
 
 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT  –  UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time 
to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification 
to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the 
purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "KSA CMA"). 
The KSA CMA does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the 
Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. 
If a prospective purchaser does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, he or she should consult 
an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). The Notes will 
not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 
of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF ONTARIO 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal, that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus

--- Page 8 ---
- vii - 
 
 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. If applicable, pursuant to section 
3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, 
section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105) or Ontario Instrument 33-
507 (Exemption from Underwriting Conflicts Disclosure Requirements), the Dealers are not required to 
comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with this offering.

--- Page 9 ---
- viii - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
OVERVIEW OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES........................................................ 28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 29 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 31 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 46 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 97 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 98 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................ 130 
THE UAE BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES SYSTEM ......................................................... 137 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 148 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 150 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 158

--- Page 10 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, is completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in the following description. 
Issuer: 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arranger: 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 
Merrill Lynch International 
 
Nomura International plc 
 
Société Générale 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement.  
Certain 
Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
"Subscription and Sale") including the restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Issuing and 
Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
 
Programme 
Size: 
Up to U.S.$20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and either on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis.  
Form of Notes: The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form, as described in "Form of 
the Notes". Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice 
versa.  
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes 
that will be held or registered in the name of a Common Depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined in "Form 
of the Notes" below). Except in the circumstances described in the Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Note. While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their respective participants. While Notes are represented by a Global Note, the 
Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under such Note by making 
payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to 
act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
 
Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest on their outstanding face amount at such 
floating rate determined: 
 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or  
 
 
(ii) 
by reference to the relevant Reference Rate (as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will bear interest: 
 
 
(i) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is 
more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date), at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest; and 
 
(ii) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, 
each successive Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per annum as is 
equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with Condition 4(c)(i), 
 
 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates(s) (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. 
 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms will indicate 
either that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons, 
regulatory reasons, following an Event of Default or following the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Denomination 
of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public 
either in a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under either the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") will be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in a relevant Specified Currency), subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements relating 
to a Specified Currency; however, for so long as any Series of Notes is 
represented by a Global Note and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg so 
permit, such Series of Notes shall be tradeable in minimum denominations of 
€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 thereafter. If a Global Note is 
exchanged for a Definitive Note at the option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall 
be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least €100,000. 
 
Payments: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to fiscal and other laws, as provided in Condition 
5(a) (Method of Payment). 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by the Tax Jurisdiction, subject as 
provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
 
Negative 
Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9(a) (Events of Default – Events of Default for Senior 
Notes).

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Status of the 
Notes: 
The Senior Notes issued on an unsubordinated basis will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves and at least pari passu with the claims of the Issuer's other 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors save those whose claims are preferred 
solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general 
application. 
 
 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, conditional (as described in 
Condition 2.1(b) (Status of the Notes – Status of the Subordinated Notes)) and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu amongst themselves. The 
payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes (whether 
on account of principal, interest or otherwise) will be subordinated to all 
unsubordinated payment obligations of the Issuer in the manner described below 
but will rank pari passu with all other subordinated payment obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the 
payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes and in priority to all claims 
of shareholders of the Issuer. The rights of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
against the Issuer are subordinated in right of payment to the claims of all Senior 
Creditors (as defined in Condition 2.1(b) (Status of the Notes –Status of the 
Subordinated Notes)) of the Issuer and accordingly payments in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) by 
the Issuer are conditional upon the Issuer being solvent (as defined in Condition 
2.1(b) (Status of the Notes – Status of the Subordinated Notes)) at the time of 
such payment and no payment shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes except to the extent that the Issuer could make such payment 
and any other payment required to be made to a creditor in respect of 
indebtedness which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes and still be solvent immediately thereafter. 
 
Substitution: 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that ENBD may at any time, without 
the consent of Noteholders, agree to the substitution of a member of the Group, 
as defined in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), as principal debtor under any Notes 
in place of itself, in the circumstances described in Condition 17 (Substitution) 
of the Conditions. 
 
Ratings: 
The ratings assigned to each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
The Programme is expected to be assigned a long term rating of A+ and a short 
term rating of F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited and a long term rating of A3 by 
Moody's Investors Services Cyprus Limited. 
 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless: (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established under the EU CRA 
Regulation; or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless: (i) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
UK CRA Regulation; or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.   
Listing and 
admission to 
trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the period of 
twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the Euronext Dublin Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.  
 
 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the DFSA Official List. An application may be 
made for any Series to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
in relation to the Series. 
 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
 
Governing 
Law and 
jurisdiction: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
 
 
The Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, relating to or having any 
connection with the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. In respect of any dispute, claim, difference or controversy 
under any such Programme Agreement, Agency Agreement and Deed of 
Covenant, the Issuer has consented to arbitration in accordance with the LCIA 
Arbitration Rules unless the Issuer or any Dealer (in the case of the Programme 
Agreement) elects to have the dispute, claim, difference or controversy resolved 
by a court, in which case the English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle such dispute. 
 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, the EEA, the UK, Japan, Singapore, France, the Republic of Italy, 
Switzerland, Hong Kong, the UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
and the PRC (which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
 
United States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or TEFRA D or TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of the 
Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
If any of the risks described below actually materialise, the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as defined below) 
business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
If that were to occur, the trading price of the Notes could decline and investors could lose all or part of 
their investment. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent all the material risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to them or which they may not 
currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in 
this section. References in "Risks relating to ENBD's business which may affect ENBD's ability to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme" and "Risks relating to the UAE and the 
MENAT region" to "ENBD" shall be deemed to refer to the Group, unless the context otherwise requires. 
The factors included below have been classified into the following categories: (i) Risks relating to ENBD's 
business which may affect ENBD's ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of Notes issued under the 
Programme; (ii) Risks relating to the UAE and the MENAT region; (iii) Risks relating to enforcement of 
ENBD's obligations under Notes issued under the Programme; (iv) Factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme; and (v) Risks 
related to the market generally. 
Risks relating to ENBD's business which may affect ENBD's ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of Notes issued under the Programme  
Risks arising from ENBD's business activities  
In the course of its business activities, ENBD is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which 
are market risks, liquidity risks, credit risks and operational risks. Difficult macro-economic and financial 
market conditions have affected and could continue to materially adversely affect ENBD's business. 
Market risks 
ENBD is exposed to diverse financial instruments including fixed income products, foreign currencies, 
equities and commodities and deals in both physical as well as cash and derivative instruments. Market risk 
is the risk that the value of financial instruments in ENBD's and its subsidiaries' (together with ENBD, the 
"Group") inventories (with the inclusion of some other financial assets and liabilities) will produce a loss 
because of changes in future market conditions. 
ENBD, in common with other financial institutions, is susceptible to changes in the macroeconomic 
environment and the performance of financial markets generally. Dubai enjoys a relatively diverse 
economy, and the three biggest sectors are wholesale and retail trade, transportation and storage and 
financial and insurance activities (comprising 23.0 per cent., 12.1 per cent. and 11.6 per cent., respectively, 
of Dubai's GDP at constant prices in the three months ended 31 March 2020 (according to preliminary 
estimates by the Dubai Statistics Centre)). However, any significant impact on international oil prices may 
have a negative impact on regional spending and liquidity, and consequently, is likely to affect Dubai's 
economy indirectly through its impact on the trade, construction, real estate, tourism and banking sectors 
in particular, given the openness of the economy which has no capital or exchange controls. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the global macroeconomic climate remains volatile. Investor 
confidence in international debt and equity markets (and, in turn, the performance of those markets) could 
be adversely impacted by recent political events. In particular, the UK's "leave" vote in the June 2016 
referendum on its membership of the European Union ("EU") and the election of Donald J. Trump as 
President of the United States resulted in periods of significant under and (as applicable) over performance

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
in financial markets including, for example, the strong performance of U.S. equities following the Trump 
administration coming into office. Additionally, the impact of "Brexit" on the general political and macro-
economic conditions in the UK and across the EU is expected to continue to be significant, as the UK and 
the EU navigate the implementation and practicalities of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. 
In November 2020, Joseph R. Biden Jr was elected as President of the United States for the term 2021 to 
2024 and was inaugurated in January 2021. Given his limited time in office so far, some of President Biden's 
foreign policy objectives, including trade, immigration, military and economic support of historic partners 
have remained somewhat uncertain and it is not clear what impact the new administration's policies will 
have on a global economic and geopolitical level. There has also been a dispersion of global economic 
power from the U.S. and Europe towards China and emerging markets, providing a backdrop for greater 
U.S.-China competition. Furthermore, sanctions targeting the Russian government, institutions and 
individuals have had (and are continuing to have) an adverse effect on the Russian economy, and further 
sanctions may be possible. For example, in April 2021, the U.S. imposed sanctions against Russia, in 
response to alleged cyber-attacks, which may lead to retaliation in kind by Russia and increased tensions 
between the two countries. Prolonged uncertainty as to how such developments could affect the wider 
global economy and ENBD's customers and counterparties could lead to lower recoverability and have a 
materially adverse effect on ENBD. 
Movements in global interest rates have also continued to be unpredictable. The decision of the U.S. Federal 
Reserve to increase U.S. overnight interest rates between December 2015 and December 2018 by an 
aggregate 225 basis points (in nine separate increments of 25 basis points each) exacerbated the reduced 
liquidity environment and contributed to a prevailing mood of economic uncertainty. However, in 2019 the 
U.S. Federal Reserve decreased U.S. overnight interest rates by an aggregate 75 basis points (in three 
separate increments of 25 basis points each) and in 2020 U.S. overnight interest rates were further cut to 
near zero in response to the COVID-19 outbreak (discussed further below). Continued slowdown in the 
global economic environment, together with any reduction in governmental spending and the likely impact 
on the level of economic activity in the UAE, the Republic of Turkey ("Turkey") and the wider Middle 
East, North Africa and Turkey ("MENAT") region may have an adverse effect on ENBD's credit risk 
profile. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in 
sporadic volatility in global markets. The coronavirus known as COVID 19 was first identified in Wuhan, 
Hubei Province, China in late 2019. While the spread of COVID 19 has slowed in China, it has spread to 
many countries around the world. In March 2020, certain countries, including the UAE, began imposing travel 
restrictions, social distancing and other restrictions, which aim to reduce in person interactions. These 
measures, while designed to slow the spread of COVID 19, resulted in significant reductions in economic 
activity globally. To date, the COVID 19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, lowered 
equity market valuations in many countries, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, 
decreased interest rates and increased unemployment levels, with global GDP contracting by 4.3 per cent. 
during 2020 according to data published by the World Bank. 
The impact of the pandemic on the GCC region was relatively severe due to the resultant large drop in oil 
prices and concerns over excess oil production and its storage (as discussed further below). Though some 
restrictive measures have been reduced in certain countries and economic activity has begun to recover in 
certain markets, it is currently unclear how long existing restrictions will be in place, the duration of possible 
future restrictions and what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies. 
In addition to this, the movement restrictions imposed globally in response to the pandemic significantly 
impacted the UAE's tourism and hospitality sectors. This has been evidenced through the 67 per cent. 
decrease in international visitors to Dubai, the UAE's hotspot for international tourists, between 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (source: Dubai Department of Tourism and Commerce).  
In response to the impact of the COVID-19 virus on their domestic economies, various governments around 
the world have announced fiscal stimulus packages (see further "The UAE Banking and Financial Services 
System – COVID 19") and numerous central banks have cut interest rates. Specifically, on 3 March 2020, the 
U.S. Federal Reserve cut its target range for the federal funds rate from between 1.50 per cent. and 1.75 per 
cent. to between 1.00 per cent. and 1.25 per cent. and, on 15 March 2020, the target range was cut further to 
between 0 per cent. and 0.25 per cent. In response to this, on 3 March 2020 the Central Bank of the UAE (the 
"UAE Central Bank") announced that it would cut the interest rate on certificates of deposit in line with the 
U.S. dollar rates and on 16 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank further cut the interest rate applicable to one-
week certificates of deposit by 75 basis points from 1.00 per cent. to 0.25 per cent. and reduced rates

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
applicable to the interim margin lending facility and the collateralised murabaha facility by 50 basis points 
to 50 basis points above the repurchase rate for UAE Central Bank certificates of deposits. 
The continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is dependent on future developments, which are highly 
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and further actions taken 
by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic.  
The OPEC Reference Basket price has fallen significantly since January 2020. In early March 2020, OPEC 
officials proposed a plan to the members of OPEC and other non-OPEC member countries, including Russia, 
to cut global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three-year partnership between 
OPEC and major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in 'OPEC plus' failing to extend the agreement 
of cutting 2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. As such in March 2020, 
Saudi Arabia announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. In early April 2020, 
'OPEC plus' announced that it had reached an agreement to cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day, 
however this action failed to support sufficiently the oil market with prices falling in the days following that 
announcement. This agreement was extended until July 2020, beyond which a gradual easing of the cuts was 
scheduled. As a result of the above factors and the COVID-19 outbreak weakening the demand for oil, the 
OPEC Reference Basket price fell significantly. Furthermore, certain oil prices turned negative during April 
2020 (with the West Texas Intermediate benchmark falling as low as minus U.S.$37.63 a barrel), as 
weakened demand, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, led to buyers being paid to take oil due to storage 
capacity concerns. The OPEC Reference Basket price continued to fluctuate throughout 2020 and the start 
of 2021, reaching U.S.$63.07 as at 31 March 2021.  
In the UAE, the prevailing low oil price environment has stimulated a federal government led policy of 
rationalisation of fiscal spending which, in turn, has led to an ongoing transformation within the UAE 
economy. The federal government has scaled back capital transfers to government-related entities, cut 
government investment, raised electricity and water tariffs and removed fuel subsidies. Further, with effect 
from 1 January 2018, the federal government introduced a value-added tax ("VAT") regime in the UAE 
at a rate of 5 per cent. 
These significant fiscal reforms have become an integral part of a broader federal government strategy 
aimed at reducing fiscal expenditure generally and fiscal dependency on hydrocarbon related revenues. 
When taken in totality with the ongoing oil price volatility, the diversion of significant fiscal revenues to 
the Saudi Arabian led military intervention in the Republic of Yemen between 2015 and 2020 and domestic 
job losses in both the private and public sectors across the UAE (and particularly within Abu Dhabi), the 
impact on the UAE economy since early 2015 has been, and is expected to continue to be, significant. This 
ongoing transformative process in the domestic economy may have a material adverse effect on ENBD's 
loan portfolio and its credit risk profile generally. 
Further, and in response to the ongoing volatility through 2015 and 2016, certain regional oil producing 
countries that have traditionally "pegged" their domestic currencies to the U.S. dollar have faced pressure 
to remove these foreign exchange "pegs". During 2015, each of Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan chose to unwind 
the U.S. dollar peg of their domestic currencies. While the likelihood of the GCC states pursuing a similar 
course of action is unclear, the UAE Central Bank has, as recently as June 2016, re-iterated its intention to 
retain the UAE dirham peg against the U.S. dollar, there remains a risk that any such future de-pegging by 
the GCC states (in the event that the current challenging market conditions or the volatility in global crude 
oil prices seen since mid-2014 persist for a prolonged period) would pose a systemic risk to the regional 
banking systems by virtue of the inevitable de-valuation of any such de-pegged currency against the U.S. 
dollar and the impact this would have on the open cross-currency positions held by regional banks, 
including ENBD. 
These volatile market conditions have resulted in reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of 
price transparency in global credit and capital markets. For instance, economic growth in the UAE has 
fluctuated from 5.1 per cent in 2015 to 3.0 per cent in 2016, 2.4 per cent in 2017, 1.2 per cent in 2018, 1.7 
per cent. in 2019 before contracting by 6.2 per cent. in 2020 (source: Bloomberg and ENBD internal 
research (real GDP%)). Non-oil growth in the UAE slowed as external demand softened and lower oil 
prices led to a slowdown in government spending. The adverse market conditions have impacted investment 
markets both globally and in the UAE, with increased volatility in interest rates and exchange rates. The 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of ENBD may be materially adversely 
affected by a continuation of the general unfavourable economic conditions in the MENAT region and

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
emerging markets generally as well as by United States, European and international trading market 
conditions and/or related factors. 
Whilst ENBD believes that it has implemented the appropriate policies, systems and processes to minimise 
these risks (please see "Description of the Issuer – Risk Management"), investors should note that a 
worsening of current financial market conditions could lead to further decreases in investor and consumer 
confidence, further market volatility, further economic disruption and, as a result, could have an adverse 
effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of ENBD (including, for 
example, ENBD's net interest margin) irrespective of steps currently taken to adequately control these risks. 
The business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of ENBD has been materially 
adversely affected by these trends and may be further materially adversely affected by a continuation of the 
general unfavourable economic conditions in the markets in the other countries of the GCC and emerging 
markets generally as well as by United States, European and international trading market conditions and/or 
related factors. 
Liquidity risks 
Liquidity risk refers to the inability of ENBD to fund an increase in assets and meet obligations as they 
become due (structural funding risk), or the inability to convert assets into cash at reasonable prices (market 
liquidity risk). The risk arises from mismatches in the amount and timings of cash flows. 
In the second half of 2008, a liquidity crisis arose in the global credit markets due to a large number of 
borrower defaults in the sub-prime mortgage loan market in the United States of America. The crises 
expanded to affect all levels of the international economy. 
In particular, and in part reflecting the effects of the global economic crisis, the UAE financial markets 
experienced comparatively reduced levels of liquidity from the third quarter of 2008 and throughout 2009. 
Liquidity is essential to the performance of the banking sector and the business of ENBD, and during this 
period, a number of measures were taken in an attempt to improve the liquidity levels in the UAE by the 
UAE Ministry of Finance and the UAE Central Bank, including, but not limited to, regular contact and 
intervention with respect to UAE banks to provide liquidity to the market (UAE Ministry of Finance 
deposits and UAE Central Bank funding support). 
While the liquidity situation in the UAE improved from 2010 to 2014, it did deteriorate in 2015 and 2016 
as the system experienced a decrease in the level of government deposits and increased competition for 
liquidity from regional banks, which resulted in an increase in the loan to deposit ratio across the UAE 
banking system before improving again in 2017 and 2018. Whilst ENBD does not materially rely on 
government deposits, and generally enjoys healthy levels of liquidity, there is no guarantee that this trend 
will persist or that any improvement in liquidity will continue in the future.  
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the UAE Central Bank implemented the Targeted Economic 
Support Scheme (as amended from time to time, the "TESS") which, amongst other things, provides UAE 
banks, including ENBD, with access to zero cost funding with a view to improving market liquidity (see 
further "The UAE Banking and Financial Services System – COVID 19"). Any future shortage of liquidity 
in the UAE and the MENAT region financial markets could have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects of ENBD. 
Credit risks 
Credit risk is defined as risk of financial loss arising from the failure of the customer or counterparty, to 
meet its contractual obligations to ENBD. It can arise from both funded and non-funded transactions that 
are contingent in nature. 
As mentioned above under "– Risks arising from ENBD's business activities – Market risks", the UAE 
economy was negatively impacted by the global economic downturn, which affected some of the UAE's 
key economic sectors including trade, tourism, real estate and commerce. As a result of these adverse 
market conditions, certain of the customers to which ENBD directly extends credit, as well as counterparties 
of ENBD, experienced decreased revenues, financial losses, insolvency, difficulty in obtaining access to 
financing, increased funding costs and problems servicing their debt obligations or other expenses as they 
became due.

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Although ENBD did experience improving credit quality ratios in recent years, the current uncertainty in 
the global markets could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations. For example, ENBD increased its non-performing loan coverage, through higher provisioning, 
in the twelve months ended 31 December 2020 to address high levels of non-performing loans expected in 
2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, uncertainty remains as to the full extent of the 
impact of COVID-19 on credit quality and further provisioning may be required in subsequent financial 
periods.   
Concentration risk 
Concentrations in the loan/financing receivable and deposit portfolio of ENBD subject it to risks from 
default by its larger borrowers, from exposure to particular sectors of the UAE economy and from 
withdrawal of large deposits. The loans and receivables/financing receivables portfolio of ENBD shows 
industry and borrower concentration. 
ENBD's loan portfolio is concentrated, geographically, in the UAE and Turkey. The ten largest private 
sector borrowers (which excludes those borrowers which are either wholly or majority owned by the 
Government of Dubai or the Ruler of Dubai, H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum) of the 
Group represented 3.6 per cent. of its total gross loans and receivables as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 
December 2020, ENBD's largest funded exposure to a private sector borrower was AED 3.1 billion, which 
constitutes 0.6 per cent. of its total gross loans and receivables (as at 31 December 2020) and 3.8 per cent. 
of its total regulatory capital (total regulatory capital being AED 82.4 billion as at 31 December 2020). 
In terms of the industry concentration of the Group's total credit risk portfolio, pertaining to conventional 
loans and receivables as at 31 December 2020, financial institutions and investment companies accounted 
for 4.2 per cent., construction and real estate combined accounted for 15.4 per cent., trade and 
manufacturing combined accounted for 10.2 per cent., sovereign accounted for 38.4 per cent., personal 
finance accounted for 14.4 per cent. and other sectors accounted for 17.4 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's corporate banking customers represented 45.7 per cent. of the sum 
of customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits. 
Real estate exposure 
As at 31 December 2020, exposures to real estate and construction constituted 9.5 per cent. and 3.1 per 
cent., respectively, of the Group's total credit risk exposure. The Group's total funded real estate and 
construction exposure stood at AED 74.4 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
Although Dubai witnessed increased activity across all segments of the real estate market since 2013 due 
to favourable rebalancing of the underlying demand/supply dynamics and improved investor interest, more 
restrictive mortgage regulations and higher transaction taxes introduced during 2014 contributed to a 
reduction of activity in the real estate market. Slower price growth in the real estate market became evident 
from April 2014, as the stronger U.S. dollar contributed to weaker demand from foreign investors. 
According to Cavendish Maxwell's property monitor report, apartment and villa/townhouse prices in Dubai 
registered a 12 month average decline of 4.4 per cent. from December 2019 to December 2020. The 
challenging economic situation since mid-2014, coupled with the strength of the U.S. dollar, may have 
affected demand from investors. Although, it is anticipated that Expo 2020 will encourage an upwards trend 
in real estate prices, particularly in the Dubai South area where the Expo site is located, a further real estate 
correction or default of ENBD's main real estate-related clients in the future could have a material adverse 
effect on the financial condition, results of operation and prospects of ENBD. 
Principal shareholder and governmental support 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government of Dubai indirectly holds 55.75 per cent. of the 
share capital of ENBD. Investment Corporation of Dubai ("ICD"), which is wholly-owned by the 
Government of Dubai, holds shares in ENBD directly. However, the Government of Dubai does not 
explicitly or implicitly guarantee the financial obligations of ENBD (including in respect of the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme) nor does it, like any other shareholder (acting through ICD), have any legal 
obligation to provide any support or additional funding for any of ENBD's future operations. 
Neither the Government of Dubai nor the UAE Federal Government are under any obligation to invest in, 
make deposits with, do business with or otherwise support ENBD. The Government of Dubai and the UAE

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Federal Government may, whether directly or through government-owned entities, at any time and for any 
reason, dispose of its investments in, withdraw its deposits from, cease to do business with or otherwise 
cease to support ENBD. The reduction or elimination of governmental support could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of ENBD. 
Competition 
ENBD faces high levels of competition for all products and services. ENBD competes primarily with a 
large number of other domestic banks in the UAE, some of which are also owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the governments of the relevant Emirates, government-related entities or members of the ruling families of 
the relevant Emirates. As at 31 December 2020, there were a total of 58 banks registered in the UAE 
(source: the UAE Central Bank). ENBD's main domestic competitors in terms of size of banking franchise 
and product and customer segments are First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C., Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank 
P.J.S.C., Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., Mashreqbank PSC, Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. and HSBC 
Bank Middle East. Amongst banks in the UAE market, as at 31 December 2020, ENBD ranked second in 
terms of total assets, deposits and loans (source: year-end financials for each of the aforementioned banks). 
However, there can be no assurance that ENBD will be able to maintain this ranking in the future. 
In addition to the local commercial banks in the UAE, ENBD competes with a number of international 
banks in investment advisory, investment banking, corporate advisory, finance and other services. In the 
large corporate and government client segments, ENBD faces competition from international banks and 
such competition is expected to increase in the UAE over time. Although ENBD seeks to cooperate with 
some of the top-tier international banks, especially in securities underwriting and distribution, it will also 
compete with them in other areas, particularly in corporate advisory and treasury operations in which these 
banks have a long history of successful operations in other regions. 
Further, the UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional standards, with 58 different 
banks (comprising 21 locally incorporated banks and 37 foreign banks) licensed to operate inside the UAE 
as at 31 December 2020 serving a population estimated to be in the region of 9.9 million in mid-2020 
(source: Statistical Yearbook 2020 edition, United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, 
Statistics Division). There has traditionally been little impetus for consolidation. However, the merger 
between National Bank of Abu Dhabi P.J.S.C. ("NBAD") and First Gulf Bank P.J.S.C. ("FGB"), which 
was consummated on 30 March 2017, has stimulated further moves towards greater consolidation amongst 
UAE banks. In 2019, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C., Union National Bank P.J.S.C. and Al Hilal 
Bank P.J.S.C. agreed a merger to create the third largest bank in the UAE, which was completed in May 
2019 (source: Bloomberg). In January 2020, Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C also announced the completion 
of its acquisition of Noor Bank P.J.S.C (source: Reuters).  
While any such attempts at further consolidation would reduce the level of concentration in the domestic 
banking sector, they would also likely lead to a significant alteration of the competitive environment with 
fewer, larger locally incorporated banks competing for the larger financing transactions in the region with 
the foreign banks, which have tended to have comparatively larger franchises, with greater infrastructure 
and resources with which to absorb capital costs, such as information technology system development (see 
"The UAE Banking and Financial Services System – Principal Banks in the UAE – Characteristics of the 
Banking System"). 
Generally, the banking market in the UAE has been a relatively protected market with high regulatory and 
other barriers to entry for foreign financial institutions. However, should some of these barriers be removed 
or eased in the future, either voluntarily or as a result of the UAE's obligations to the World Trade 
Organisation (the "WTO"), the GCC or any other similar entities, it is likely to lead to a more competitive 
environment for ENBD and other domestic financial institutions. Such increase in competition could have 
a material adverse effect on the businesses, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of 
ENBD. 
ENBD's Turkish subsidiary, DenizBank A.Ş ("DenizBank"), competes with both state owned banks and, 
more recently, international banks with banking operations in Turkey. As at 31 December 2020, there were 
a total of 54 banks (excluding the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey ("CBT")) in Turkey, 21 of which 
were banks with foreign ownership (source: Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency). The entry of 
foreign-owned banks to the Turkish market, either directly (such as MUFG Bank Turkey A.Ş. which 
commenced operations in November 2013) or indirectly through collaborations with existing Turkish 
banks, may increase the already significant competition for DenizBank in the market.

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Although DenizBank has been adapting to changing conditions to limit the effects of competition on its 
operations (for instance through its focus on digitalisation and the introduction of its "fastPay" digital wallet 
application), competitive pressures could result in margin compression or DenizBank being unable to keep 
pace with competitors' development of new products and services, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Foreign exchange movements may adversely affect the profitability of ENBD 
ENBD maintains its accounts and reports its results in AED. The UAE dirham has been pegged at a fixed 
exchange rate to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980. ENBD is exposed to the potential impact of any 
alteration to or abolition of this foreign exchange peg. (see also "– Risks arising from ENBD's business 
activities – Market risks"). 
In addition, the depreciation of the Turkish Lira against the U.S. dollar or other major currencies might 
adversely affect the financial condition of DenizBank which would in turn affect the financial condition of 
the Group.  
A negative change in credit ratings could limit ENBD's ability to raise funding and may increase its 
borrowing costs 
ENBD currently has a long-term senior unsecured foreign currency rating of A+ with a stable outlook from 
Fitch and a senior unsecured foreign currency rating of A3 with a negative outlook from Moody's. These 
ratings, which are intended to measure ENBD's ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, are an 
important factor in determining ENBD's cost of borrowing funds. ENBD's ratings could be affected by any 
changes in the ratings of the UAE.  
On 15 February 2021, Moody's Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd ("Moody's Singapore") affirmed the 
UAE's long-term credit rating of Aa2 (with a stable outlook). The rating has been endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's Singapore is not 
established in the European Union or the UK and is not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or UK 
CRA Regulation. A principal reason cited by Moody's Singapore for this high investment grade rating is 
the assumption that the obligations of the UAE Federal Government will be unconditionally supported by 
Abu Dhabi. On 11 November 2020, Fitch assigned the UAE a long-term foreign currency issuer default 
rating of AA- with a stable outlook citing the UAE's strong net external asset position and high GDP per 
capita.  
DenizBank currently has a long-term foreign currency issuer default rating of B+ with a stable outlook and 
a long-term local currency issuer default rating of BB- with a stable outlook from Fitch. These ratings, 
which are intended to measure DenizBank's ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, are an 
important factor in determining DenizBank's cost of borrowing funds. DenizBank's ratings could be 
affected by any changes in the ratings of the Government of Turkey.  
On 11 September 2020, Moody's Investors Service Inc. ("Moody's Inc.") downgraded the Government of 
Turkey's long-term issuer rating to B2 with a negative outlook. Moody's Inc. cited Turkey's increasing 
external vulnerabilities, the inaction by the country's institutions to address the challenges to Turkey's credit 
profile and Turkey's eroding fiscal buffers. Moody's Inc. is not established in the European Union or the 
UK and is not registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. 
An announcement of a negative ratings outlook of ENBD's or DenizBank's credit rating may also limit the 
Group's ability to raise capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in ENBD's credit ratings may affect 
the market value of the Notes. 
Importance of key personnel 
ENBD's ability to maintain and grow its business will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to recruit 
and retain qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. ENBD may face challenges in 
recruiting and retaining qualified personnel to manage its business from time to time and, if it is to continue 
to grow, will need to continue to increase its employee numbers. 
Additionally, in 2005, the UAE Federal Government recommended a policy, pursuant to Ministerial Order 
43, that banks operating in the UAE recruit UAE nationals representing at least 4 per cent. of their total 
employees each year. In 2017, this policy was replaced with a points based system under which a bank is

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
allocated its Emiratisation quota by way of target points on an annual basis. In common with other banks 
in the UAE, ENBD experiences a shortage of, and competition to recruit and retain, qualified UAE national 
employees. If ENBD is unable to meet or exceed the UAE Federal Government's recommended policy for 
recruiting UAE nationals, it may be subject to legal penalties including with respect to its current licences, 
and may be prevented from obtaining additional licences necessary in order to allow it to expand its 
business. 
While ENBD currently meets (and exceeds) the UAE Federal Government's "Emiratisation" requirements 
(in particular, see "Management of the Issuer – Emiratisation") and believes that it has effective staff 
recruitment, training and incentive programmes in place, if it was unable to retain key members of its senior 
management and/or remove underperforming staff and/or hire new qualified personnel in a timely manner, 
this could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
ENBD's business is dependent on its information and technology systems which are subject to potential 
cyber-attack 
In common with other financial institutions based in the MENAT region and elsewhere in the world, there 
is a growing threat to the security of ENBD's information and customer data from cyber-attacks. Activists, 
rogue states and cyber criminals are amongst those targeting computer systems around the world. Risks to 
technology and cyber-security change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. Given the 
increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to 
significant breaches of security. Failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and continually review 
and update current processes in response to new threats could have an adverse effect on ENBD's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks relating to the UAE and the MENAT region 
Political, economic and related considerations 
While the UAE has historically enjoyed significant economic growth and relative political stability, there 
can be no assurance that such growth or stability will continue. Investors should note that ENBD's 
businesses and financial performance may be affected by the financial, political and general economic 
conditions prevailing from time to time in the UAE and the MENAT region. This is particularly so in light 
of significant adverse financial and economic conditions experienced worldwide commencing in early 
2008. Since that time, there has been a slowdown or reversal of the high rates of growth that had been 
experienced by many countries within the GCC and the UAE, especially in Dubai. Consequently, certain 
sectors of the GCC economy such as financial institutions that had benefitted from such high growth rates, 
could be adversely affected by any future slowdown. 
No assurance can be given that the UAE Government will not implement regulations or fiscal or monetary 
policies, including policies, regulations, or new legal interpretations of existing regulations, relating to or 
affecting taxation, interest rates or exchange controls, or otherwise take actions which could have an adverse 
effect on ENBD's business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or ability to perform its 
obligations under the Programme, or which could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the 
Notes. 
While the UAE is seen as a relatively stable political environment, certain other jurisdictions in the MENAT 
region are not and there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact the UAE. Instability in 
the MENAT region may result from a number of factors, including government or military regime change, 
civil unrest or terrorism. In particular, since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of countries 
in the MENAT region, including Egypt, Algeria, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, Libya, the Kingdom 
of Bahrain, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Yemen, the Republic of Iraq (Kurdistan), Syria, 
Palestine, Tunisia, Turkey and the Sultanate of Oman.  
This unrest has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict (including the 
multinational conflict with the Islamic State (also known as Daesh, ISIS or ISIL)) and the overthrow of 
existing leadership and has given rise to increased political uncertainty across the region. Further, in 2015, 
Saudi Arabia commenced a military intervention in the Republic of Yemen in response to requests for 
assistance from the Yemeni government against the Al Houthi militia. The UAE was a member of this 
intervention before withdrawing its military in 2020. In 2021, Saudi Arabia proposed a ceasefire in Yemen

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
which the Al Houthi militia provisionally accepted in March 2021. The UAE is a member of another Saudi 
Arabian led military coalition formed in December 2015 to combat Islamic extremism and, in particular, 
the Islamic State. Additionally, in June 2017 a number of MENA countries including the UAE, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain and Egypt severed diplomatic relations with the State 
of Qatar, citing the State of Qatar's alleged support for terrorism and accusing the State of Qatar of creating 
instability in the region. The termination of diplomatic relations included the withdrawal of ambassadors 
and imposing trade and travel bans. The three year embargo came to an end in January 2021 with diplomatic 
relations with the State of Qatar being reinstated following the signing of the Al-Ula Agreement by the 
United Arab Emirates, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Kuwait, 
Oman and Egypt. 
In addition, there are ongoing tensions between the United States and Iran, which were heightened in 
January 2020 following the killing of Iranian General Qasem Soleimani by a United States drone strike and 
retaliatory attacks by Iran on United States military bases in the Republic of Iraq.  
These situations have caused significant disruption to the economies of affected countries and may have 
had a destabilizing effect on international oil and gas prices (see further "Risk Factors – Risks relating to 
ENBD's business which may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of Notes issued under the 
Programme – Risks arising from ENBD's business activities – Market risks"). 
Though the effects of the uncertainty have been varied, it is not possible to predict the occurrence of events 
or circumstances such as war or hostilities, or the impact of such occurrences, and no assurance can be 
given that the UAE would be able to sustain its current economic growth levels if adverse political events 
or circumstances were to occur. Continued instability affecting the countries in the MENAT region could 
adversely impact the UAE although to date there has been no significant impact on Dubai or the UAE. 
Dubai is also dependent on expatriate labour and has made significant efforts in recent years to attract high 
volumes of foreign businesses and tourists to the Emirate. These steps make it potentially more vulnerable 
should regional instability increase. In addition, the continued instability affecting countries in the MENAT 
region could negatively impact the number of foreign businesses seeking to invest in the UAE, whilst also 
affecting the number of tourists visiting the UAE. 
A general downturn, political instability or instability in certain sectors of the UAE or the regional economy 
could have an adverse effect on ENBD's businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Impact of regulatory changes in the UAE  
ENBD is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks, ensure its compliance with economic, social and other objectives and limit its exposure 
to risk. These regulations include UAE federal laws and regulations (particularly those of the UAE Federal 
Government and the UAE Central Bank, as well as the laws and regulations of the other countries in which 
ENBD operates) (in particular, see "The UAE Banking and Financial Services System – Recent Trends in 
Banking"). Such regulations may, amongst other things, limit ENBD's ability to increase its loan/financing 
receivable portfolios or raise capital or may increase its cost of doing business. 
Any changes in the laws and regulations and/or the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced may 
have a material adverse effect on ENBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
In particular, any changes in UAE Central Bank regulations or policy may affect ENBD's reserves, 
provisions, impairment allowances and other applicable ratios. For example, in accordance with Central 
Bank Notice No. 33/2015 on liquidity requirements (which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 
May 2015 and which entered into force with effect from 1 July 2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 
30/2012) (the "Liquidity Notice"), ENBD must comply with certain qualitative and quantitative liquidity 
requirements (see "The UAE Banking and Financial Services System").  
On 23 February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the 
"February 2017 Regulations") in the Official Gazette issue 612, which were effective from 1 February 
2017. The February 2017 Regulations are supported by accompanying standards, including the Standards 
for Capital Adequacy of Banks in the UAE issued in November 2020 by the UAE Central Bank by virtue 
of Notice No. CBUAE/BSD/N/2020/4980 (the "Capital Standards"). The Capital Standards elaborate on 
the supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank, as set out in the February 2017 Regulations, with 
respect to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements and how they will be applied by the UAE

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
Central Bank to banks in the UAE. This impacts the capital requirements of UAE banks, including ENBD. 
Any failure by the Issuer to maintain required regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions 
or sanctions, which may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
In addition, Federal Law No. (14) of 2018 Regarding the Central Bank & Organization of Financial 
Institutions and Activities (the "2018 Federal Law") (Article 116) indicates that the UAE Central Bank 
shall establish a resolution framework for financial institutions, pursuant to which, in the case of a 
deficiency in an institution's financial position, the UAE Central Bank may take certain actions for the 
protection of the concerned institution and its depositors. These may include (without limitation) requesting 
a court to liquidate or declare bankrupt such institution, or prepare a plan for transfer of its assets and 
liabilities, in accordance with established laws. The timing and content for any such framework are 
uncertain. The exercise (or perceived likelihood of exercise) of any such action by the UAE Central Bank 
or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes issued under 
the Programme and could lead to holders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Furthermore, non-compliance with regulatory guidelines could expose ENBD to potential liabilities and 
fines. Although ENBD works closely with its regulators and continually monitors the situation, future 
changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies cannot be predicted and are beyond its control. 
Terrorism and political conflicts relating to Turkey 
DenizBank primarily operates in Turkey. Turkey is located in a region which has been subject to ongoing 
political and security concerns, especially in recent years. As a result of the conflict in Syria, more than 
three million Syrian refugees have fled to Turkey and more can be expected to cross the Turkish-Syrian 
border if the unrest in Syria continues or escalates. The ongoing conflict in Syria has been the subject of 
significant international attention and its impact and resolution is difficult to predict. Any continuation or 
escalation of political instability or international military intervention in Syria and/or a more aggressive 
stance by the allies of Bashar al-Assad (the President of Syria) against Turkey may act as a destabilising 
factor for Turkey. The high number of refugees within Turkey's borders and foreign agents infiltrating both 
refugee camps and local communities remain current threats. Unrest in other countries may affect Turkey's 
relationships with its neighbours, have political implications in Turkey or otherwise have a negative impact 
on Turkey's economy which may impact DenizBank's profitability.  
In recent years, Turkey has also experienced a number of terrorist incidents. These incidents have 
contributed to a significant reduction in levels of tourism and tourism receipts in 2016, which led to a 
decrease in GDP in the third quarter of 2016. Although, tourism receipts increased by 56 per cent. from 
2016 to 2019 (source: Republic of Turkey Ministry of Culture and Tourism) the outbreak of COVID-19 
resulted in a sharp decline of 65.1 per cent. in 2020, reverting to pre-2016 levels. The collective impact of 
this on Turkey's GDP has resulted in a decline from U.S.$869.7 billion in 2016 to U.S.$720.1 billion in 
2020 (source: World Bank). If additional terrorist attacks occur in the future, Turkey's capital markets, 
levels of tourism and foreign investment, among other things, may suffer, or may suffer further.  
The above factors may have a material adverse effect on DenizBank's (and therefore ENBD's) business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Changes in the policy of the CBT on reserve requirements and interest rates in Turkey 
In order to simplify the structure of reserve requirements that are used as monetary and macro prudential 
policy tools, the CBT adopted a new approach in 2010 to reduce macro financial risk. In early 2017, the 
CBT took a number of measures against soaring exchange rates, with limited success. In light of the CBT 
being unable to achieve the desired levels of exchange rates, it took steps to tighten the Turkish lira liquidity 
and suggested using a late liquidity window, which is a measure used only in exceptional circumstances.  
As a consequence, the late liquidity interest rate at which Turkish banks borrow has fluctuated significantly 
over the past five years, increasing from 9.8 per cent. in September 2016 to 12.8 per cent. in December 
2017 and 27.0 per cent. in September 2018, falling to 15.0 per cent. in December 2019 and 12.8 per cent. 
in March 2020 before increasing again to 23.5 per cent. in March 2021 (source: Central Bank of the 
Republic of Turkey).

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Similarly, the overnight interest rate available to Turkish banks increased from 8.3 per cent. in September 
2016 to 9.3 per cent. in January 2017 and 25.5 per cent. in September 2018, before falling to 11.3 per cent. 
in March 2020, and increasing again to 20.5 per cent in March 2021 (source: Central Bank of the Republic 
of Turkey). DenizBank may not be able to pass on any increased costs associated with such regulatory 
changes to its customers, particularly given the high level of competition in the Turkish banking market 
and as such DenizBank's profitability might be materially adversely impacted.  
Changes in CBT policy and new laws or regulations may increase DenizBank's cost of doing business or 
limit its activities and might be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that could have an adverse 
effect on DenizBank's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, such 
measures could also limit or reduce growth of the Turkish economy and consequently the demand for 
DenizBank's products and services.  
The GCC may enter into a monetary union and potential removal of the peg to the U.S. dollar 
There is the possibility that some countries in the GCC may abandon their respective national currencies in 
favour of a single GCC currency. If a single GCC currency is adopted, the necessary convergence of laws, 
policies and procedure will bring significant changes to the economic and political infrastructure in each of 
the GCC states. As yet there has been no announcement of any monetary union and there are currently no 
details of new legislation or policies. There is also the possibility that some countries in the GCC could 
remove or devalue their currency peg to the U.S. dollar. Investors should, however, be aware that new 
legislation and any resulting shift in policy and procedure in the UAE, including currency de-pegging or 
devaluation, could affect the ability of ENBD to perform its obligations in respect of the Programme and 
any issue of Notes thereunder. 
Risks relating to enforcement of ENBD's obligations under Notes issued under the Programme  
UAE bankruptcy law 
In the event of the insolvency of ENBD, UAE bankruptcy law may adversely affect the ability of ENBD to 
perform its obligations under the Notes issued by it. There is little precedent to predict how a claim on 
behalf of Noteholders against ENBD would be resolved in the case of the insolvency of ENBD (including 
the approach that would be adopted by a liquidator or analogous insolvency official in respect of any 
subordination agreed as a matter of contract between ENBD and any of its creditors). 
Investors may experience difficulties in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in Dubai 
The payments under the Notes are dependent upon ENBD making payments to investors in the manner 
contemplated under the Notes. If ENBD fails to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action against ENBD 
to enforce its obligations and/or to claim damages which could be both time-consuming and costly. 
ENBD has irrevocably agreed to the Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant (each as defined 
in the terms and conditions (the "Conditions")) and the Programme Agreement (as defined in "Subscription 
and Sale") being governed by English law. Unresolved disputes in relation to the Notes, the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and/or the Programme Agreement (as applicable) will, unless the option 
to litigate set out therein is exercised, be referred to arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules with the 
seat of arbitration in London. In the event that such option to litigate set out therein is exercised, any dispute 
may also be referred to the courts of England (or another court of competent jurisdiction as the relevant 
party may elect). Notwithstanding that an arbitral award may be obtained from an arbitral tribunal in 
London or that a judgment may be obtained in an English court there is no assurance that ENBD has or 
would at the relevant time have assets in the UK against which such arbitral award or judgment could be 
enforced. ENBD is a UAE company and is incorporated in and has its operations and the majority of its 
assets located in the UAE. To the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it 
should be borne in mind that there is limited scope for self help remedies under UAE law and that generally 
enforcement of remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
Under current Dubai law, the Dubai courts are unlikely to enforce an English court judgment without re-
examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the choice by the parties of English law as the 
governing law of the transaction. In the UAE, foreign law is required to be established as a question of fact 
and the interpretation of English law, by a court in the UAE, may not accord with the interpretation of an 
English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if they are satisfied that

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the foreign law which has 
been chosen. They will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is contrary to public 
policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the UAE. 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in Dubai have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, court decisions in Dubai are generally not recorded. These factors create greater 
judicial uncertainty than would be expected in other jurisdictions. 
The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the 
"New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006. In the absence of any 
other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, an arbitration award rendered in London should be 
enforceable in Dubai in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York 
Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party 
opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse 
enforcement, or the Dubai courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by 
arbitration, or enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE.  
How the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted and applied by the Dubai courts in practice 
and whether the Dubai courts will enforce a foreign arbitration award in accordance with the New York 
Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention) remains largely untested. This 
is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the independent existence 
of different Emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems, whose rulings may have no more 
than persuasive force cross-border. Although there are examples of foreign arbitral awards being enforced 
in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases where the enforcement of foreign arbitral 
awards have been refused, with, for example, the relevant judge confusing the requirements for the 
enforcement of domestic awards with the requirements for the enforcement of foreign awards.  
Under Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 Concerning the Executive Regulations of the Civil Procedure 
Law ("Cabinet Resolution 57 of 2018"), in the absence of an applicable multilateral or bilateral treaty with 
force of law, arbitral awards made in any state other than the UAE may be refused enforcement by the 
Dubai courts for the reasons set out in Article 85 and Article 86 of Cabinet Resolution 57 of 2018. However, 
Article 88 of Cabinet Resolution 57 of 2018 further provides that Articles 85 to 87 do not prejudice the 
provision of treaties and agreements entered into by the UAE with other States (which includes the New 
York Convention). There remains a risk that notwithstanding Article 88 of Cabinet Resolution 57 of 2018 
or the terms of an applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, the Dubai courts may in 
practice still consider and apply the grounds set out in Federal Law No. 6 of 2018 (the "UAE Arbitration 
Law") related to the enforcement of domestic arbitral awards (as provided in Articles 52 to 57 of the UAE 
Arbitration Law) or in Cabinet Resolution 57 of 2018 to the enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral award. 
As the UAE Arbitration Law and Cabinet Resolution 57 of 2018 are both new, it is unclear how they will 
be applied by the Dubai courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral award will 
be refused enforcement by the Dubai courts. 
Sovereign immunity 
Under the Notes ENBD has waived its rights in relation to sovereign immunity in respect of such 
documents. However, there can be no assurance as to whether such waivers of immunity from suit, 
execution or attachment or other legal process by ENBD under the Notes are legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable under the laws of the UAE and applicable in Dubai. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features:

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes subject to early redemption for tax reasons 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as set out in Condition 
7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the outstanding Notes of such Tranche in 
accordance with Condition 6(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Tax Reasons). 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the Early Redemption Amount. Potential investors should consider re-
investment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Partly paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his investment. 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return 
on Notes based on such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including, without limitation, the London 
interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR")) are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to 
the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the UK FCA announced on 27 July 2017 that it would no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or cease to be representative 
benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD LIBOR only) from 30 June 
2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR, the ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA"), 
similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR settings on 31 December 
2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers (which are included in the current 
UK Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to require the IBA 
to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (also known as a "synthetic" 
basis). Such announcements indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its current form and the UK FCA 
announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is currently contemplating that any "synthetic" basis, if 
adopted, would be limited to a small number of currencies and settings.  
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, 
its working group on Sterling risk-free rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition 
to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so 
that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021.  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of benchmarks, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further 
described in Condition 4(k) (Benchmark Replacement)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of 
any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
benchmarks that are subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes 
and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event, as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Additionally, in order to facilitate the calculation of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, and in 
each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Conditions provide that ENBD may vary the Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark and the material adverse effect these may have on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Notes which reference any such benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates such as SONIA, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets for 
sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR over a 
designated term). The continued development of risk-free reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well 
as the continued development of SONIA, SOFR and €STR based rates and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of the Notes.  
The substance of the calculation of, and the adoption of market infrastructure for the issuing and trading of 
Eurobonds referencing, SONIA, SOFR and €STR continues to develop. In particular, investors should be 
aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and 
no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued 
under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Programme from time to time. In 
addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by, in most cases, being backwards-looking, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis and risk-free overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that interbank offered rates and any risk-free rates may behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
referencing interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
The use of risk-free rates as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such risk-free rates. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing 
such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over 
time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of subsequently issued indexed debt 
securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like 
the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes 
referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes 
at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
The Bank of England, The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor) or the European Central 
Bank, as administrator of SONIA, SOFR and €STR respectively, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR, including changes related to the method 
by which SONIA, SOFR or €STR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR. In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA, SOFR or €STR.  
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional 
floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases 
the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further 
adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated and in the event that the Issuer is not 
solvent at the time of payment, the entitlement of holders of Subordinated Notes to receive any amounts 
under the Subordinated Notes could be affected 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes issued by it will be unsecured and will be 
subordinated to all unsubordinated payment obligations of the Issuer as set out in Condition 2.1(b) (Status 
of the Notes – Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) by 
the Issuer are conditional upon: 
(a) 
the Issuer being solvent (as defined in Condition 2.1(b) (Status of the Notes – Status of the 
Subordinated Notes)) at the time of such payment; and 
(b) 
the Issuer being capable of making such payment and any other payment required to be made to a 
creditor in respect of indebtedness which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes and still being solvent immediately thereafter. 
If the Issuer is wound up, liquidated or dissolved (or any other analogous action was taken), the relevant 
liquidator (or analogous insolvency official appointed in relation to the Issuer), may apply the assets of the 
Issuer to satisfy all claims of the Senior Creditors (as defined in Condition 2.1(b) (Status of the Notes – 
Status of the Subordinated Notes)). In such a situation, and if the condition as to solvency set out above is 
not satisfied, the holders of the Subordinated Notes may not be entitled to receive any amounts under the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Changes to the Basel regulatory framework as implemented in the UAE may have an effect on the 
Subordinated Notes 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") has put forward a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks. On 16 December 
2010 and on 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee issued guidance (the "Basel III Reforms") on the 
eligibility criteria for Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments as part of a package of new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions ("Basel III"). 
The Basel III Reforms provide that instruments, such as the Subordinated Notes, which do not contain any 
contractual terms providing for, at the option of the relevant authority, the writing off of the principal 
amount of such instruments or the conversion of such instruments into ordinary shares upon the occurrence 
of a Non-Viability Event (as defined below), will, subject to implementation of the Basel III Reforms and 
to applicable transitional provisions, cease to be eligible to count in full as regulatory capital from 1 January 
2013 unless, among other things, the jurisdiction of the relevant bank has in place laws that: (i) require such 
instruments to be written down upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Event; or (ii) otherwise require such 
instruments to fully absorb losses before tax payers are exposed to loss. 
On 23 February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the 
"February 2017 Regulations") in the Official Gazette issue 612, which were effective from 1 February 
2017. The February 2017 Regulations are supported by accompanying standards, including the Standards 
for Capital Adequacy of Banks in the UAE issued in November 2020 by the UAE Central Bank by virtue 
of Notice No. CBUAE/BSD/N/2020/4980 (the "Capital Standards"). The Capital Standards elaborate on 
the supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank, as set out in the February 2017 Regulations, with 
respect to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements and how they will be applied by the UAE 
Central Bank to banks in the UAE. This impacts the capital requirements of UAE banks, including ENBD. 
Any failure by ENBD to maintain required regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions 
or sanctions, which may have an adverse effect on ENBD's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UAE has not implemented a law that would require loss 
absorbency for bank capital instruments on the occurrence of a Non-Viability Event. While the February 
2017 Regulations and Capital Standards confirm that any capital instruments issued by UAE banks must 
contain a loss absorption feature on the occurrence of a Non-Viability Event in order to achieve Regulatory 
Capital classification from the UAE Central Bank, this loss absorption feature must be provided for

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
contractually in the absence of a statutory loss absorption framework in the UAE as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. To the extent that the UAE introduces a statutory resolution regime to implement loss 
absorbency upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Event, either through the writing off of the principal 
amount of the instruments or the conversion of such instruments into ordinary shares, it is unclear how such 
a regime will apply to banks in the UAE or how it may be interpreted within the UAE and whether and to 
what extent it will affect any Subordinated Notes issued from time to time under the Programme. 
If the implementation by the UAE of any such statutory loss absorption regime or any other relevant laws, 
rules or guidelines gives rise to a Regulatory Redemption Event (as defined and more particularly described 
in Condition 6(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call))), in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) without the consent of the Noteholders at any time after the applicable notice 
period to the Noteholders. See "– The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity 
date due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Redemption Event". 
As used herein, "Non-Viability Event" means the earlier of: (a) a decision that a write-off, without which 
the relevant bank would become non-viable, is necessary; and (b) the decision to make a public sector 
injection of capital, or equivalent support, without which the relevant bank would become non-viable, in 
each case as determined by the relevant authority. This definition is for illustrative purposes only and may 
not necessarily reflect the meaning ascribed to the term "Non-Viability Event" (or any term equivalent 
thereto) pursuant to any law or regulation implementing the loss absorbency requirement in the UAE as 
part of the Basel III Reforms. 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date due to the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Redemption Event 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of a Regulatory Redemption Event, the Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, in accordance with the Conditions but without the 
consent of the Noteholders (as more particularly described in Condition 6(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call))). In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the 
position of such investor. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, 
the market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the Early Redemption 
Amount. Potential investors should consider re-investment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") are set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
developed. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the IMF in 2016 and 
policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies 
were implemented by the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the 
future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new 
regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation 
pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that 
the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the 
overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance 
its obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement Arrangements") on the clearing of 
Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing Banks") in a number of financial 
centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong; has established the Cross-Border Inter-Bank 
Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement, and is further in the process of 
establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size 
of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business-participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. 
Recently, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against 
the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This 
change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
the Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may 
vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi 
Notes in that foreign currency will decline. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate from Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes propose 
to sell their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they 
have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi 
Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong; (ii) for so 
long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or 
registered with the CMU, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance 
with prevailing CMU rules and procedures; or (iii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, 
by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation 
rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 
20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident or individual Holder from the 
transfer of Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual 
Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Holders of 
Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in 
Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of Noteholders, 
to any modification of any Notes, in the circumstances specified in Condition 14.

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
The Conditions also provide that ENBD may at any time, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to the 
substitution of a member of the Group, as defined in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), as principal debtor 
under any Notes in place of itself, in the circumstances described in Condition 17  (Substitution) subject, in 
particular, to ENBD obtaining appropriate confirmation that the substitution will not (or would not) result 
in a downgrade of the then current credit ratings afforded to the Notes (the "ratings test"). 
Accordingly, investors should be aware that ENBD's substitution may be effected without the consent of 
Noteholders and will only be subject to the ratings test being satisfied. Such investors should also be aware 
that: (i) any rating agency which has rated (or may be asked to rate) any Notes as part of the ratings test 
will not take the interests of such investors into account when so doing; (ii) any such rating will be focussed 
solely on a credit analysis of the Notes and may not address any other particular areas of concern for such 
investors; and (iii) any such rating may subsequently be downgraded or withdrawn within a very short time 
period without investors having any rights as a result. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples – definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
If a Noteholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time, such Noteholder may not receive a definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that its holding amounts to at least a Specified Denomination in order to be eligible to receive 
a definitive Note. 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Absence of secondary market/limited liquidity 
There is no assurance that a market for the Notes of any Series will develop or, if it does develop, that it 
will continue for the life of such Notes. Accordingly, a Noteholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy 
its Notes readily or at prices that will enable the Noteholder to realise a desired yield. The market value of 
the Notes may fluctuate and a lack of liquidity, in particular, can have a severe adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. Accordingly, the purchase of the Notes is suitable only for investors who can bear the 
risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Notes and the financial and other risks associated with an 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Notes; (b) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (c) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction structure, the market, the 
additional factors discussed above, or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and publication of an updated 
ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (i) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (ii) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to: (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
The list below presents "Alternative Performance Measures" as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. These financial measures presented by 
ENBD in this Base Prospectus provide useful supplementary information to both investors and ENBD's management, as they facilitate the evaluation of company performance 
and should be read in conjunction with ENBD's financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The basis of calculating these performance measures 
along with the rationale for including them is explained below but it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the same manner, these are 
not always comparable to measurements used by other companies: 
Metric 
Calculation 
Rationale for inclusion 
2020 Year End Financial 
Statements line item 
FS page 
number 
Cost to income ratio 
Calculated as general and administrative expenses divided by total 
operating income 
Also called efficiency ratio; it is used to assess the amount 
spent to earn income expressed as a percentage. It compares 
cost with income 
General and administrative 
expenses 
9 
Total operating income 
9 
Impairment coverage ratio 
Expected credit losses divided by total of credit impaired loans and 
receivables and credit impaired Islamic financing receivables 
This measures the sufficiency of provisions set aside to 
cover impaired loans and receivables and impaired Islamic 
finance receivables. This is a widely used measure to assess 
the asset quality of banks 
Expected credit losses 
51 and 
53 
Credit impaired loans and 
receivables 
51 
Credit impaired Islamic 
financing receivables 
53 
Loans to deposit ratio 
Calculated as the sum of loans and receivables and Islamic financing 
receivables divided by the sum of customer deposits and Islamic 
customer deposits 
This is a measure of a bank's ability to fund its loan book 
through its deposit base. A ratio of 100 per cent. or less 
shows that a bank is funding all its loans from deposits 
rather than relying on wholesale funding 
Loans and receivables 
8 
Customer deposits 
8 
Islamic financing receivables 
8 
Islamic customer deposits 
8 
Net interest margin 
Calculated as yield minus cost of funds. Yield is calculated as interest 
and similar income divided by the daily average of interest bearing 
assets. Cost of funds is calculated as interest and similar expense 
divided by the daily average of interest bearing liabilities 
This measures the spread a bank makes on its lending 
activities. This is a critical success factor for banks as this 
will have a significant impact on a bank's profitability 
Interest and similar income 
9 
Interest and similar expense 
9 
Net loan growth 
This is the percentage increase in the sum of loans and receivables and 
Islamic financing receivables over the period 
This is a measure of a bank's ability to grow its loan book 
Loans and receivables 
8 
Islamic financing receivables 
8 
Non-performing/impaired 
loan ratio 
Calculated as impaired loans divided by gross loans (where gross loans 
is calculated as the sum of the total gross loans and receivables to 
customers and total gross Islamic financing receivables) 
This measures bad loans as a percentage of total loans. This 
is a widely used measure to assess the asset quality of banks 
Impaired loans 
104 
Gross loans 
104

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CBI and the DFSA shall be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of ENBD as at and for the three 
months 
ended 
31 
March 
2021 
(available 
at: 
https://www.emiratesnbd.com/plugins/FinanceManagement/QuaterlyReports/FinancialEng/Emir
ates_NBD_Financial_Statements_Q1_2021_English.pdf) including: 
(a) 
consolidated interim statement of financial position (page 2); 
(b) 
consolidated interim income statement (page 3); 
(c) 
consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income (page 4); 
(d) 
consolidated interim statement of cash flows (pages 5-6); 
(e) 
consolidated interim statement of changes in equity (page 7); 
(f) 
notes to the consolidated interim financial statements (pages 8-39); and 
(g) 
independent auditors' review report (page 1); 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of ENBD as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
(the 
"2020 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.emiratesnbd.com/plugins/FinanceManagement/QuaterlyReports/FinancialEng/Emir
ates_NBD_Financial_Statements_FY_2020_English.pdf), including: 
(a) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 8); 
(b) 
consolidated income statement (page 9); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 10); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 11); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 12-13); 
(f) 
notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 14-130); and 
(g) 
independent auditors' report (pages 1-7); and 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of ENBD as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2019 (the "2019 Annual Financial Statements", and together with the 2020 Annual Financial 
Statements, 
the 
"Annual 
Financial 
Statements") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.emiratesnbd.com/plugins/FinanceManagement/QuaterlyReports/FinancialEng/Emir
ates_NBD_Financial_Statements_FY_2019_English.pdf), including: 
(a) 
consolidated statement of financial position (page 9); 
(b) 
consolidated income statement (page 10); 
(c) 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 11); 
(d) 
consolidated statement of cash flows (page 12); 
(e) 
consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 13-14); 
(f) 
notes to the consolidated financial statements (pages 15-125); and 
(g) 
independent auditors' report (pages 1-8).

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the documents specified in (i) – (iii) above have been approved by 
the UAE Central Bank and the documents specified in (ii) – (iii) above have been adopted by the 
shareholders of ENBD at the annual general meeting held on 24 February 2021.  
ENBD prepared the Annual Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). The Annual 
Financial Statements have been audited by Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) ("Deloitte") (see further "General 
Information – Independent Auditors").  
In addition, copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from 
Euronext Dublin's website at https://live.euronext.com/ and, upon request, free of charge, from the 
registered office of ENBD and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London. 
ENBD will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by ENBD and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, and the DFSA. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified in (i) – (iii) 
above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or 
is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, information contained on 
any websites referenced herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CBI or the DFSA.

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and talons attached, 
or registered form, without interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent Global Note (a 
"Permanent Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") to a common depositary (the 
"Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Whilst any Bearer Note is 
represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amount payable in respect of the Bearer Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be 
made against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note only to the extent that certification (in a 
form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons 
or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has 
been received by Euroclear and/ or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for: (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series; or (b) 
for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to 
such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon either: (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein; or (b) only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing; (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or (iii) the Issuer has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Bearer Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The option for a Temporary Bearer Global Note to be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes by giving 
notice should not be expressed to be applicable under applicable Final Terms if the relevant Notes have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
of another smaller amount. Furthermore, Notes should not be issued which have such denominations if such 
Notes are to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Notes are to be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and 
in integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
In the event that a Permanent Bearer Global Note is exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes, such definitive 
Bearer Notes shall be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Bearer Note in 
respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount 
equal to one or more Specified Denominations. For the avoidance of doubt, Notes will only be issued with 
a minimum Specified Denomination and in integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Notes are to be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in 
integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes where 
TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms receipts and interest coupons and talons relating to 
such Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer 
Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
"Registered Global Note"). Registered Global Notes will be deposited with the Common Depositary and 
registered in the name of the Common Depositary or its nominee. Persons holding beneficial interests in 
Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described 
below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
5(d)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Note will be made 
to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Registered Global Note 
is being held is open for business.

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point in time after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, 
the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and International Securities 
Identification Number  ("ISIN") which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of 
any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system as may be approved by 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events 
of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms 
of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 13 July 2021 and executed by ENBD.

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the United Kingdom (the "UK") Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the [UK]/[United Kingdom (the "UK")]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
 
1  
Include where Part B item 8(g) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable". 
2  
 Include where Part B item 8(h) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
EMIRATES NBD BANK PJSC 
(LEI CODE: 54930029BCN8HF3B1286) 
 (the "Issuer") 
Issue of [●] [●]  
under the U.S.$20,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 13 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the base 
prospectus dated [●] [and [●]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information].3 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/, 
the 
website 
of 
Nasdaq 
Dubai 
at 
http://www.nasdaqdubai.com and during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer at 
Baniyas Road, Deira, P.O. Box 777, Dubai, UAE and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. 
[The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]4 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
[Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
 
(c) 
[Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[●]] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(a) 
[Series: 
[●]] 
 
 
(b) 
[Tranche: 
[●]] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●]] 
 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
 
3  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
4  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
 
 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
 
 
 
(Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes where the Interest Payment Dates and the 
amount of interest to be paid on such Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention, it 
will be necessary to use the following wording: 
 
 
 
"Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to[specify month]") 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[●] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
9. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
10. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
 
(b) 
[Date 
of 
[Board/Shareholder] 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
11. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
 
 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates and the amount 
of interest to be paid on such Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification, specify a 
Business Day Convention in paragraph 11(g) 
below (which is expected to be the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention) and add the 
words", subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. For these purposes, 
"Business Day" means a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
currency deposits) in Hong Kong and [●]" after 
"Maturity Date" in this subparagraph (b)) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/See Condition 
4(a)(B)] 
 
 
 
In respect of Notes in global form, see Condition 
4(a)(A) 
 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates and the amount 
of interest to be paid on such Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention, the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed 
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.") 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) (Applicable for Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(g) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
[specify other]] 
 
12. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with (c) below 
 
 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Effective Interest Payment Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Notes before the 
Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
(include this wording for Payment Delay only)] 
/[Not Applicable]5 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[●] 
 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[BBSW/EIBOR/€STR/EURIBOR/HIBOR/LIBO
R/PRIBOR/SAIBOR/SHIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/ 
TRLIBOR]  
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period]/[First day of each 
Interest 
Period]/[The 
[first/second/third/[●]] 
Business Day immediately preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for each Interest Period (or 
immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).][provide 
details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the end of 
each Interest Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]]6 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation 
Shift]/[Payment 
Delay]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[]/[Not Applicable]7  
 
 
5  
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Principal Paying Agent. 
6  
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR. 
7 
The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period between the Interest 
Payment Date and the Interest Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
• 
D: 
[365]/[360]/[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable – used for Payment Delay only]8/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
13. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual 365] 
 
14. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[[●],[●],[●]] 
 
 
(b) 
Instalment Dates: 
[[●],[●],[●]] 
 
 
8 
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(d) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
Reset Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(f) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate(s)  
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps 
Reference Bond] 
 
 
(g) 
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate: 
[BBSW/EIBOR/€STR/EURIBOR/HIBOR/LIBO
R/PRIBOR/SAIBOR/SHIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/TR
LIBOR] 
 
 
(h) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
 
(i) 
Reset Margin: 
[●] 
 
 
(j) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(k) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
(l) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(m) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time: 
[●] 
 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
17. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
18. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Change 
of 
Control 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
100 per cent. of nominal amount 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, regulatory 
reasons or on event of default: 
[Not Applicable/Final Redemption Amount/[●] 
per Calculation Amount] 
 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 
days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]/[London]/[Dubai]] 
 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Emirates NBD Bank PJSC as Issuer:  
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant 
regulated 
market 
(for 
example, the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin or Nasdaq Dubai) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official 
list (for example the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or the Official List 
maintained by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority)] with effect from 
[●].]  
[Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market (for 
example, the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin or Nasdaq Dubai) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official 
list (for example the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or the Official List 
maintained by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority)] with effect from 
[●].] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected 
to 
be] 
rated]/[are 
unrated]][The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued 
under 
the 
Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[Include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating if this has been 
published by the relevant rating 
agency] 
[Moody's 
is 
established 
in 
the 
European 
Union 
("EU") 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation. As such, Moody's is 
included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervisi
on/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation.  
The rating issued by Moody's is 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
Ltd., which is established in the 
[United Kingdom ("UK")]/[UK] and 
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation.]  
[Fitch is established in the UK and 
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation. Fitch appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies on the UK [Financial 
Conduct Authority]/[FCA]'s Financial 
Services Register.  
The rating issued by Fitch is endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, 
which is established in the [European 
Union]/[EU] and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervisi
on/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
["EU 
CRA 
Regulation" 
means 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
amended; and  
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation" 
means 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
[European 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"EUWA")]/[EUWA].]

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
3. 
BENCHMARKS 
Details 
of 
benchmarks 
administrators 
and 
registration under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the 
date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation 
apply, 
such 
that 
[administrator legal name] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The 
[Managers/Dealers] and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may 
receive fees.] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[●] per cent. per annum or a 
[quarterly]/[semi-annual] 
basis/[Not 
Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Additional identification code: 
[CFI Code: [●]/[As set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[FISN: [●]/[As set out on the website 
of the Association of Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable]] 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against/free of] payment] 
 
(e) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[[relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].] [The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not 
applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/●] 
 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/●] 
 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/●] 
 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
(a) Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus/[●]] 
 
(b) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") of the Notes which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Emirates NBD Bank PJSC ("ENBD" 
and the "Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
amended and restated agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 13 July 2021 and made between ENBD, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank 
(the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor such agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
in its capacity as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a 
transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Issuer may 
appoint a calculation agent pursuant to the provisions of a calculation agency agreement (substantially in 
the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement) (the "Calculation Agent", which expression shall include 
any additional or successor calculation agent). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons 
or talons. Definitive Bearer Notes repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of 
the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global 
Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Conditions. 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
"Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are: (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
As used herein, "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 13 July 2021 and made by ENBD. The original Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and each of the other Paying Agents and 
Transfer Agent (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the "Agents"). Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, from the registered office of ENBD 
and the specified offices of the Paying Agents save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") nor offered in the EEA in circumstances 
where a Base Prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the applicable 
Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes 
and identity. If this Note is admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable 
Final Terms will also be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/. If this Note is admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, the applicable Final Terms 
will also be available for viewing on the website of Nasdaq Dubai at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement (excluding Schedule 2 thereto) or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND TRANSFER OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Form and denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency 
and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be 
exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Reset 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
This Note is a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note depending upon the Status specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable.

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(b) 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by 
delivery and title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and the Agents will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, 
Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of 
any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered 
holder of the relevant Registered Global Note, as the case may be, shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Transfer of interests in Global Notes 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
(d) 
Transfer of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set 
out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer: (i) the holder or 
holders must: (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and (B) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent; 
and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with 
the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer 
will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 7 to the 
Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request 
(or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery 
of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive 
form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of 
the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor.

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(e) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, 
or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(f) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be 
imposed in relation to the registration. 
(g) 
Other 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
as may be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu amongst themselves and at least 
pari passu with the claims of the Issuer's other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors 
save those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation 
or other similar laws of general application. 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, conditional (as 
described below) and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu amongst 
themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes (whether on 
account of principal, interest or otherwise) will be subordinated to all unsubordinated 
payment obligations of the Issuer in the manner described below but will rank pari passu 
with all other subordinated payment obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior to the payment obligations under the Subordinated 
Notes and in priority to all claims of shareholders of the Issuer. The rights of the holders 
of Subordinated Notes against the Issuer are subordinated in right of payment to the claims 
of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer and accordingly payments in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) by the Issuer 
are conditional upon the Issuer being solvent at the time of such payment and no payment 
shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes except to the extent 
that the Issuer could make such payment and any other payment required to be made to a 
creditor in respect of indebtedness which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes and still be solvent immediately thereafter. For this purpose the Issuer 
shall be solvent if: (i) it is able to pay its debts as they fall due; and (ii) its Assets exceed 
its Liabilities, and, in this Condition 2.1(b) (Status of the Notes – Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Assets" means the unconsolidated gross assets of the Issuer as shown in the latest 
published audited balance sheet of the Issuer, but adjusted for subsequent events in such 
manner as the directors of the Issuer, the auditors of the Issuer or (if a bankruptcy trustee 
(or any equivalent insolvency practitioner) has been appointed in respect of the Issuer) a 
bankruptcy trustee (or such equivalent insolvency practitioner) may determine;

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
"Liabilities" means the unconsolidated gross liabilities of the Issuer as shown in the latest 
published audited balance sheet of the Issuer, but adjusted for contingent liabilities and for 
subsequent events in such manner as the directors of the Issuer, the auditors of the Issuer 
or (if a bankruptcy trustee (or any equivalent insolvency practitioner) has been appointed 
in respect of the Issuer) a bankruptcy trustee (or such equivalent insolvency practitioner) 
may determine; and 
"Senior Creditors" shall mean creditors of the Issuer (including depositors) other than 
creditors in respect of indebtedness where, by the terms of such indebtedness, the claims 
of the holders of that indebtedness rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior 
to, the claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. No collateral is or will be given 
for the payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes and any collateral that may have 
been or may in the future be given in connection with other indebtedness of the Issuer 
shall not secure the payment obligations under any Subordinated Notes issued by the 
Issuer. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
This Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) only applies to Senior Notes. 
The Issuer undertakes that, so long as any Note is outstanding it shall not and will ensure that none 
of its Relevant Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding, any Security Interest upon the whole 
or any part of its or their respective present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto creating and according to 
the Notes the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, 
guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Auditors" means a firm of independent auditors of good repute appointed by ENBD; 
"Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness of any person for or in respect of any 
money borrowed or raised including (without limitation) any liability arising under bonds, sukuk 
or other securities or any moneys raised under any transaction having the commercial effect of 
borrowing or raising money including any Shari'a compliant alternative of the foregoing; 
"Non-recourse Project Financing Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness incurred in connection 
with any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any 
project, provided that: (i) any Security Interest given by the Issuer is limited solely to assets of the 
project, (ii) the person providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the project 
financed and the revenues derived from such project as the principal source of repayment for the 
monies advanced; and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer in respect of any default by any 
person under the financing; 
"Permitted Indebtedness" means Non-recourse Project Financing Indebtedness and 
Securitisation Indebtedness; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness which is in 
the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock, sukuk certificates 
or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or capable of being, quoted, 
listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; 
"Relevant Subsidiary" shall mean a company or corporation: 
(i) 
75 per cent. or more of the issued capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Issuer; and

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the book value of the assets of which exceeds 25 per cent. of the book value of the assets 
of the Group taken as a whole or the revenues of which exceed 25 per cent. of the revenues 
of the Group taken as a whole and, for these purposes: 
(A) 
the book value of the assets and revenues of such company or corporation shall 
be determined by reference to its then most recent audited annual financial 
statements (or, if none, its then most recent management accounts); and 
(B) 
the book value of the assets and revenues of the Group shall be determined by 
reference to its then most recent audited annual consolidated financial statements, 
in each case adjusted, as the Auditors may consider appropriate, to take account of any 
changes in circumstances since the date as of which such financial statements (or 
management accounts) were prepared. 
A report of the Auditors that in their opinion a company or corporation is or is not or was or was 
not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Relevant Subsidiary shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
"Securitisation Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any 
securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that: (i) any Security Interest 
given by the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries in connection therewith is limited solely to 
the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; (ii) each party participating 
in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so 
securitised; and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries in 
respect of any default by any person under the securitisation; and 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, lien or other security securing any obligation of 
any party. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such subunit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
If the Notes are in definitive form and an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on: (a)

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and (b) any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
In the case of a Fixed Rate Note where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Business Day Convention to be applicable (an 
"Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Note"), each Interest Payment Date (and, accordingly, 
the relevant Fixed Rate Period) will be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
relevant Business Day Convention. For this purpose, the provisions relating to the 
application of a Business Day Convention set out in Condition 4(b)(b)(i) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates) below shall apply to this 
Condition 4(a) (Interest – Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), mutatis mutandis, save that, for 
the purposes of the Conditions relating to an Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Note, the term 
"Business Day" shall mean a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Hong Kong. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a) (Interest – Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period is divided by 365.

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
In the Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these 
Conditions, "Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Dates) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date: (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis; or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency and any Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro or Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, respectively), (2) in relation 
to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the "TARGET2 System") is open or (3) in relation to any sum 
payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open 
for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating 
Rate Option is based on LIBOR or on the Euro-zone inter-bank 
offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day of that Interest Period or 
(ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The definition of "Fallback Observation Day" in the ISDA Definitions 
shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following: ""Fallback Observation Day" means, in respect of a Reset 
Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period included 
in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless 
otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related 
Payment Date.".

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation Agent", "Calculation Period", "Compounding Period", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate 
of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being a Reference Rate other than SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(x) 
  the offered quotation; or 
(y)   
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
Clause 4(b)(ii)(B)(1)(x) above, no offered quotation appears or, 
in the case of Clause 4(b)(ii)(B)(1)(y) above, fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, 
the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(3) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with an 
offered quotation as provided in Clause 4(b)(ii)(B)(2) above, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal 
Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference 
Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, and 
provided further that such failure is not due to the occurrence of 
a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In the Conditions, "Reference Rate" means any one of the following 
benchmark rates or such other benchmark rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Australia Bank Bill Swap ("BBSW"); 
(b) 
Emirates interbank offered rate ("EIBOR", available on the 
Relevant Screen Page as EIBOR=); 
(c) 
Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR"); 
(d) 
Euro-Zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(e) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR", available on 
the Relevant Screen Page as HKABHIBOR); 
(f) 
London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR"); 
(g) 
Prague interbank offered rate ("PRIBOR"); 
(h) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate ("SAIBOR", available on 
the Relevant Screen Page as SAIBOR=); 
(i) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate ("SHIBOR");

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(j) 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"); 
(k) 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"); and 
(l) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate ("TRLIBOR", available 
on the Relevant Screen Page as TRLIBOR01). 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination For Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being SONIA, SOFR or €STR:  
(a) where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant 
Series of Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to 
Condition 4(d) and Condition 4(k) and subject as provided 
below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards; and 
(b) where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant 
Series of Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to 
Condition 4(d) and Condition 4(k) and subject as provided 
below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(2) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 4(k), if, in respect 
of any Business Day, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on 
the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(b) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 
5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant 
Business Day, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day 
on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(3) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 4(k), if, in respect 
of any Business Day, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
SOFR rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(4) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 4(k), if, in respect 
of any Business Day, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
€STR rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(5) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 4(k), the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be: (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(6) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default), the last Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date  
(7) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C): 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, all references in 
these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Interest Payment Date shall be read as references to interest on 
the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date 
instead; 
"Applicable Period" means: 
(a) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
(b) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, any day which is a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and is not a date on which 
banking institutions in New York are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed; and 
(c) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which TARGET2 
System is open for settlements of payments in euro; 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to 
an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 𝐷
𝑑 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Applicable Period;

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of 
Business Days in such Applicable Period; 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such Business Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
currently 
at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") 
in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) 
on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such Business 
Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which shall not 
be less than five Business Days without the consent of 
the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms)); 
(b) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero; and 
(c) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Terms (which shall not be less than five Business Days 
without the consent of the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms)); 
"r" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in 
respect of such Business Day; 
(c) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "€STR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in 
respect of such Business Day; 
(d) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method: 
a. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA rate in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
b. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not 
a Reference Day (being a Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); 
(e) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method: 
a. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
b. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not 
a Reference Day (being a Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date);

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
(f) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "€STR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method: 
a. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the €STR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
b. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not 
a Reference Day (being a Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
(g) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" 
is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such 
Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the 
last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in 
the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA 
rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(h) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" 
is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the 
last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in 
the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(i) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "€STR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" 
is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such 
Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the 
last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in 
the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the 
definition of "r" above for, (i) where, in the applicable Final 
Terms, "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, the 
Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the 
relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 
3.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for 
such Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each case 
on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is 
not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
(b) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-
out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day 
during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect 
for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(c) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(a) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Interest Commencement 
Date), at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, 
each successive Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per annum as is 
equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with this Condition 4(c)(i) (Interest – Interest on Reset Notes 
– Rates of Interest), 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates(s) (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
As used in this Condition 4(c)(i) (Interest – Interest on Reset Notes – Rates of 
Interest): 
"Day Count Fraction" and related definitions have the meanings given in 
Condition 4(a) (Interest – Interest on Fixed Rate Notes); 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Mid Swap Benchmark Rate" means:  
(a) Australia Bank Bill Swap ("BBSW"); 
(b) Emirates interbank offered rate ("EIBOR", available on the Relevant 
Screen Page as EIBOR=); 
(c) Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR"); 
(d) Euro-Zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(e) Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR", available on the Relevant 
Screen Page as HKABHIBOR); 
(f) London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR"); 
(g) Prague interbank offered rate ("PRIBOR"); 
(h) Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate ("SAIBOR", available on the Relevant 
Screen Page as SAIBOR=); 
(i) Shanghai interbank offered rate ("SHIBOR"); 
(j) Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"); 
(k) Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"); and 
(l) Turkish Lira interbank offered rate ("TRLIBOR", available on the 
Relevant Screen Page as TRLIBOR01);

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
"Mid Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg, payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (c) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent); 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, 
(A) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations 
for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Principal Paying 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by 
the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Principal 
Paying Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means for each Reset Period the date as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such 
Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying during such Reset Period will 
be determined; 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more 
than one Reset Period, each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the 
first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date;

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
"Subsequent Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the 
applicable Subsequent Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin 
(rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded down); 
"Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Subsequent Reset Reference Rate" means either: 
(A) 
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mid Swap 
Rate displayed on the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around 
the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date for such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant period by applying the 
Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Subsequent Reset Rate (as the case may 
be) to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
(ii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page 
If the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the Principal Paying 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide 
the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate at approximately the 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of 
the Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, provided that 
such failure is not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Subsequent 
Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii) (Interest – Interest on Reset Notes – 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page): 
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute; and 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4 (Interest), if the Issuer 
(in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Principal Paying Agent or such 
other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Subsequent Reset Rate) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to a Mid Swap Benchmark Rate (as applicable) when any 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Mid Swap Benchmark Rate, then the Subsequent Reset Rate 
shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 4(k) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement) and references therein to: (i) "Reference Rate" shall 
mean "Mid Swap Benchmark Rate"; (ii) "Interest Determination Date" shall 
mean "Reset Determination Date"; (iii) "Interest Period" shall mean "Reset 
Period"; (iv) "Margin" shall mean "Reset Margin"; (v) "Relevant Screen Page" 
shall mean "Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page". 
(iii) 
Notification of Subsequent Reset Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Subsequent Reset Rate and each 
Interest Amount for each Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount as notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment). 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London. 
(iv) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 4(c)(iv) (Interest – Interest on Reset Notes – 
Certificates to be final) by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders or any 
other person shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 4:

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii) above is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest; and  
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii) 
above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such subunit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(e) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of 
Interest Amounts): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of; (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
 (ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows:

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360"or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent shall calculate the Rate of 
Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with 
an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13  (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4 (Interest), whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
(j) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). 
(k) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4 (Interest), if ENBD determines 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
ENBD shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser as 
soon as reasonably practicable to determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if 
the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) an Adjustment Spread, together 
with any Benchmark Amendments no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the 
"Interest Period Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 4(k) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement)); 
(ii) 
if: (A) ENBD is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which an 
Alternative Reference Rate, and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread, prior to the Interest Period Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with 
subparagraph (i) above, then ENBD (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if ENBD determines that 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) 
an Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 4(k) (Interest – Benchmark Replacement)); provided, however,

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
that if this subparagraph (ii) applies and ENBD has failed to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this subparagraph (ii), 
the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was 
determined, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period).  
For the avoidance of doubt, if this subparagraph (ii) applies and ENBD has failed 
to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this 
subparagraph (ii), this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject 
to the operation of this Condition 4(k) (Interest – Replacement Benchmark) in its 
entirety; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(k) (Interest – Replacement 
Benchmark) in its entirety including in the event of a further Benchmark Event 
affecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate); 
(iv) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be); 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or ENBD (as the case may be) determines a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in each case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with ENBD) or ENBD (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may also specify changes to these Conditions, 
including to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day 
Convention, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Dates 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the 
Notes (and in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (as applicable) (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments"), and ENBD shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 4(k)(vii), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice and such Benchmark Amendments shall apply to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(k) 
(Interest – Replacement Benchmark) in its entirety) provided that no such 
Benchmark Amendments shall impose more onerous obligations on the Principal 
Paying Agent or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities, or decrease its 
rights and protections, unless the Principal Paying Agent consents; 
(vi) 
any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(k)(i) (Interest – 
Replacement Benchmark) shall act in good faith and subject as aforesaid (in the 
absence of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to ENBD, the Principal Paying Agent or Noteholders for any

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
determination made by it or for any advice given to ENBD in connection with 
any determination made by ENBD pursuant to this Condition 4(k) (Interest – 
Benchmark Replacement). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection 
with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes pursuant to 
subparagraph (v), including for the execution of any documents, amendments or 
other steps by ENBD or the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts) (if required);  
(vii) 
ENBD shall, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof and of any Benchmark 
Amendments pursuant to subparagraph (v) above to the Principal Paying Agent 
(or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts) at least 5 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. ENBD shall give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) promptly 
thereafter; and 
(viii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(k) if in the Principal 
Paying Agent's opinion (or the opinion of such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amounts) there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 
4(k), the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amounts) shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall direct such party in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Principal Paying 
Agent (or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts) is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
(other than due to its own negligence, default or fraud) such party shall be under 
no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
"Adjustment Spread" means either: (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero); or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate), the Independent Adviser (in consultation with ENBD) or ENBD (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
ENBD) or ENBD (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with ENBD) or ENBD (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that no such industry standard is

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with ENBD) or 
ENBD in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as 
applicable), determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with ENBD) or ENBD (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) is customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in respect of Notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or, if the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with ENBD) or ENBD determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with ENBD) 
or ENBD (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) in its discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date") be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Principal Paying Agent or ENBD to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable).  
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the relevant Specified Future Date 
in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date; 
"Financial Stability Board" means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty (G20) in 
April 2009; 
 "Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an
 independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by ENBD at its own expense under Condition 4(k)(i) (Interest – Benchmark 
Replacement);

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the reference rate relates; 
(ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
(iii) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; 
(iv) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof; or 
(v) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if
 available) that is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body as a successor to or 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate.  
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment: 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi will be made by 
credit or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by 
the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne and Wellington, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, 
at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained 
by or on behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) (Payments – Method of 
Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other 
than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided 
in Condition 5(a) (Payments – Method of Payment) above against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will 
be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) (Payments – Method of Payment) above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the 
definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive 
Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon 
the date on which any definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from 
the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to 
its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as 
the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long 
Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes represented by any 
Global Note in bearer form ("Bearer Global Notes") will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise 
in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of any Bearer Global Note, distinguishing between any payment 
of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that 
the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the 
register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if: (i) a 
holder does not have a Designated Account; or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held 
by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment (in the case of a Specified Currency other than Renminbi) will instead 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined 
below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case 
of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account 
and, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, means the Renminbi account maintained by or 
on behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for payment) 
maintained by a holder with a "Designated Bank" and identified as such in the Register 
and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than 
euro or Renminbi) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Melbourne and Wellington, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro and (in the case of payment in Renminbi) a 
bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of each Registered Note will be made by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note 
appearing in the Register at the close of business on the fifth day (in the case of Renminbi) 
and the fifteenth day (in the case of a Specified Currency other than Renminbi, whether 
or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record 
Date") at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Payments 
of interest and payments of principal (other than the final instalment) in Renminbi shall 
be made by transfer to the registered account of the Noteholder. Upon application of the 
holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment 
of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the 
due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due 
on redemption) and instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of 
the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and 
the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the 
principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the 
Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Payments Subject to Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to: (i) any applicable laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation); 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day 
which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro 
or Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation, 
London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne and Wellington, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open or (C) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a 
day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(h) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 7 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 7 (Taxation). 
(i) 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon in RMB will be made solely by 
credit to a registered RMB account maintained by or on behalf of the payee at a bank in 
Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued 
from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the 
settlement of RMB in Hong Kong). 
(j) 
RMB Currency Event 
If the Specified Currency of the Notes is RMB and an RMB Currency Event, as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any principal 
or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the Issuer's 
obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be replaced by 
an obligation to pay such amount (in whole or in part) in the Relevant Currency and 
converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date as promptly notified to 
the Issuer and the Paying Agents. 
Upon the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto. 
In such event, any payment of U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar 
denominated account maintained by the payee with, or by a U.S. dollar denominated 
cheque drawn on, a bank in New York City; and the definition of "Payment Day" in 
Condition 5(g) (Payments – Payment Day) shall mean any day which (subject to Condition

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
8 (Prescription)) is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: (A) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant 
place of presentation; and (B) London and New York City. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5 (Payments): 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before 
the due date of the relevant payment under the Notes, other than where the Issuer properly 
determines that a RMB Currency Event has occurred at any time during the period from 
and including 10:01 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the second Determination Business Day 
preceding the original due date to and including 11:59 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
original due date, in which case the "Determination Date" will be the Determination 
Business Day immediately following the date on which the determination of the 
occurrence of a RMB Currency Event has been made; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"Relevant Currency" means United States dollars; 
"RMB Currency Events" means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability 
and RMB Inconvertibility; 
"RMB Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to satisfy its 
obligation to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes, as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international 
repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment 
date in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account 
inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and 
it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S.$ exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for 
settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is 
available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. 
dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days reported by 
the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters 
Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) 
or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(j) (Payments – RMB Currency Event) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents 
and all CNY Noteholders. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), each Note that provides for Instalment 
Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the relevant Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the 
Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes 
with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall 
remain outstanding until the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), each Note shall be finally redeemed on 
the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within sub-
paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes issued by ENBD, to the prior 
approval of the UAE Central Bank (the "Regulator", which expression shall include any 
successor thereto as the relevant regulator of banks in the UAE) where required) be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to or interpretation of, 
the laws, published practice or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)), or any change in the application or interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it,

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for Tax Reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 6(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
(Put Notice)) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 6(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. The Notes may (subject to 
the prior approval of the Regulator where required) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Regulatory 
Redemption Event has occurred and is continuing and if the circumstance that entitles the 
Issuer to exercise such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the change to the applicable regulatory rules or to the application 
or official interpretation thereof as described in the definition of "Regulatory 
Redemption Event" has occurred and is continuing. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption 
Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
In this Condition 6(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)): 
"Regulatory Redemption Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any 
change to any applicable regulatory rules or to the application or official interpretation 
thereof at any relevant time which has been previously announced in an official 
publication of the Regulator or of any other relevant governmental, regulatory or judicial 
body in the United Arab Emirates, the Notes are fully excluded from Tier II Capital of 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC and its subsidiaries (save where such exclusion is only as a 
result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital), provided that the Notes 
have qualified as Tier II Capital at any time following the date on which they were issued; 
and 
"Tier II Capital" means: (a) for so long as the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" 
published by the Regulator in the Official Gazette issue 612, together with the

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
accompanying standards, each published by the Regulator (as each may be supplemented 
or amended from time to time) (the "February 2017 Regulations") are applicable in the 
United Arab Emirates, Tier 2 Capital (as described in the February 2017 Regulations); and 
(b) if the February 2017 Regulations are no longer applicable in the United Arab Emirates, 
or if Tier 2 Capital is no longer the applicable regulatory categorisation, such successor 
regulatory capital categorisation resulting from any change to any applicable regulatory 
rules or to the application or official interpretation thereof which has been announced in 
an official publication of the Regulator or of any other relevant governmental, regulatory 
or judicial body in the United Arab Emirates. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes issued by ENBD, to the prior approval of the Regulator where 
required), having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a), notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, 
the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem: (i) in the case of Subordinated Notes, all of the Subordinated Notes; and (ii) in 
the case of Senior Notes, all or some only of the Senior Notes, in each case then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will (i) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lots not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the "Selection Date"), and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate 
nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate 
nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first 
mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the 
Redeemed Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) is only applicable to Senior Notes. If Investor Put is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
this Condition 6(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
(f) 
Redemption on a Change of Control 
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Change of 
Control Event occurs, the Issuer will, upon the holder of any Notes giving notice within 
the Change of Control Put Period to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
(unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control Notice (as defined below) the 
Issuer has given notice of redemption under Conditions 6(b) to (d)), redeem such Notes 
on the Change of Control Put Date at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) specifying the nature of Change of Control and 
the circumstances giving rise to it and the period for exercising the option. 
If 75 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes of a Series then outstanding have 
been redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased, pursuant to this Condition 6(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption on a Change of Control), the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) (such notice to be given within 30 days of the Purchase Date), 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some 
only of the remaining outstanding Notes of that Series at the Change of Control 
Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or purchase, as the case may be. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
a "Change of Control Event" will occur if at any time the Government of Dubai ceases 
to own, directly or indirectly, more than 33 per cent. of the issued share capital of ENBD 
or otherwise ceases to control, ENBD. For the purposes of this Condition, the Government 
of Dubai will be deemed to control ENBD if (whether directly or indirectly and whether 
by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract, trust or 
otherwise) it has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members 
of the board of directors of ENBD or otherwise controls, or has the power to control, the 
affairs and policies of ENBD; 
"Change of Control Redemption Amount" shall mean, in relation to each Note to be 
redeemed or purchased pursuant to the Change of Control Put Option, an amount equal to 
the nominal amount of such Note or such other amount as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Change of Control Put Date" means the first Business Day following the expiration of 
the Change of Control Put Period provided that the Change of Control Notice is given 
within 30 days of the Change of Control Event occurring, otherwise it means the date 
falling 14 days after the date on which the relevant Noteholder exercises its right to require 
the redemption of the relevant Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(f) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption on a Change of Control); 
"Change of Control Put Period" means, in relation to any Change of Control Event, the 
period from and including the date on which that Change of Control Event occurs (whether 
or not the Issuer has given a Change of Control Notice in respect of such event) to and 
including the date falling 60 days after the date on which the Change of Control Notice is 
given, provided that if no Change of Control Notice is given, the Change of Control Put 
Period shall not terminate; and 
"Purchase Date" shall be the Business Day following the date on which at least 75 per 
cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes of a Series then outstanding have been redeemed

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
or, as the case may be, purchased pursuant to this Condition 6(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption on a Change of Control). 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note under Conditions 6(e) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and 6(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption on a Change of Control) the holder of this Note 
must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered 
Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in 
respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance 
with Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer of Registered Notes – Transfer 
of Registered Notes in Definitive Form), in each case accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global 
Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within 
the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a 
form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this 
Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation 
of the relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to 
Conditions 6(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) and 6(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption on a Change of Control) 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default 
shall have occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to Conditions 6(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) 
and 6(f) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 
9 (Events of Default). 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Tax 
Reasons) and Condition 6(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note), at the Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP v (1 + AY)y where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (subject, in the case of respective Subordinated 
Notes, to the prior approval of the Regulator where required), at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, its Subsidiaries or surrendered to any Agent for cancellation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 6(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) above (together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(a) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at 
Maturity), 6(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Tax Reasons), 6(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 6(d) 
or 6(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
6(g)(g)(ii) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect 
of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon:

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Tax Jurisdiction; 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
the Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 5(g)). 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means: the UAE or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default for Senior Notes 
This Condition 9(a) (Events of Default – Events of Default for Senior Notes) only applies 
to Senior Notes. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and 
be continuing: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the 
Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven Business 
Days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when 
no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the 
failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a 
Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
any indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is not paid when due or 
within any applicable grace period or becomes due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity (and, in the case of a guarantee or indemnity, is called), 
provided that it shall not constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate 
amount (or its equivalent in U.S. dollars) of all such indebtedness either alone or 
when aggregated with all other such indebtedness which shall remain unpaid or 
unsatisfied, as the case may be, shall be more than U.S.$50,000,000; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary takes any corporate action or other steps are 
taken or legal proceedings are started for its winding-up, nationalisation,

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
dissolution, administration or re-organisation (whether by way of voluntary 
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or for the appointment of a 
liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, 
trustee or similar officer of it or of any substantial part or all of its revenues and 
assets and such proceedings are not frivolous or vexatious or are not being 
actively contested in good faith by the Issuer or, as the case may be, such Material 
Subsidiary save: (i) in the case of the Issuer, for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or (ii) in the case of 
a Material Subsidiary: (A) for the purposes of a solvent consolidation, 
amalgamation or restructuring, pursuant to which some or all the assets of such 
Material Subsidiary are transferred to any one or more members of the Group; or 
(B) for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution provided that a bona fide disposal for full value on an 
arm's length basis of: (1), in the case of the Issuer, the whole or substantially all 
of the business of the Issuer; or (2), in the case of a Material Subsidiary, the whole 
or substantially all of the business of that Material Subsidiary ((i) and (ii) above, 
together a "Permitted Reorganisation") shall not be deemed in any event to be 
an Event of Default for the purposes of this sub-paragraph; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or substantially all of its business, or any 
Material Subsidiary ceases to carry on the whole or substantially all of its business 
in each case, save that a Permitted Reorganisation shall not be deemed in any 
event to be an Event of Default for the purposes of this sub-paragraph; or 
(vi) 
if the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
commences negotiations with its creditors as a whole or any one or more classes 
of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of its 
indebtedness or makes a general assignment for the benefit of or a composition 
with its creditors; or 
(vii) 
any execution or distress is levied against, or an encumbrancer takes possession 
of: (A) the whole or substantially all of the property, undertaking or assets of the 
Issuer; or (B) the whole or substantially all of the property, undertaking or assets 
of any Material Subsidiary or any event occurs which under the laws of any 
jurisdiction has a similar or analogous effect, unless such enforcement 
proceedings are frivolous or vexatious or are being actively contested in good 
faith by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary, as the case may be; or 
(viii) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to comply with or pay any sum which 
amount shall not be less than U.S.$50,000,000 due from it under any final non-
appealable judgment or any final non-appealable order made or given by any 
court of competent jurisdiction and such failure continues for period of 30 days 
next following the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be paid/remedied; or 
(ix) 
if at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any or all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or any of the material 
obligations of the Issuer thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable; or 
(x) 
the UAE ceases to be a member in good standing or becomes ineligible to use the 
resources of the International Monetary Fund, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying 
Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same 
shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest 
or other notice of any kind.

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
(b) 
Events of Default for Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 9(b) (Events of Default – Events of Default for Subordinated Notes) only 
applies to Subordinated Notes. 
(i) 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due under the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of 
principal and 14 days in the case of interest, any Noteholder may institute 
proceedings in the UAE or any Emirate therein (but not elsewhere) for the 
dissolution and liquidation of ENBD. 
(ii) 
If any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 
(1) 
the Issuer takes any corporate action or other steps are taken or legal 
proceedings are started for its winding-up, nationalisation, dissolution, 
administration or re-organisation (whether by way of voluntary 
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer of it or of any 
substantial part or all of its revenues and assets and such proceedings are 
not frivolous or vexatious or are not being actively contested in good 
faith by the Issuer save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, provided that a bona fide 
disposal for full value on an arm's length basis of the whole or 
substantially all of the business of the Issuer shall not be deemed in any 
event to be an Event of Default for the purposes of this sub-paragraph; or 
(2) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or substantially all of its business 
save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution, provided that a bona fide disposal for full 
value on an arm's length basis of the whole or substantially all of the 
business of the Issuer shall not be deemed in any event to be an Event of 
Default for the purposes of this sub-paragraph; or 
(3) 
any execution or distress is levied against, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of, the whole or any substantial part of the property, 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer or any event occurs which under the 
laws of any jurisdiction has a similar or analogous effect, unless such 
enforcement proceedings are frivolous or vexatious or are being actively 
contested in good faith by the Issuer; or 
(4) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the UAE, any Emirate therein 
or any other jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to in paragraphs (1) to (3) above, 
then the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Issuer at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by 
the Principal Paying Agent, that such Note is due and payable, whereupon the 
same shall, subject to Condition 2, become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment without presentation, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(iii) 
To the extent permitted by applicable law and by these Conditions, a Noteholder 
may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons, but the institution of such 
proceedings shall not have the effect that the Issuer shall be obliged to pay any 
sum or sums sooner than would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(iv) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than the institution of the proceedings referred 
to in paragraph (i) or (iii) above and the proving or claiming in any dissolution

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
and liquidation of the Issuer, shall be available to the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders whether for the recovering of amounts 
owing in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or in respect of any 
breach by the Issuer of any other obligation, condition or provision binding on it 
under the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons. 
(c) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
a "holding company" of a company or corporation shall be construed as a reference to 
any company or corporation of which the first-mentioned company or corporation is a 
Subsidiary; 
"indebtedness" shall be construed so as to include any obligation (whether incurred as 
principal or as surety) for the payment or repayment of money, whether present or future, 
actual or contingent; 
"Material Subsidiary" shall mean a Subsidiary from time to time of the Issuer, the book 
value of the assets of which exceeds 25 per cent. of the book value of the assets of the 
Group taken as a whole or the revenues of which exceed 25 per cent. of the revenues of 
the Group taken as a whole and, for these purposes: 
(i) 
the book value of the assets and revenues of such Subsidiary shall be determined 
by reference to its then most recent audited annual financial statements (or, if 
none, its then most recent management accounts); and 
(ii) 
the book value of the assets and revenues of the Group shall be determined by 
reference to its then most recent audited annual consolidated financial statements, 
in each case adjusted, as the Auditors may consider appropriate, to take account of any 
changes in circumstances since the date as of which such financial statements (or 
management accounts) were prepared. A report of the Auditors that in their opinion a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout 
any specified period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all parties; 
a "Subsidiary" of a company or corporation shall be construed as a reference to any 
company or corporation: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or 
corporation; or 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or 
(iii) 
which is a subsidiary of another subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or 
corporation, 
and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control 
the composition of its board of directors or equivalent body; 
and the "winding-up", "dissolution" or "administration" of a company or corporation 
shall be construed so as to include any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the law 
of the jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is incorporated or any 
jurisdiction in which such company or corporation carries on business including the 
seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration, 
arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors.

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent and a Transfer Agent with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent and a Transfer Agent with a specified office in 
Europe. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes shall be published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made in 
the Financial Times in London or any other daily newspaper in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations 
of any other stock exchange (or other relevant authority) on which the Bearer Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed 
to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in each such newspaper or where published 
in such newspapers on different dates, the last date of such first publication. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing. In addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on 
a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes) through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed by the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error 
or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and the date from which the interest starts to accrue so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may, subject, to the extent so required, to the 
approval of the Regulator, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons any member of the Group (the "Substitute") provided that no Event of Default is 
subsisting at the relevant time. The substitution shall be made by a substitution deed (the 
"Substitution Deed"), to be executed by the Issuer and the Substitute and shall be effective on and 
from the time or event specified in the Substitution Deed (the "Time of Substitution"), and may 
take place only if: 
(a) 
where the Substitute is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a 
territory other than the UAE or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, the Substitution Deed contains a covenant by the Substitute and/or 
such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder has the benefit 
of a covenant by the Substitute in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 7 
with the substitution for the reference to "the UAE" in the definition of "Tax Jurisdiction" 
of a reference to the territory in which the Substitute is incorporated, domiciled and/or 
resident for taxation purposes. The Substitute shall also, by means of the Substitution Deed, 
agree to indemnify each Noteholder, Receiptholder and Couponholder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority 
in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and/or, 
if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon and which 
would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(b) 
the substitution does not result in a downgrade in any then current credit rating of the 
Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons, or if the Notes, Receipts or Coupons are not rated at 
such time, would not result in a downgrade if they were rated and in either case this has 
been confirmed in writing either by each rating agency which has assigned such a credit 
rating or (if the Notes, Receipts or Coupons are unrated) by an internationally recognised 
rating agency; 
(c) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Substitution Deed, the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of 
the Substitute and, in the case of the Substitution Deed, of ENBD have been taken, fulfilled 
and done and are in full force and effect; 
(d) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it;

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
(e) 
each stock exchange or listing authority which has the Notes listed on such stock exchange 
shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of ENBD the Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(f) 
legal opinions addressed to the Principal Paying Agent (for the benefit of the Noteholders) 
shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent from a lawyer or firm of lawyers 
with a leading securities practice: (i) in each jurisdiction referred to in (a) above as to the 
fulfilment of condition (c) of this Condition; and (ii) in England confirming that the 
Substitution Deed constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of ENBD and the 
Substitute; and 
(g) 
ENBD shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
stating that copies, or, pending execution, the agreed text, of all relevant documents in 
relation to the substitution which are referred to above will be available for inspection at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
Immediately on and from the Time of Substitution any reference in the Conditions to (as the case 
may be) the "Issuer" shall be construed as a reference to the Substitute. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Arbitration 
Subject to Condition 18(c), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, 
relating to or having any connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons 
(including any dispute, claim, difference or controversy regarding the existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the Notes, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally 
resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules (the "Rules"), which Rules (as 
amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 18(b). For 
these purposes: 
(i) 
the seat, or legal place, of arbitration will be London; 
(ii) 
the governing law of the arbitration agreement shall be English law; 
(iii) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the 
arbitration, shall have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an 
attorney experienced in international securities transactions; and 
(iv) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(c) 
Court of law 
Notwithstanding Condition 18(b) above, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
may, in the alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer: 
(i) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the "Rules"); 
or 
(ii) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced,

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder gives such notice, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 18(d) and, subject as provided below, any 
arbitration commenced under Condition 18(b) in respect of that Dispute will be 
terminated. Each person who gives such notice and the recipient of that notice will bear 
its own costs in relation to the terminated arbitration. 
If any notice to terminate the arbitration in accordance with this Condition 18(c) is given 
after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect of any Dispute, the Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, must also promptly give notice to the 
LCIA Court and to any Tribunal (each as defined in the "Rules") already appointed in 
relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such 
notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator in relation 
to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will be deemed to be 
functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(A) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in 
support of that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(B) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(C) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any 
limitation bar or any similar rule or provision. 
(d) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 18(c) is issued, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (iii) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and the Issuer submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of such courts; 
(ii) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to 
the contrary; and 
(iii) 
this Condition 18(d) is for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders only. As a result, and notwithstanding paragraph (i) above, 
any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may start proceedings relating 
to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other court with jurisdiction. To the extent 
allowed by law, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may start 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
ENBD appoints Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, London Branch (attention of: Chief Executive 
Officer) at its registered office at Emirates NBD House, 25 Knightsbridge, London, SW1X 
7LY, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process and agrees that, in the event of 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will immediately (and in any event within 30 days of the event taking place) 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings or Disputes. Failure by a process agent to notify the person that appointed it 
of any process will not invalidate the relevant proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(f) 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction 
or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making,

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Proceedings 
or Disputes. 
(g) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and to arbitration and appointed an agent for service of 
process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
ENBD was incorporated and registered in the UAE as a Public Joint Stock Company on 16 July 2007 with 
registration number 1013450, under the Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law Number 8 of 1984, as 
amended). ENBD is a publicly listed company whose shares are listed on the Dubai Financial Market (the 
"DFM"). As at 31 December 2020, ENBD had 6,316,598,253 shares outstanding held by 2096 shareholders 
of record, with a total issued and paid-up capital (equal to that authorised) of AED 6,316,598,253. No 
shareholder, other than ICD, which is wholly owned by the Government of Dubai and holds 55.75 per cent. 
of shares of ENBD, held more than 10 per cent. of the shares of ENBD as at 31 December 2020. 
ENBD is one of the largest banking entities in the UAE across a range of metrics, including by shareholders 
equity and by loans as at 31 December 2020. ENBD is also one of the largest banking entities in the GCC 
by assets, with total equity of AED 84.6 billion, total assets of AED 698.1 billion as at 31 December 2020 
and total operating income of AED 23.2 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020. Originally 
incorporated to serve as the holding company of EBI and NBD during the initial stages of their merger, on 
21 November 2009, EBI and NBD were legally amalgamated with ENBD. As a result of the amalgamation, 
all of the assets and liabilities of EBI and NBD were transferred to ENBD and EBI and NBD were dissolved. 
ENBD is one of the leading full-service banks in the UAE with branches in India, the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, Singapore, the UAE and the UK, as well as branches (through its operating subsidiaries) in Austria, 
Bahrain, Egypt, Germany, Turkey and Russia, and representative offices in China and Indonesia.  
During 2020, ENBD won the following awards: 
• 
"Bank of the Year – UAE 2020" and "Bank of the Year – Middle East 2020" by The Banker; 
• 
"Best Process Automation Implementation Award" by The Asian Banker;  
• 
"Best Retail Bank in the Middle East", "Most Recommended Bank in the UAE" and "Best Digital 
Bank in the Middle East" at The Asian Banker Excellence in Retail Financial Services 2020 
International Awards; and  
• 
"Global Award for Excellence in Crisis: Client Services" by Global Finance. 
ENBD has a significant presence in the UAE retail, corporate and commercial banking market. In addition, 
through its subsidiaries (including Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC ("Emirates Islamic")) and associates, 
ENBD offers Islamic banking services, as well as investment banking, property management, asset 
management, insurance services, credit card facilities and other banking-related services. 
Through ENBD's acquisition of DenizBank on 30 July 2019, ENBD acquired the fifth largest private bank 
in Turkey, with operations in Austria, Bahrain, Germany, Russia and Turkey.  
As at 31 December 2020, ENBD had total assets of AED 698.1 billion and total equity worth AED 84.6 
billion while as at 31 December 2019, ENBD had total assets and total equity of AED 683.3 billion and 
AED 81.6 billion, respectively. As at 31 December 2020, ENBD had liquid assets (defined as cash and 
deposits with the UAE Central Bank) of AED 100.8 billion, while as at 31 December 2019, ENBD had 
liquid assets of AED 109.4 billion. 
For the purposes of reporting its risk-weighted assets in accordance with Basel III, ENBD had, as at 31 
December 2020, Tier 1 capital of AED 77.5 billion and eligible Tier 2 capital of AED 4.9 billion. ENBD's 
profit after tax for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 was AED 7.0 billion and 
AED 14.5 billion, respectively. As at 31 December 2020, ENBD had total deposits of AED 464.2 billion. 
General 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENBD has a long term rating of A+ and a short term rating of F1 
from Fitch; and a long term rating of A3 and a short term rating of P-2 by Moody's.

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
ENBD operates in the UAE under a banking licence issued by the UAE Central Bank. The registered 
address of ENBD is Baniyas Road, Deira, P.O. Box 777, Dubai, UAE and the telephone number of the 
registered office is +971 4 225 6256. 
Ownership Structure 
ICD was established in May 2006, through the partial transfer of the Government of Dubai's investment 
portfolio from the Department of Finance, pursuant to a decree issued by H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin 
Rashid Al Maktoum, the Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE (the "Ruler of Dubai"). It is the 
only entity mandated to directly own and manage the Government of Dubai's corporate assets. 
The aim of ICD is to assist in establishing the vision for Dubai through devising and implementing the 
Government of Dubai's investment strategy and managing investments deemed to be of strategic 
importance to Dubai's long-term development goals. 
The investments, diversified across multiple sectors, are considered to be a platform for the future growth 
of Dubai and include Dubai's most recognised companies including but not limited to, in addition to ENBD, 
Borse Dubai Limited, Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C., Commercial Bank of Dubai P.J.S.C., The Emirates 
Group (including dnata), Dubai Aerospace Enterprise (DAE) Ltd, Dubai Aluminium PJSC, Dubai Cable 
Company (Private) Ltd, Emirates National Oil Company Limited (ENOC) LLC and Emaar Properties 
PJSC. 
ICD works closely with its portfolio companies to identify value enhancing acquisition opportunities as 
well as providing them with strategic support to aid their growth. 
The board of directors of ICD is chaired by the Ruler of Dubai and is composed of five directors, who 
include the Chairman of ENBD. 
Strategy 
Having navigated through the challenges of 2020, ENBD is now well positioned to capitalise on domestic 
and international opportunities across its network, continue to deliver excellent customer service, spearhead 
digital innovation in banking and continue to meet compliance and regulatory standards. In 2021, ENBD 
will continue to focus on its five core building blocks: 
1. 
delivering an excellent customer experience (with a digital focus); 
2. 
driving core business; 
3. 
running an efficient organisation; 
4. 
driving international expansion; and 
5. 
building a high performing organisation. 
In 2020, ENBD introduced multiple new features and offerings for its retail and corporate customers (as 
discussed further below). Driving digital initiatives, and the resultant enhanced customer experience and 
internal efficiencies, will form a core part of ENBD's strategy for 2021. In particular, ENBD will continue 
to focus on developing and launching innovative offerings through new generation platforms, with a view 
to reinventing and improving customer journeys by focusing on "straight through" processing, allowing 
ENBD to leverage on the benefits of a digitised network. In respect of ENBD's digital banks, Liv. and E20., 
ENBD aims to continue to develop potential areas of opportunity to increase revenue generation and drive 
acquisition among certain targeted segments. In particular, ENBD will look to develop and grow the 
benefits of its new "businessONLINE" platform for corporate and SME customers.  
Following on from new digital initiatives implemented in 2020 and ENBD's successful transition to remote 
working following the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2021, ENBD aims to conclude its IT digital transformation 
programme and launch new mobile and online banking channels for customers. In pursuit of this, ENBD 
intends to leverage end-to-end operational efficiencies while continuing to scale up new ways of working 
using efficient and digitally enabled processes, productivity improvements, agile delivery systems, 
infrastructure automation and digital innovation.

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
ENBD continues to strive to improve efficiency drivers by managing operating costs and controlling the 
cost of risk. In 2021, ENBD aims to advance cross-functional collaboration and extraction of synergies 
across its network with a view to operating as "One Group". ENBD remains committed to maintaining high 
standards of risk governance and risk culture, with a view to keeping its risk appetite and portfolio 
management framework aligned to ENBD's overall corporate and capital allocation strategy. ENBD will 
continue to focus on meeting evolving international regulations, in keeping with its commitment to 
maintaining high operating standards. 
ENBD's international footprint places it in a unique position to derive growth by maximising potential from 
various trade corridors across the globe and business linkages between international markets. In 2021, 
ENBD made progress in its efforts to expand in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia by opening three further 
branches (in addition to its four existing branches). ENBD will also focus on expediting its plans for 
expansion into India, continuing strategic growth momentum in Egypt and further developing its 
competitive positions in London and Singapore. ENBD will continue to tap into business opportunities 
between DenizBank and the Group, and will work to further bolster the link between ENBD and DenizBank 
across business, control and support aspects.  
ENBD also continues to assess new growth avenues by evaluating select markets and potential targets for 
organic and inorganic growth. 
ENBD remains committed to building a high performing organisation by ensuring that employee 
performance models are aligned to the customer-orientated, digital and agile agenda of ENBD. In 2021, 
ENBD will look to continue to deliver purpose built development programmes for UAE nationals as part 
of its "Emiratisation" strategy. In addition to this, ENBD aims to continue to maintain momentum on 
employee development initiatives by creating a learning culture of greater engagement, enabling all staff 
to curate learning paths and train for aspirational roles within ENBD.  
Activities of ENBD 
For financial reporting purposes, ENBD divides its operations into the following business segments: 
1. 
Corporate and Institutional Banking comprises current and savings accounts, customer deposits, 
overdrafts, trade finance and term loans for government, corporate customers, investment banking, 
Islamic products through Al Watani Al Islami, ENBD's Islamic banking window, and structured 
financing primarily in the UAE and Egypt; 
2. 
Retail Banking and Wealth Management comprises retail loans and deposits, private banking and 
wealth management, equity broking services, asset management and consumer financing primarily 
in the UAE and Egypt; 
3. 
Global Markets and Treasury Activities comprise of managing the Group's portfolio of 
investments, funds management, and interbank treasury operations primarily in the UAE and Egypt; 
4. 
Islamic Banking activities include the income and fees earned and expenses paid by the Islamic 
banking subsidiaries;  
5. 
DenizBank comprises the operations of DenizBank, a full service commercial banking platform 
of corporate banking, retail banking and treasury; and 
6. 
Other Operations of the Group include Tanfeeth, property management, operations and support 
functions. 
For internal business purposes, ENBD divides its operations into the following business segments: 
1. 
Corporate and Institutional Banking comprises structured financing, current and savings 
accounts, customer deposits, overdrafts, trade finance and term loans for government, corporate, 
commercial customers, investment banking and Islamic products through Al Watani Al Islami, 
ENBD's Islamic banking window; 
2. 
Retail Banking and Wealth Management comprises retail loans and deposits, private banking and 
wealth management, equity broking services, asset management and consumer financing;

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
3. 
Global Markets and Treasury comprises managing the Group's portfolio of investments, funds 
management, and interbank treasury operations; 
4. 
Islamic Banking activities comprise the income and fees earned and expenses paid by the Islamic 
banking subsidiaries; and 
5. 
Other Operations of the Group include Emirates NBD Egypt, DenizBank, Tanfeeth, property 
management, operations and support functions. 
Corporate and Institutional Banking 
ENBD's largest business segment in terms of assets is that of Corporate and Institutional Banking 
("C&IB"), which accounted for 45.1 per cent. of ENBD's total assets as at 31 December 2020. C&IB offers 
a wide range of specialised services to more than 3,000 client groups, which include public sector entities, 
medium and large corporate entities, multinational entities and financial institutions. C&IB designs 
solutions and products specific to the business needs of its customers (see "C&IB Transformation 
Programme" below). 
C&IB is organised into three client segments: Corporate Banking; the Financial Institutions Group; and the 
International Coverage Group; and five product groups: (a) Transaction Banking (including cash 
management and trade finance); (b) Investment Banking; (c) Equity Brokerage; (d) ENBD's Islamic 
Banking window (Al Watani Al Islami); and (e) Core Lending and Working Capital Solutions.  
C&IB has a presence in 13 countries, operating primarily through: (i) ENBD offices in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, 
Al Ain and Sharjah; (ii) ENBD branches in the Egypt, India, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore and 
the UK; and (iii) representative offices in China and Indonesia. C&IB also caters to clients in Austria, 
Bahrain, Germany, Turkey and Russia through DenizBank.  
Client Segments 
Corporate Banking  
Corporate Banking caters to corporate clients across a variety of industries and operates through the 
following sub-segments: 
• 
Corporate Banking: Private Sector  
The Private Sector unit caters to businesses in the private sector such as multinational corporates, 
wholesalers and retailers, and commodity trading firms.  
• 
Corporate Banking: Large Local Corporate 
The Large Local Corporate unit caters to businesses located in Dubai and the wider UAE.  
• 
Corporate Banking: Public Sector 
The Public Sector unit works with the government related departments and government related entities 
across the UAE, providing transaction, structured finance and cash-management solutions. 
• 
Corporate Banking: Real Estate & Contracting 
The Real Estate & Contracting unit supports both UAE-based and international clients in commercial 
and residential real estate, construction and contracting projects across the region.  
Financial Institutions Group 
The Financial Institutions Group caters to the banking needs of banks, finance companies and non-bank 
financial intermediaries including insurers, leasing companies, sovereign wealth funds, family holding 
companies and financial services companies.  
International Coverage Group 
The International Coverage Group caters to customers within the Group's international network.

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Products and Solutions 
Core Lending and Working Capital Solutions 
The Core Lending and Working Capital Solutions department provides customised lending and working 
capital solutions, such as real estate finance, asset based finance, commodity finance, project finance, trade 
and supply chain finance, and equipment finance, to meet the needs of clients across different sectors.   
Transaction Banking 
The Transaction Banking department offers a range of transaction banking services, including factoring, 
liquidity management, escrow services, trade finance and cash management. The trade finance solutions 
offered by the Transaction Banking department are aimed at helping businesses grow, reduce costs, mitigate 
risk and manage their supply chains. This department also offers "end-to-end" digital banking solutions for 
clients, such as the e-banking platform, "smartBUSINESS". 
Investment Banking 
ENBD provides investment banking services through its subsidiary, Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
("ENBD Capital"). ENBD Capital advises on and arranges a wide variety of transactions including bond 
and sukuk issuances, syndicated loans and structured finance as well as equity capital markets services, 
such as initial public offerings, and rights issues. ENBD Capital also advises on merger and acquisition 
transactions.  
Equity Brokerage 
ENBD offers brokerage services through its subsidiary, Emirates NBD Securities LLC ("Emirates NBD 
Securities"). Emirates NBD Securities offers secure and convenient access to the major exchanges in the 
UAE and Saudi Arabia. Established in 2002, Emirates NBD Securities is regulated by the Securities and 
Commodities Authority. 
Al Watani AI Islami (Islamic Banking window) 
Al Watani Al Islami is ENBD's Islamic window, established to offer Shari'a compliant solutions designed 
to meet the wide variety of financial requirements of corporates and businesses. 
Asset Composition of Conventional Loan Portfolio 
A breakdown of ENBD's conventional loan portfolio by industry, as at 31 December 2020, is set out below: 
Economic Activity 
Amount 
Percentage 
 
(AED billions) 
(%) 
Sovereign ...............................................................................................................................  
160.2 
38.4 
Personal ..................................................................................................................................  
60.1 
14.4 
Real Estate .............................................................................................................................  
47.7 
11.4 
Trade ......................................................................................................................................  
23.2 
5.6 
Financial Institutions & Investment Companies .....................................................................  
17.4 
4.2 
Management of Companies and Enterprises...........................................................................  
8.8  
2.1 
Manufacturing ........................................................................................................................  
19.5 
4.7 
Construction ...........................................................................................................................  
16.4 
3.9 
Services ..................................................................................................................................  
15.4 
3.7 
Hotels and Restaurants ...........................................................................................................  
14.1 
3.4 
Transport and Communications..............................................................................................  
12.0 
2.9 
Agriculture .............................................................................................................................  
8.6 
2.1 
Others .....................................................................................................................................  
13.3 
3.2 
Total Customer Loans and Receivables ..............................................................................  
416.7 
100.0

--- Page 112 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
Asset Composition of Islamic Loan Portfolio 
A breakdown of ENBD's Islamic loan portfolio by industry, as at 31 December 2020 is set out below: 
Economic Activity 
Amount 
Percentage 
 
(AED billions) 
(%) 
Sovereign ..................................................................................................................................  
0.9 
1.5 
Personal .....................................................................................................................................  
31.7 
49.9 
Real Estate ................................................................................................................................  
8.5 
13.3 
Trade .........................................................................................................................................  
7.8 
12.3 
Financial Institutions & Investment Companies ........................................................................  
1.5 
2.4 
Management of Companies and Enterprises..............................................................................  
2.6 
4.1 
Manufacturing ...........................................................................................................................  
2.3 
3.6 
Construction ..............................................................................................................................  
1.5 
2.3 
Services .....................................................................................................................................  
1.5 
2.4 
Hotels and Restaurants ..............................................................................................................  
0.8 
1.2 
Transport and Communications.................................................................................................  
1.4 
2.1 
Agriculture ................................................................................................................................  
- 
- 
Others ........................................................................................................................................  
3.1 
4.9 
Total Islamic Financing Receivables ......................................................................................  
63.6 
100.0 
C&IB Transformation Programme 
In 2020, C&IB continued to progress its transformation programme aimed at providing C&IB clients with 
a more tailored product suite supported by enhanced credit processes, efficient and reliable operations and 
a high-performance culture. 
As part of this transformation programme, C&IB's launched a number of new digital banking solutions to 
assist customers with cash, liquidity, trade and supply chain finance solutions. These included:  
• 
businessONLINE, a digital global cash management ecosystem; 
• 
smartTRADE, a trade finance portal; 
• 
smartSCF, a supply chain finance portal which seeks to simplify supply chain collaboration by 
allowing clients access to short-term credit to pay suppliers promptly; 
• 
smartCDM, a programme which allows clients to receive credit instantly from cash and cheques 
deposited; 
• 
Virtual accounts, to easily identify payers and simplify the customer reconciliation process; and 
• 
SWIFT for corporates, providing customers with the ability to connect with thousands of financial 
institutions and interact and settle transactions in an easy and secure manner.  
As a result of this, C&IB offers an extensive digital banking ecosystem in the UAE. In 2021, C&IB's focus 
will remain on manual operations and encouraging "straight through" processing for all transactions.  
Retail Banking and Wealth Management 
Retail Banking and Wealth Management is divided into two distinct and complementary business lines: (i) 
Retail Banking; and (ii) Wealth Management. 
Retail Banking 
As of 31 December 2020, ENBD had the largest amount of consumer deposits among banks in the UAE 
and, as such, is a dominant retail banking franchise in the UAE; it provides conventional retail banking 
products and services through a domestic network of 69 branches (as of 31 December 2020). ENBD also 
has one of the largest networks of self-service machines in the UAE, with approximately 644 self-service 
machines spread across the seven Emirates, as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 113 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Retail Banking provides a wide range of products and services ranging from accounts and deposits, credit 
cards, personal loans, auto loans, mortgages, foreign exchange and remittances as well as investment and 
insurance products. The division's focus on customer experience and innovation is reflected in its growing 
market share across most products. ENBD's market share as at 31 December 2020 in terms of cards, loans 
and deposits was approximately 20 per cent., 11 per cent. and 20 per cent., respectively. 
Personal Banking is ENBD's largest customer segment serving over 1.3 million mass and emerging affluent 
customers across the UAE. In line with the division's focus and supported by digital campaigns and focus 
from both sales teams and branch staff, acquisition of emerging affluent customers through Personal 
Banking's "Beyond" proposition increased by 8 per cent. during the year ended 31 December 2020 
compared to the previous year, building a more diversified client base.  
Priority Banking is a premium banking service designed to provide wealth management solutions to the 
affluent customer base. The division's Business Banking segment addresses the needs of small and medium-
sized enterprises ("SMEs") providing them with a suite of liabilities, lending, FX, trade and wealth 
offerings. In 2020, the division implemented a revised investment advisory framework for affluent and 
emerging affluent customers to enable simplified investing across a diverse range of products, in line with 
their individual risk profiles. In addition to this, a referral partnership is in place with MetLife, a global 
provider of insurance, to enable customers to sign up for life insurance and savings plans.  
Response to COVID-19 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, ENBD implemented a series of relief measures to support its retail 
customers. These included: (i) retail loan instalment deferrals to over 33.0 per cent. of ENBD's loan book 
in conjunction with the UAE Central Bank and the TESS; (ii) debt restructuring programmes to support 
customers impacted by furloughs and temporary pay revisions by way of proportionate reductions in 
monthly instalment amounts; (iii) the waiving of ATM withdrawal charges for customers using non-ENBD 
ATMs; (iv) reduced card FX charges on travel cancellations; (v) reduced cash advance charges; (vi) interest 
free instalment plans for school fees and grocery payments; and (vii) the waiving of minimum balance non-
maintenance fees and reductions in trade tariffs for SME customers.  
Additionally, in light of national movement restrictions imposed during 2020 and the subsequent closing 
of certain ENBD branches, ENBD increased digital access to its retail banking services to support its 
customers. This included: (i) complete digital access to loans, cards and wealth applications; (ii) email 
based sign-up processes for ENBD's online platforms for SME customers; (iii) increased online transfer 
limits; (iv) the introduction of "Smart Pass", a new soft token based authentication service for increased 
security and convenience; and (v) videocall based communication between customers and their relationship 
managers and investment advisors.  
During 2020, ENBD was also involved in several community support initiatives such as the donation of 
student laptops and provision of accommodation, food packs and sanitation kits for health workers and 
others.  
Product developments  
In 2019, ENBD partnered with LuLu to launch the "Emirates NBD LuLu 247 Mastercard" credit card which 
offers ENBD customers reward points on their day-to-day spending in LuLu stores, fuel and utilities. The 
"Emirates NBD Marriot Bonvoy" credit card was also relaunched with refreshed customer benefits and 
rewards. Additionally, the "Emirates NBD Plus Saver" account was implemented, offering customers 
attractive interest rates on their online savings account balances, along with the "Early Saver" account for 
children. The "Emirates NBD Emirati Debit Card" was launched in 2020 offering UAE National customers 
a range of exclusive benefits. The "Emirates NBD Prepaid Gift Card" was also launched in 2020, providing 
customers with a digital gifting alternative and was featured in joint campaigns with Amazon and 
Noon.com. In 2020, ENBD rolled out the "Emirates NBD Visa Flexi Credit Card" enabling cardholders to 
customise their credit cards with benefits of their choice. This credit card provides customers with the 
ability to pick and choose the features they want to access to complement their lifestyle and preferences.  
The retail loans product offering was enhanced in 2020 with the "AUTOSWAP" auto loan buy-out 
programme launched in partnership with Dubizzle, the online classified advertisement platform, as a 
convenient solution for customers selling their used vehicles through the Dubizzle platform without having 
to settle their outstanding loans first. In addition to this, ENBD partnered with property technology start-up

--- Page 114 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
"Urban" to launch a first of its kind financing programme for UAE property rentals, allowing tenants to 
finance their rental payments through a customised rental loan. A new digital purchasing and financing 
programme was also implemented in conjunction with GMC, a leading auto manufacturer, to enable 
customers to buy and finance new vehicles entirely online. ENBD also carried out several joint promotions 
with local property developers and auto dealerships to provide attractive financing deals and offers to 
customers.  
The Retail Banking division has been recognised with the receipt of a number of awards recently, including 
"Best Retail Bank in the Middle East & UAE" and "Most Recommended Bank in the UAE" for 2020 at 
The Asian Banker Excellence in Retail Financial Services 2020 International Awards as well as "Best Retail 
Bank in the Middle East and the UAE" for 2019 by Retail Banker International. 
Asset Composition of Conventional Retail Loan Portfolio 
Retail loans are governed by strict policy parameters which are uniformly and consistently applied to the 
relevant customer segments and businesses based on the policy lending rules. A breakdown of Retail 
Banking's conventional retail loan portfolio by type of customer loans and receivables, as at 31 December 
2020, is set out below. 
Product Type 
Amount 
Percentage 
 
(AED billion) 
(%) 
Personal Loans ................................................................................................................... 
32.1 
38.8 
Mortgages .......................................................................................................................... 
8.5 
10.2 
Credit Cards ....................................................................................................................... 
12.7 
15.3 
Car Loans ........................................................................................................................... 
4.0 
4.9 
Overdrafts - Retail .............................................................................................................. 
2.8 
3.4 
Staff loans .......................................................................................................................... 
0.9 
1.0 
Time Loans - Retail ............................................................................................................ 
0.6 
0.8 
Others - Retail .................................................................................................................... 
21.1 
25.6 
Total Loans and Receivables ........................................................................................... 
82.7 
100.0 
Distribution Channels & Digitisation 
ENBD is the leading retail banking franchise in the UAE. In 2020, customer digital adoption accelerated in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, with 77.0 per cent. of retail customers being digitally active with 
their banking at ENBD and 96.0 per cent. of all Retail Banking transactions being effected through digital 
channels. Contactless payments also increased rapidly in 2020 with over 85 per cent. of all face-to-face 
point of sale payments being made through contactless or mobile wallet based payments. Due to this 
increased transactional migration to digital platforms, ENBD's branch and self-service network was 
rationalised. In 2021, as part of ENBD's existing expansion plans, the Group also opened three new 
branches in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, including two branches in the Makkah and Madinah areas. 
In 2019, ENBD advanced its digitalisation agenda through the implementation of a fully digital account 
opening process which enables individual Retail Banking customers to open a new account instantly from 
their smartphone, and in 2020 approximately 25 per cent. of all new accounts were opened in this way. 
"Chat Banking" via WhatsApp was also launched in 2019, allowing customers to check account balances, 
view recent transactions, obtain a credit card mini-statement, temporarily block or unblock cards, and 
access other ENBD services using the WhatsApp chat application on their mobile. In addition to this, ENBD 
also launched "Emirates NBD Voice Banking" enabling customers to obtain account and card updates via 
their Amazon Alexa devices. In 2020, a new digital identity verification process was also introduced, 
allowing customers to have their identity documents verified using contactless, near-field communication 
(NFC) technology when opening a new account via ENBD's mobile banking app.  
In furtherance of its digital focus, ENBD implemented the "Better Together" platform in 2019 which allows 
a panel of customers to work directly with ENBD on co-creating and beta testing new digital solutions as 
well as carrying out "mystery shopping" of ENBD's services.  
In 2020, ENBD also continued with its internal digital transformation, equipping the Group with agile 
digital infrastructure to respond to changing customer behaviours (see "Information Technology" below).

--- Page 115 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Digital banks 
In 2017, ENBD launched Liv., the first lifestyle digital bank of its kind in the UAE, targeted at millennials. 
Liv. is a mobile-only platform providing a banking-meets-lifestyle experience, with no paperwork, no sales 
staff and no inbound call centre. Liv. account opening is instant, with robust biometrics-based KYC 
allowing the account to be opened in less than two minutes. Reinforcing the division's commitment to 
customer service, traditional banking processes have been redesigned for the purposes of this platform to 
make them more straightforward. Liv. has been received very favourably with new account openings 
increasing rapidly to equal, and at times surpass, the number of new accounts opened with the main 
divisions of ENBD, supported by innovative promotions and social media based marketing. As at 31 
December 2020, Liv. had a customer base of over 400,000. 
In 2019, Liv.'s conversational AI based chatbot, Olivia, was launched as a means to enable customers to 
obtain account information and spending insights through natural language messaging. Additionally, in 
2019, Liv.'s product offering increased with the introduction of mobile insurance featuring a paper-free 
process from purchase of an insurance policy to the claims process.  
In 2020, Liv.'s product line was enhanced with the introduction of the "Liv. Credit Card" unlocking instant 
digital credit for customers on approval and allowing them to customise the credit card with their preferred 
loyalty programmes, as well with the pilot launch of a new personal loan. "Liv. Prime" was also launched 
in 2020, offering customers access to exclusive new privileges and lifestyle based offers for a subscription 
fee. Liv.'s network was also extended to customers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 2020 and has been 
well received with a total regional customer base of over 38,000 customers as at 31 December 2020. 
Following the success of Liv., towards the end of 2019, ENBD launched E20. digital business bank for 
entrepreneurs and SMEs, enabling such customers to open a new bank account instantly and carry out all 
daily banking requirements easily through a mobile app. 
Brand, Service and Social Media 
ENBD was recognised as the "UAE's most valuable banking brand" in 2020 by The Banker, having been 
ascribed a brand value of U.S.$3.7 billion by "Brand Finance Banking 500" (an annual league table of the 
world's 500 biggest banks). ENBD has a strong social media presence with over 1.78 million social media 
followers and in recognition of this ENBD was ranked as 20th globally in the "Power 100 Social Media 
Rankings – Banks Using Social Media - Q4 2019" by The Financial Brand. 
During 2019 and 2020, disability friendly access was extended to more branches in the ENBD network 
with total coverage of over 60 per cent. of ENBD's network in the UAE as at 31 December 2020. Since 
2018, innovative technology-led solutions, such as "Traveller HD", an assistive technology designed to 
enhance the branch experience of customers with low vision and "KinTrans", an automatic sign language 
to text translator have been made available in selected branches to make branch banking more accessible 
for customers.  
Customer service continues to be a top priority for the Retail Banking division with average "Net Promoter 
Scores" (a metric to measure customer experience and predict business growth) reaching 42 out of 100. 
During 2020, over 30 per cent. of the division's customer base were proactively reached out to by ENBD 
to assist with resolving service issues they were facing. Customer journeys for key services were also 
revised in 2020 to make them faster and more accessible, including the introduction of new services such 
as helping customers relocate outside of the UAE by converting their banking relationship to non-resident 
status remotely. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, increased communication was carried out from 
March to September 2020 to ensure customers remained informed and connected. "Customer Happiness 
Days" and "CX Sundays" were introduced in 2019 to improve customer experience and strengthen ENBD's 
customer centric culture. In addition to this, October 2020 was designated as "Customer Experience Month" 
across ENBD with over 13,000 staff participating in the initiative, which went on to feature as a case study 
by the global market research company Forrester. 
Wealth Management 
ENBD's Private Banking and Asset Management businesses continued to improve their market positioning 
and generated positive financial results in 2020 despite the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 116 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Private Banking 
ENBD Private Banking was established in 2008 to meet the needs of high and ultra-high net worth 
individuals, families and select institutional investors. It provides the full range of premium banking, wealth 
management, trust and estate planning, and investment services through approximately 50 Relationship 
Managers across the UAE, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the UK, Singapore and India. The Relationship 
Managers are supported by a team of 15 Investment Advisors, the Chief Investment Officer, a team of asset 
class experts and a Products team covering a vast range of investment solutions across asset classes, sectors 
and geographies. 
In 2020, the division rolled out the new proprietary Emirates Signature Multi-Asset Fund for Private 
Banking and Retail Banking customers and by 31 December 2020 the fund had assets under management 
of over U.S.$250 million. Virtual investment seminars, digital podcasts and regular publications were also 
introduced in 2020 to provide support and market guidance to Private Banking's customers. Among other 
strategic and client experience enhancing activities, ENBD also hosts a start-up funding platform to connect 
investors to new opportunities as well as delivering "Moments of Delight" experiences to clients. The 
division's technology platforms were enhanced in 2020 to provide increased customer convenience and 
control.  
ENBD's progress in delivering client solutions and customer service has been recognised by various 
industry awards, including from Private Banker International, Global Finance and others. The division was 
also recognised with the "Global Award for Excellence in Crisis: Client Services" by Global Finance in 
2020. Private Banking customers also awarded the division a "Net Promoter Score" of 55 last year, the 
highest score achieved by the division to date. 
Asset Management 
ENBD Asset Management ("ENBD AM") is a fully owned Dubai International Financial Centre ("DIFC") 
subsidiary of ENBD regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority, providing a full range of 
investment solutions, from in-house managed public funds to tailor-made discretionary solutions offering 
exposure to the MENA markets as well as global markets. ENBD AM covers all of the main asset classes, 
structured on either a Shari'a compliant or on a conventional basis. ENBD AM is based in the DIFC and 
regulated by the DFSA as a Category II firm, with the additional ability to operate an Islamic window. The 
funds managed by ENBD AM are domiciled in Jersey (regulated by the Jersey Financial Services 
Commission) and in Luxembourg (regulated by the CSSF). 
The main drivers for the growth of ENBD AM have been an increase in institutional mandates across the 
region, particularly in the fixed income space. ENBD AM's diversified investor base across the full 
spectrum of sectors and capital base, backed by a large and diverse team with a strong track record, helped 
the Group to grow its asset management business, supported by its consistent track record and investment 
performance. The Global Sukuk Fund and the Emirates MENA Fixed Income Fund, both managed by 
ENBD AM and domiciled in Luxembourg, increased to U.S.$410 million and U.S.$253 million, 
respectively, in 2020 and are amongst the largest funds in their respective strategies. ENBD AM also 
manages the Emirates Islamic Money Market Fund, domiciled in Jersey, which surpassed U.S.$335 million 
in 2020. Both the Emirates Islamic Money Market and the Global Sukuk Fund have been awarded a Mercer 
rating. ENBD AM also manages ENBD REIT, domiciled in the DIFC and regulated by the DFSA. In 2019, 
the Global Sukuk Fund was awarded a five-star rating by Morningstar.  
In 2020, ENBD AM joined a DIFC employee workplace savings scheme via the Emirates Islamic Money 
Market Fund. Asset Management's product platform was enhanced in 2020 with the addition of a range of 
structured notes and funds, along with the introduction of the ENBD's proprietary Emirates Signature Multi-
Asset Fund.  
ENBD AM was recognised through a series of investor awards confirming its leading position in the 
region's Asset Management space.

--- Page 117 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Global Markets and Treasury 
Global Markets and Treasury ("GM&T") offers the following solutions to clients:  
• 
Treasury Sales & Structuring 
The Treasury Sales & Structuring team covers various client segments within the Group and is 
responsible for providing solutions to clients such as managing hedging exposures or implementing 
investment structures for yield enhancement. This team also offers an electronic foreign exchange 
platform through the application "smartDEAL". 
• 
Treasury Trading 
The Treasury Trading team supports the Treasury Sales & Structuring team with price discovery, 
transaction execution and trade strategies across all currencies and is now a "market maker" in the 
MENAT region across a range of asset classes, including foreign exchange, interest rates and credit 
covering GCC currencies. This team also provides financial institutions with the ability to trade 
automatically using various digital channels. 
• 
Global Funding & Principal Investments 
The Global Funding team raises funding for ENBD through public issuances and private placements 
under the Programme and is responsible for managing ENBD's medium to long-term liquidity needs. 
The Principal Investments team is responsible for investments in strategic fixed income and other 
alternative asset classes such as funds. 
• 
Assets & Liabilities Management ("ALM") 
The ALM team manages ENBD's short-term liquidity needs, balance sheet and nostro through the 
monitoring and maintenance of overnight balances in various accounts. 
Islamic Banking 
Islamic banking is one of ENBD's fastest growing business sectors and contributes to an increasing 
proportion of the revenue of ENBD. Apart from offering Islamic banking products through Al Watani Al 
Islami (ENBD's Islamic window), ENBD also offers a range of Shari'a compliant financial services through 
its subsidiary Emirates Islamic to retail and corporate customers with the objective of conforming to the 
strictest standards of Islamic finance. 
All the activities of Emirates Islamic are conducted in full compliance with Islamic Shari'a and under the 
supervision of its Shari'a Supervisory Board (the "Shari'a Board") comprising several prominent Shari'a 
scholars. 
Emirates Islamic's Wholesale Banking division provides a comprehensive range of Shari'a compliant 
financial products and services to its customers in respect of working capital financing, trade finance, 
project financing, syndications, FI, cash management and treasury services. Emirates Islamic Wholesale 
Banking customers consist of private sector customers, public sector customers and government 
bodies/agencies and are served through Wholesale Banking centres strategically located across the UAE. 
The industries covered by Emirates Islamic's Wholesale Banking division comprise, inter alia, real estate, 
financial institutions, contracting, trading, manufacturing and services. Whilst customers are primarily in 
the UAE, facilities are also offered in other GCC countries. 
Emirates Islamic's Retail Banking division offers a comprehensive range of Shari'a compliant banking 
products and services through its network of 41 branches located throughout the UAE as at 31 December 
2020. 
Additionally, Emirates Islamic's Business Banking division provides banking solutions to SMEs across the 
UAE.

--- Page 118 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Other Operations 
ENBD has a number of other operations, which include Emirates NBD Egypt, DenizBank, Tanfeeth, 
property management, operations and support functions. 
Overseas Operations 
ENBD has overseas branches in the UK, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore and India. ENBD also 
has two wholly-owned subsidiaries, in Turkey (DenizBank) and Egypt (Emirates NBD Egypt). ENBD also 
has a network of representative offices in China and Indonesia.  
In 2019, ENBD was also granted approval by the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority to open an additional 
twenty branches in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which when opened would extend its network coverage 
in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to twenty four branches. In 2021, ENBD opened an additional three 
branches, including two in the Makkah and Madinah areas, taking the total number of branches in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to seven. As a result of this ENBD has become the first foreign bank with 
branches in the holy cities of Makkah and Madinah.  
Subsidiaries and Associates of ENBD 
ENBD is the parent to a number of corporate entities and, ultimately, holds investments in certain 
associates. The principal operating subsidiaries and associates of ENBD are as follows: 
Listed subsidiaries 
Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC 
Formerly known as Middle East Bank PJSC, Emirates Islamic was incorporated as a public limited 
company by H.H. Sheikh Rashid Bin Saeed Al Maktoum, former Ruler of Dubai, pursuant to Emiri Decree 
dated 4 October 1975, as amended by Emiri Decree dated 3 April 1976 and registered as a Public Joint 
Stock Company (Commercial Register No. 30 dated 18 July 1995). The company was acquired by EBI, 
pursuant to an agreement dated 9 December 1991. In 2004, in response to customer demand for Shari'a 
compliant products on a broader scale, the bank was converted to an Islamic bank and its name was changed 
to Emirates Islamic Bank PJSC. Through its 41 branches across the UAE (as at 31 December 2020), 
Emirates Islamic provides full banking services and a variety of products through Shari'a compliant 
financing and investment activities and currently ranks as the third largest Islamic bank in the UAE by 
assets (source: relevant competitors' financial statements). Emirates Islamic's authorised share capital, as at 
31 December 2020, was AED 10.0 billion, consisting of 10 billion shares of AED 1 each. Emirates Islamic's 
paid-up capital, as at 31 December 2020, was AED 5.4 billion. As at 31 December 2020, Emirates Islamic 
was 99.9 per cent owned by ENBD. 
As at 31 December 2020, Emirates Islamic had total assets of AED 70.6 billion, including total equity worth 
AED 7.9 billion and a capital base of AED 8.4 billion, consisting of Tier 1 capital of AED 7.9 billion and 
eligible Tier 2 capital of AED 0.5 billion. Emirates Islamic's net loss for the year ended 31 December 2020 
was AED 482 million. 
Whilst Emirates Islamic does have a strong degree of independence in the operation of its business, it enjoys 
a high level of support from ENBD in relation to many support functions including human resources, 
treasury, information technology, certain administrative services and back office operations such as clearing 
and remittances. Further, all of Emirates Islamic's activities are overseen by its Shari'a Board comprising 
Scholars of Islamic Shari'a. 
Dubai Bank PJSC 
Pursuant to the decree issued on 11 October 2011 by H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, 
Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE, in his capacity as the Ruler of Dubai, ENBD acquired the 
entire outstanding share capital of Dubai Bank, a provider of Shari'a compliant banking services in the 
UAE. This follows a consistent strategy of the Government of Dubai in carefully monitoring the banking 
sector in the Emirate and taking measures necessary to ensure the continued viability of financial 
institutions operating in Dubai.

--- Page 119 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
The acquisition of Dubai Bank was completed in the last quarter of 2011 (the effective date being 
11 October 2011), the cash consideration for which represented fair value for Dubai Bank. As on the 
effective date of the acquisition, the acquisition had no impact on ENBD's net profit or its non-performing 
loans ratio. On 30 November 2012, the migration of Dubai Bank's portfolio and branches to Emirates 
Islamic was completed. 
In April 2021, ENBD signed an agreement to sell a controlling interest in Dubai Bank (see further "Recent 
Developments – Subsequent Events").  
Listed associates 
National General Insurance Company PJSC 
National General Insurance PJSC ("NGI") was established in 1980 as a limited liability company, and 
became a public joint stock company in 2001. NGI is listed on the DFM and, as at 31 December 2020, 
ENBD held 36.7 per cent. of its issued share capital. NGI is rated A- by A.M. Best, and approved by the 
Dubai Health Authority as a participating insurer. 
NGI is licensed by the UAE Insurance Authority and offers a range of general and specialist insurance 
products, including healthcare and life insurance. NGI underwrites large and medium sized risks in 
property, casualty, marine cargo, marine hull, energy, construction, motor, manufacturing, banking and 
other industries, and is very active across the medical life insurance product lines. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, NGI has 9 branches within the UAE. 
NGI has a suite of bancassurance products that are exclusively tailored for banks. In addition, NGI has 
established a credit insurance venture with Coface, a Paris based credit insurance provider, which offers 
protection for receivables to potential buyers of goods and services. 
In April 2021, ENBD's shareholding in NGI decreased from 36.7 per cent. to 15.19 per cent. following the 
sale of shares in NGI to UAE real estate firm Dubai Investments (see further "Recent Developments – 
Subsequent Events").  
Unlisted subsidiaries 
DenizBank  
DenizBank is the fifth largest private bank in Turkey by total assets and a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
ENBD. ENBD acquired 99.85 per cent. of the shares of DenizBank on 30 July 2019 and subsequently 
acquired the remaining 0.15 per cent. of shares by 31 December 2019.  
DenizBank was incorporated in Turkey in 1938 as a state-owned bank, until it was bought by Zorlu Holding 
in 1997. It was then acquired by Dexia in 2006 and later sold in 2012 to Sberbank of Russia.  
As at 31 December 2020, DenizBank had 14 subsidiaries operating through (its and its subsidiaries) 730 
branches and employing approximately 14,000 employees. DenizBank primarily operates in Turkey, and 
also has branches in Austria, Bahrain, Germany and Russia.  
DenizBank's core business segments are: 
1. 
Corporate Banking which serves all companies with annual sales turnover of at least TL 200 
million as well as the groups to which these companies belong and all financial services companies 
irrespective of turnover; 
2. 
Commercial Banking which serves all companies with annual sales turnover of at least TL 40 
million that do not fall within Corporate Banking; 
3. 
Public Finance Banking which serves local public administrations, their subsidiaries and 
economic enterprises, as well as state economic enterprises, their establishments and subsidiaries, 
and all other enterprises in which the public or public companies hold at least a 50 per cent. stake; 
4. 
SME Banking which serves firms and sole proprietorships with annual turnover of less than TL 
25 million, as well as the owners and partners of businesses;

--- Page 120 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
5. 
Agricultural Banking which serves producers with a farmer certification who earn a living from 
agricultural activities as well as agricultural organisations with legal entity status and agriculture 
related businesses; and 
6. 
Retail Banking which serves individuals, self-employed professionals, owners and partners of 
corporate and commercial segment companies and owners and partners of companies that are 
clients of DenizBank's SME segment with a turnover of more than TL 8 million. 
In addition to the above core business segments, DenizBank also provides private banking services to 
certain retail segment clients and companies with liquid net worth of at least U.S.$25,000.  
DenizBank's strategy for 2021 includes growing the market share of its SME Banking, Agricultural 
Banking and Retail Banking business segments and focusing on digitalisation and innovation within the 
products and platforms offered. DenizBank will also continue to identify and explore new niche markets 
while aligning its core business to digital initiatives to improve efficiency in operations and maintain high 
customer satisfaction. 
 During 2020, DenizBank won 12 awards in the Sales and Customer Services Awards organised by Stevie 
Awards, including gold awards for " Innovation in Customer Service", "Sales Process of the Year" and 
"Relations Management Solution".  
Emirates NBD Egypt S.A.E. 
During 2013, ENBD acquired 100 per cent. of the issued shares of BNP Paribas Egypt S.A.E., which has 
since been rebranded as Emirates NBD Egypt S.A.E. 
Emirates NBD Egypt S.A.E.'s total operating income was AED 888.9 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and AED 837.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Emirates NBD Egypt 
S.A.E.'s profit after taxation for the year ended 31 December 2020 was AED 242.8 million as compared to 
AED 324.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Emirates NBD Asset Management Limited 
Emirates NBD Asset Management Limited (formerly known as Emirates Investment Services Limited) was 
established in 2007, and offers a broad spectrum of investment products and services. It is wholly-owned 
by ENBD and operates from the DIFC and is regulated by the DFSA. 
Emirates NBD Securities LLC 
Emirates NBD Securities LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary, as well as the brokerage arm, of ENBD. 
Emirates NBD Securities LLC was established in 2002 and is regulated by the Securities and Commodities 
Authority (the "SCA") in UAE and is a registered broker with the DFM, the Abu Dhabi Securities 
Exchange, Nasdaq Dubai and the Dubai Gold and Commodities Exchange ("DGCX"). 
In addition, in 2015 Emirates NBD Securities began offering clients access to the Saudi Stock Exchange 
(TADAWUL), with more regional and global markets in the roadmap. 
Emirates NBD Securities LLC specialises in the provision of securities and commodities trading and 
brokerage services to investors who wish to trade in locally, and select internationally listed equity and debt 
securities, and offers clients products and services such as early withdrawal facilities, debit cards and access 
to various online platforms including iPhone, iPad or Android portals. 
Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
ENBD Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ENBD. ENBD Capital was incorporated in the DIFC in 
2006 (see also "– Investment Banking" above). 
Tanfeeth LLC 
Tanfeeth LLC ("Tanfeeth") was incorporated in September 2011 as the GCC's first Business Services 
Partner and is wholly owned by ENBD. Tanfeeth delivers significant operational efficiency and service

--- Page 121 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
quality improvements to the Group. In 2020, Tanfeeth continued to deliver service excellence and cost 
effective solutions to the Group and ENBD's customers, improving total operating expenses and increasing 
customer satisfaction. In addition to delivering a lean operational performance, Tanfeeth has initiated and 
supported several end-to-end strategic projects across different Group units and subsidiaries, including 
ENBD's international operations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Tanfeeth's operational scope includes most of ENBD and Emirates 
Islamic's back office operations, including: 
• 
ENBD and Emirates Islamic Contact Centre Operations; 
• 
Collections and Recoveries; 
• 
Compliance Operations; 
• 
Finance and Accounting; 
• 
International Payments; 
• 
Tanfeeth Service Centre; 
• 
Retail Credit Operations; 
• 
Human Resource Services; 
• 
Tanfeeth Employee Services; 
• 
Procurement Operations; 
• 
Clearing; 
• 
Customer Due Diligence Account Opening and Maintenance; 
• 
Trade Finance Services; and  
• 
Treasury Operations.  
Other  
In addition, see note 13 (Disposal of Stake in Jointly Controlled Entity) to the 2019 Financial Statements 
for details regarding ENBD's reduction in its stake of Network International Holdings plc.  
ENBD's Competition 
ENBD faces competition in all of its principal business areas and ENBD's principal competitors include 
both banks that are locally incorporated (conventional and Islamic) as well as certain foreign banks 
operating in the UAE. As at 31 December 2020 there were 59 banks holding full commercial banking 
licenses in the UAE, of which 21 were locally incorporated. The following table shows rankings for banks 
operating in the UAE by total assets and equity as at 31 December 2020 and by net profits for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 (source: Bank Financial Statements and Press Releases for FY 2020, Bloomberg). 
Ranking by Total Assets 
Ranking 
Bank 
Amount 
 
 
(AED billion) 
1 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. .............................................................................................. 
919.0 
2 
ENBD.................................................................................................................................... 
698.1 
3 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C. .................................................................................. 
411.2 
4 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. ................................................................................................. 
289.6

--- Page 122 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Ranking by Net Profits 
Ranking 
Bank 
Amount 
 
 
(AED billion) 
1 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. ............................................................................................ 
10.5 
2 
ENBD.................................................................................................................................. 
6.9 
3 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C. ................................................................................ 
3.8 
4 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. ............................................................................................... 
3.2 
 
Ranking by Equity 
Ranking 
Bank 
Amount 
 
 
(AED billion) 
1 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. .............................................................................................  
109.0 
2 
ENBD...................................................................................................................................  
84.6 
3 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C. .................................................................................  
56.6 
4 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C.  ...............................................................................................  
43.1 
Risk Management 
ENBD manages its risks through a comprehensive risk management framework which incorporates well-
defined risk identification, measurement and monitoring processes. 
The key features of ENBD's risk management framework are as follows: 
• 
ENBD's risk appetite is determined by the Executive Committee (the "EXCO") and approved by 
the board of directors of ENBD (the "Board"). 
• 
Board committees meet regularly and have oversight of the risk management policies and 
procedures, and periodically review the adequacy of the risk management framework. 
• 
ENBD's overall risk management policies are monitored and managed by ENBD's risk 
management function ("Group Risk"), and the Group Risk Committee. This function is 
independent of the business divisions. 
• 
Risk management is an integral component of all business activity that ENBD undertakes. 
• 
Group Risk assists senior management in controlling and proactively managing ENBD's overall 
risk profile. This function also ensures that: 
• 
Risk policies, procedures and methodologies are consistent with ENBD's risk appetite. 
• 
ENBD's overall business strategy is consistent with its risk appetite. 
• 
Appropriate risk management architecture and systems are developed and implemented. 
• 
Transactions and outstanding risk exposures are regularly quantified and compared against 
authorised limits and monitored against policy guidelines and key risk indicators. Any 
discrepancies, excesses or deviations, are escalated to the management for appropriate and timely 
action. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from the failure of the customer or counterparty to meet its 
contractual obligations to ENBD. ENBD is exposed to credit risk through traditional lending to corporate, 
retail and institutional customers, financial market transactions and transactions involving settlements with 
counterparties (which includes other financial institutions), such as direct loans, commitments to extend 
credit and settlement exposures. 
ENBD manages credit risk by setting limits for individual borrowers, groups of borrowers, and 
geographical and industry segments. ENBD also monitors credit exposures and continually assesses the 
creditworthiness of counterparties and considers it appropriate to obtain collateral wherever necessary to

--- Page 123 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
mitigate the credit risk. In addition, ENBD enters into master agreements and collateral arrangements with 
counterparties and limits the duration of exposures. 
ENBD sets policies and procedures for managing its credit risks. Credit exposures are monitored through 
exception reports, annual review of facilities, short-form reviews and periodic revaluation of collateral. 
ENBD's Board Credit and Investment Committee ("BCIC") and the Management Credit Committee 
("MCC") provides the strategic framework to govern the extension of credit, manage the risk of the loan 
portfolio, ensure sufficient returns on the portfolio, and authorise individual or group credits within 
established guidelines. 
Credit risk for various portfolios is managed as follows: 
Corporate Credit: Credit facilities are granted based on the detailed credit risk assessment of the 
counterparty. The assessment considers, amongst other things, the purpose of the facility, sources of re-
payment, prevailing and potential macro-economic factors, industry trends, customers' credit worthiness 
and standing within the industry. ENBD has established credit underwriting standards for specific industry 
sectors to prudently manage exposure levels. 
ENBD is an active participant in the inter-bank market and takes exposures in line with the approved credit 
appetite across banks in the GCC and beyond. Specific Financial Institutions ("FI") and country risk 
policies are in place to manage cross border country and FI risk. Exposures are monitored against approved 
limits at regular frequencies. 
Small and Medium Enterprises: ENBD continues to place a high focus on this segment of the economy. 
Credit facilities are granted based on detailed risk assessment of the business and the standing of its 
sponsors. Facilities are generally secured by acceptable risk mitigant wherever possible. 
ENBD's portfolio is periodically reviewed to assess the impact (if any) on account of changes to 
macroeconomic trends or specific industry downturns so that suitable corrective actions are initiated to 
maintain portfolio quality. 
Credit approval and securities procedure: ENBD's credit policy is reviewed from time to time in light of 
market conditions. At all times, ENBD prudently manages large exposures in line with the UAE Central 
Bank requirements. 
The Group Credit Policy details the core credit principles, types of business and sectors that ENBD is 
willing to participate in, security, details of its credit facility application processes, guidelines on credit 
approval authorities, borrower risk grading, problem loan identification, management of high risk 
customers, impaired credits and provisioning. 
The Group Credit Policy consists of specific business guidelines that enable ENBD's management to 
maintain a portfolio of counterparty risk exposures aligned to ENBD's business strategy and objectives. 
The policy is designed to ensure that lending officers deal with key credit issues and provide relationship 
officers with specific guidance on the policy, where required. These procedures also ensure that appropriate 
controls exist at all stages of the credit process. 
ENBD has in place a process for corporate credit approvals. Individual business units have the primary 
responsibility for credit facilities resting with the executives recommending the facility. In line with lending 
guidelines, parametres and business specific procedures, credit facility approvals are referred to the Group 
Credit Department ("GCD"), where risk assessment managers evaluate the proposals and provide their 
recommendations. The senior management comprising the Group's Chief Risk Officer ("CRO"), the Head 
- C&IB, Head - Retail Banking & Wealth Management, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Credit 
Officer, Credit Officers and Senior Business Managers have delegated authority limits to approve credit 
facilities. Credit facilities above this delegated authority limit are recommended for approval to the MCC 
and/or the BCIC as appropriate. 
ENBD has an automated system for flagging due dates for facility reviews. This automated system 
highlights when a due date has passed, as well as highlighting when limits have been exceeded. Excesses 
are monitored daily by business units under their delegated lending authorities and reported to the GCD. 
Compliance with covenants and credit sanctioning conditions are also monitored by the GCD and, where 
necessary, escalated to senior management.

--- Page 124 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Security Procedures: ENBD has a standard set of security documentation, which is used in various 
combinations, depending on the facilities granted. A review by ENBD's legal unit is required for any non-
standard documents. ENBD requires that all documentation is completed before any facilities are drawn, 
with any exceptions requiring approval in accordance with the Group Credit Policy. The post-approval 
processes and documentation are handled by the Credit Administration Unit (the "CRAD") which reports 
to the GCD. 
Consumer Banking Risk: ENBD has a comprehensive credit risk management framework for consumer 
banking risk. The Board Risk Committee ("BRC") endorses the credit risk strategy for consumer banking 
and all credit policies are approved by the BCIC. The BCIC ensures that these are adequate and appropriate 
to changing business conditions and are within the risk appetite of the Group. 
Group Retail Credit ("GRC") controls credit risk management for the consumer banking business centrally. 
It is primarily responsible for implementing the risk strategy approved by the Board, developing procedures 
and systems for managing risk, carrying out an independent assessment of credit risk, ensuring individual 
exposures are approved in line with the credit policies and monitoring portfolio composition and quality. 
Discretionary lending authorities have been delegated to lower management levels; however, escalations 
to senior authorities are required depending on the severity of exceptions. Every application for a retail 
facility must first be recommended by the sales force and reviewed and approved by the retail credit 
department. 
ENBD's retail lending policy sets forth clear guidelines for specific retail lending products such as personal 
loans, auto loans, credit cards and home loans. ENBD's retail lending policy is recommended by the Head 
of Group Retail Credit and is jointly approved by the General Manager-Retail Banking and Wealth 
Management and the CRO, and further approved or ratified by the BCIC. Retail credit policies are dynamic 
and are amended based on the prevailing market environment to ensure that product offerings are 
competitive. Appropriate controls are in place to ensure credit is within the defined thresholds of ENBD's 
risk strategy. 
Credit processes in consumer banking are driven by approved product programmes for each of the products. 
Credit exposures are managed through target market identification, appropriate credit approval processes 
and collections and recovery procedures. The retail credit model is geared towards high volume, small 
transaction size businesses where credit appraisals of fresh exposures are guided by statistical models, and 
are managed on the basis of aggregate product portfolios. 
The Group approves maximum levels of credit exposure to a set of customers with similar characteristics, 
profiles and/or product needs, under clearly defined standard terms and conditions. Retail lending is 
normally restricted to salaried individuals and, on a selective basis, to self-employed individuals and SMEs. 
Generally, retail loans are secured by an assignment of salary, mortgages or liens over property (in respect 
of home loans) and liens on vehicles (in respect of auto loans). This is an operationally efficient approach 
to managing credit where credit risks and expected returns lend themselves to a template approach or 
predictable portfolio behaviour in terms of yield, delinquency and charge-offs. 
The Group has a robust management information system that allows it to track its retail credit portfolios 
effectively and take timely action, where required, to maintain asset quality. All retail portfolios are 
monitored regularly with a high degree of segmentation. GRC monitors overall portfolio quality and high-
risk exposures periodically, including the weighted risk grade of the portfolio. GRC carries out periodic 
portfolio reviews at each product level, reviewing portfolio performance across multiple customer segments 
and split by critical risk and policy drivers. This allows strategic guidance to be given to product teams in 
terms of sourcing and asset growth in the approved customer segments. 
The Group has a robust provisioning policy which is in line with the guidelines laid down by the UAE 
Central Bank. It allows for a centralised retail collections and recoveries team to follow up on overdue 
customers for payments. GRC is responsible for setting collections strategy guidelines and monitors 
collections performance on a periodic basis. The team is also ably assisted by score cards that allow the 
team to prioritise collections and recoveries by likelihood of collection or default. 
Rating Models and score cards: Score cards have been implemented for aiding consumer banking credit 
decisions. The Group uses a suite of applications and behaviour score cards, including liability behaviour 
score cards, to provide critical inputs for Basel III capital adequacy and economic capital computations and

--- Page 125 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
also to assist in underwriting related activities. ENBD has developed a suite of risk scorecards for all retail 
products including personal loans, credit cards, home loans and auto loans. In addition, customer level 
behaviour scorecards are available for cross-selling and collection activities, specialised scorecards are used 
in the evaluation of spending patterns of customers in their current and saving accounts to assess their credit 
worthiness, while skip scorecards predict customers' flight risk. The Al Etihad Credit Bureau ("AECB") 
scores and reports are used in underwriting and in determining cut-offs for certain products and segments. 
In addition, AECB scores are used for Portfolio management and prioritisation in collections. 
Development of a robust internal rating model for ENBD's wholesale portfolios (including SMEs) has 
remained a challenge for a number of reasons, namely the traditionally low number of defaults in the UAE 
and the small number of customers in the portfolio, as well as the limited availability of financial and other 
market based information for customers. To overcome these challenges, ENBD has adopted an expert panel 
approach. A comprehensive early warning framework complements the expert panel model to assess 
customers' risk profiles on an ongoing basis. 
ENBD has also developed an internal rating model for the financial institutions portfolio and unrated 
sovereigns which aims to mimic the external rating of the financial institutions and/or unrated sovereign 
assigned by top tier external rating agencies. 
For consumer and wholesale portfolios, ENBD has developed IFRS 9 Financial Instruments models using 
internal scorecards and rating models. 
Prior to implementation, all risk quantification models are validated by ENBD's independent model 
validation team and the performance of all scorecards is regularly monitored by another team independent 
to the model's development team. 
Market Risk 
ENBD is exposed to diverse financial instruments including fixed income products, foreign currencies, 
equities and commodities and deals in both physical as well as cash and derivative instruments. Market risk 
is the risk that the value of financial instruments in the Group's inventories – with the inclusion of some 
other financial assets and liabilities – will produce a loss because of changes in future market conditions. 
The Group utilises a variety of risk metrics to quantify and monitor market risk. The Group monitors and 
manages the following categories of market risk: 
1. 
interest rate risk: losses in value due to changes in the level, slope and curvature of yield curves, 
the volatility of interest rates and changes in credit spreads; 
2. 
FX risk: losses in value due to exposure to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities 
of currency rates; and 
3. 
commodity price risk: losses in value due to exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices 
and volatilities of commodities such as petrochemicals, base and precious metals, and food stocks. 
Group Market Risk ("GMR"), a risk function which is independent from the market risk taking units and 
which reports directly to the CRO, has overall responsibility for measuring, monitoring and managing 
market risk in the Group, in co-operation with other independent and support functions across the Group's 
global businesses. 
At the macro level, the Group manages its market risk by diversifying exposures and counterparties, 
limiting the size of risk exposures and setting up economic hedges in appropriate securities or derivatives. 
This managerial process includes: 
• 
A centralised, group-wide market risk-taking unit, GM&T; 
• 
Accurate and timely reporting of risk exposures and multiple risk metrics by GMR; 
• 
A limit-setting framework updated on a regular basis; and 
• 
Ongoing regular communication amongst GM&T, GMR and other senior management.

--- Page 126 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Managers in GM&T are ultimately accountable for managing market risk within the approved limits. These 
managers have extensive knowledge of markets and products, their risk exposures and of the financial 
instruments available to hedge their exposures. Managers in both GM&T and GMR exchange information 
about markets, market conditions, risk exposures and expected risk scenarios on a frequent basis. 
The Group's risk exposures to market risk are segregated into the trading and banking books. The trading 
book includes those financial instruments held with trading intent arising from market-making, position-
taking and other designated financial instruments accounted for at fair value. The banking book includes 
financial instruments not held with trading intent that arise from the management of interest rate risk and 
foreign exchange risk from the Group's consumer and commercial banking assets and liabilities, and other 
financial investments designated as either available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. 
Market Risk Oversight and Management Process 
As part of the Group's enterprise-wide risk management framework, an extensive governance processes is 
applied to the market risk taking activities. This governance framework includes, inter alia: 
• 
Oversight by senior management and Board committees such as the Group Asset and Liability 
Committee (the "ALCO") and the BRC; 
• 
Independent valuation of financial instruments in the trading book and measurement of market risk; 
• 
A comprehensive set of policies, procedures and limits; 
• 
Monitoring a wide range of risk metrics appropriate for the respective trading activities – such as 
risk sensitivities, gross and net open positions, Value-at-Risk ("VaR") and stop-loss limits; and 
• 
Approval by the Board of a set of risk limits with appropriate monitoring, reporting and procedures 
for escalation of limits excesses. 
The Group uses appropriate and independently validated market standard models for the revaluation and 
risk measurement of its linear and non-linear financial products, and receives regular market information 
from independent market data providers in order to measure and monitor market risk. 
Trading Book oversight by GMR 
GMR monitors the utilisation of market risk limits in the trading book of the Group on a daily basis through 
a multi-layered limit monitoring framework which uses independently sourced data and reports from the 
GM&T IT systems. Depending on the trading exposures and as appropriate, GMR uses various risk metrics 
including: 
1. 
non-statistical metrics: Interest rate sensitivity (DV01/PV01), FX sensitivity (FX01), net open/net 
gross outstanding positions, maximum notional and tenor measures, derivatives' Greek sensitivities 
(delta, gamma, vega), and stop-loss limits; and 
2. 
statistical metrics: VaR by asset classes, as well as a total for the whole trading book. 
The Group is exposed to structural foreign exchange risk (which is a form of non-traded market risk) since 
some of the assets of the Group are denominated in free-floating currencies versus the AED (for example, 
EGP and GBP), however, these structural risks are hedged at the macro level through the use of assets and 
liabilities in the Balance Sheet. 
Value-at-Risk 
To better capture the multi-dimensional aspects of market risk, the Group's primary market risk metric is a 
statistical one, VaR – Value at Risk, which is used for short-term risk holding periods (one business day). 
VaR metrics are calculated daily for the whole trading book as well as specific trading desks such as Rates, 
FX and Credit Trading. 
At ENBD, the VaR metric is calculated daily by simultaneously simulating movements in the relevant 
market risk factors of all financial instruments in inventory in the trading book at the close of a business 
day using a full revaluation, historical simulation methodology. This statistical methodology produces VaR

--- Page 127 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
metrics set with a 99 per cent. confidence level of statistical significance over a specified horizon (one 
business day) using over two years of historical data for the relevant market risk factors. 
Due to its statistical nature, VaR is most effective as a market risk metric when estimating losses in markets 
in which there are no sudden fundamental changes or shifts in market conditions. The Group is also aware 
of some of the inherent limitations of the VaR metric, such as: 
1. 
VaR cannot estimate potential losses over longer holding periods where moves in market risk 
factors might become extreme; 
2. 
VaR does not take into account the liquidity or illiquidity of different financial instruments and 
markets; 
3. 
Past changes in market risk factors might not be accurately forecast future changes; and 
4. 
Due to the inter-day nature of VaR, intra-day levels of market risk may vary from those reported 
at the end of a business day. 
GMR therefore complements the VaR metrics with other non-statistical metrics of market risk (as 
mentioned before), and it is engaged in a process of implementing a comprehensive market risk stress 
testing framework to determine the impact on the trading book of the Group of various historical, 
hypothetical and ad-hoc stress scenarios for market risk factors. 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book 
Interest rate risk in the banking book arises principally from mismatches between the future yields on assets 
and their funding costs, as a result of interest rate changes. Analysis of this risk is complicated by having 
to make assumptions on embedded optionality within certain product areas such as behavioural assumptions 
regarding the economic duration of liabilities which are contractually repayable on demand, such as current 
accounts. The ALCO reviews that the assumptions (used to transform positions into interest rate exposures) 
are reasonable and commensurate with the nature and complexity of ENBD's holdings. 
For measuring overall interest sensitivity in the banking book, ENBD conducts stress tests by simulating 
parallel shifts to the yield curve(s) ranging from 50 basis points to 200 basis points, and assessing the 
corresponding impact on its net interest income. 
To measure and manage interest rate risk and its possible impact on the economic value of the entity, ENBD 
has established internal limits based on the PV01. The interest rate gaps and sensitivity tests (NII and PV01) 
are measured and monitored on a monthly basis and reported to the ALCO. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the inability of ENBD to fund an increase in assets and meet obligations as they 
become due (structural funding risk), or the inability to convert assets into cash at reasonable prices (market 
liquidity risk). The risk arises from mismatches in the amount and timings of cash flows. 
The objective of ENBD's liquidity and funding management framework is to ensure that all foreseeable 
funding commitments (under both normal and stressed conditions) can be met when due, and that access to 
the wholesale markets is coordinated and cost effective. To this end, the Group maintains a diversified 
funding base comprising core consumer and corporate customer deposits and institutional balances. This is 
augmented with wholesale funding and portfolios of highly liquid assets which are held to enable the Group 
to respond quickly and smoothly to unforeseen liquidity requirements. 
The ALCO, in conjunction with Group Treasury is primarily responsible for implementing the liquidity 
management strategies on structural positions, and maintaining adequate liquidity buffers for possible 
distress situations. The Group maintains adequate liquidity buffers consisting of high credit quality 
(minimum AA-) investment securities, UAE Central Bank certificates of deposit and UAE Central Bank 
securities, which can be monetised at short notice and minimal cost. Other business units contribute to 
overall structural liquidity management through product mix strategies and deposit targets.

--- Page 128 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is the risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems, or from external events. It thus excludes strategic and reputation risks but includes legal and 
regulatory risks. 
In each of ENBD's business units, the unit head is responsible for the effective management of these risks, 
including identification, assessment and overview. These business managers are supported by a framework 
consisting of a governance structure, a suite of risk-mitigating policies and skilled operational risk 
professionals employed throughout ENBD. 
ENBD's Operational Risk team monitors operational risk issues on a regular basis, reports major deviations 
from approved parameters and prepares regulatory risk related reports. Group Operational Risk reviews 
and approves all bank documentation, new products and any variations on existing products before they are 
finalised and implemented. Group Operational Risk also reviews new sections and amendments to existing 
sections of the policies and procedure manuals before they are released. Group Operational Risk also 
manages ENBD's insurance portfolio and proposes group-wide risk mitigation strategies to the executive 
management. 
ENBD regularly carries out operational risk reviews. The main objectives of these reviews are to identify 
the risks inherent in each area, analyse them in terms of their severity and likelihood, and develop mitigation 
strategies for these risks. ENBD agrees key risk indicators during these review sessions in order to facilitate 
on-going monitoring of risks. 
ENBD has a business continuity management framework which allows prompt action in response to any 
disruptive events to ensure continuity of operations. ENBD has formulated business continuity plans to 
ensure uninterrupted provision of services to customers during operational disruptions and these business 
continuity plans are reviewed and tested at least annually across ENBD. ENBD has also established work 
area recovery sites providing alternative facilities to business and operational units if their regular offices 
are not accessible. 
Legal Risk 
Legal risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty will commence proceedings against ENBD, or one of 
its operating companies. 
ENBD has an internal legal department which deals with both routine and more complex legal issues. 
Situations of a particular complexity and sensitivity are referred to external law firms, either in the UAE or 
overseas, as appropriate. 
Reputational Risk 
Reputational risk is the risk of a potential loss of earnings and future revenue, loss in market value or lack 
of liquidity supply due to a deterioration of reputation. It also includes the threat to the brand value of a 
financial institution. 
Reputational risk can arise as a consequence of failures with a strong negative perception of clients, 
shareholders, creditors or the public. ENBD has controls to ensure that it maintains a positive public 
perception. For example, the Board has effective oversight over all aspects of ENBD's strategy and ensures 
that risk is integrated into its business and strategy planning. 
Impaired Loans 
Expected Credit Loss 
The Group follows a "three-stage" model for impairment which is based on changes in credit quality since 
initial recognition as set out below:  
• 
Stage 1: 12 month expected credit loss ("ECL"): The Group measures loss allowances at an 
amount equal to 12 month ECL on financial assets where they are not credit impaired on initial 
recognition. The credit risk of Stage 1 loss allowances are periodically monitored by the Group;

--- Page 129 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
• 
Stage 2: Lifetime ECL – not credit impaired: The Group measures loss allowances at an amount 
equal to lifetime ECL on financial assets where there has been a significant increase in credit risk 
("SICR") since initial recognition but the financial assets are not yet deemed to be credit impaired; 
• 
Stage 3: Lifetime ECL – credit impaired: The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal 
to lifetime ECL on financial assets that are determined to be credit impaired based on objective 
evidence of impairment. 
Lifetime ECL is the ECL that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial 
instrument. The 12 month ECL is the portion of lifetime ECL that result from default events that are possible 
within the 12 months after the reporting date. Both lifetime ECLs and 12 month ECLs are calculated either 
on an individual basis or on a collective basis depending on the nature of the underlying portfolio of 
financial instruments and are measured after reviewing forward looking information.  
Assessing SICR 
The Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a SICR when one or more of the following 
quantitative, qualitative or backstop criteria have been met: 
Quantitative criteria – Wholesale. A SICR is measured when comparing the risk of default estimated at 
origination with the risk of default at the relevant reporting date; 
Quantitative criteria – Retail. Thresholds are set for each portfolio based on historical default rates and 
where these exceed the threshold applied, they are considered to have a SICR; and  
Qualitative criteria. The Group also considers in its assessment of SICR rating changes, which are based 
on various qualitative factors such as significant adverse changes in business, extension of term granted, 
actual and expected forbearance or restructuring, and early signs of cash flows and liquidity problems. The 
Group also considers the underlying cause of any financial difficulty and whether it is likely to be temporary 
as a result of COVID-19 or longer term. In addition to the above, where the borrower is more than 30 days 
past due on its contractual payments a backstop is applied and the financial instrument is considered to have 
experienced a SICR. 
During 2020, the Group initiated a programme of payment relief for customers impacted by COVID-19 by 
deferring interest or principal due for certain periods. These payment reliefs are considered as short-term 
liquidity to address customer cash flow issues. The relief offered to customers may indicate a SICR. 
However, as these are being made available to assist customers affected by COVID-19 to assume their 
regular payments, the Group does not classify these as automatically triggering a SICR and a staged 
migration for the purposes of calculating ECL as sufficient information is not currently available to enable 
the Group to individually differentiate between a customer's short-term liquidity constraints due to COVID-
19 and a change in the customer's lifetime credit risk. This approach is consistent with the expectations of 
the UAE Central Bank pursuant to notices published in respect of the TESS.  
Additionally, the Group has reassessed the scenario weighting for changes in ECL to reflect the impact of 
current uncertainty in measuring the estimated credit losses, and applied industry specific account level 
adjustments for retail exposures in respect of specific industries where employees are expected to be most 
impacted by COVID-19, such as airlines, hospitality, retail and tourism. 
Defining default and credit impaired assets 
The Group defines a financial instrument as in default (or credit impaired) when it meets one or more of 
the following criteria: 
Quantitative definition. The borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments; and  
Qualitative definition. The borrower meets the "unlikeliness to pay" criteria, which indicates that the 
borrower is in significant financial difficulty. These include long-term forbearance, insolvency of the 
borrower, or bankruptcy of the borrower.

--- Page 130 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
Curing 
The Group continues to monitor financial instruments for a minimum probationary period of 12 months to 
confirm if the risk of default has decreased sufficiently before moving such exposure from Stage 2 to Stage 
1.  
The Group is observing a probationary period of a minimum of three instalments (for repayments which 
are on a quarterly basis or shorter) and 12 months (in cases where instalments are on a longer frequency 
than quarterly) after the restructuring, before moving from Stage 3 to Stage 2. 
Write offs 
Loans and debt securities in Corporate Banking are written off (either partially or in full) where there is no 
realistic prospect of recovery. Instances of this include where the Group has exhausted all legal and remedial 
efforts to recover from the Corporate Banking customers. However, financial assets that are written off 
could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group's procedures for recovery 
of amounts due. Non-performing Consumer Banking loans, other than mortgage facilities and home 
financings, are written off at 181 days past due. All receivables remain active on the loan management 
system for recovery and any legal strategy the Group may deem fit to use. 
On 27 March 2020, the International Accounting Standards Board issued a guidance note, advising that 
both the assessment of SICR and the measurement of ECLs are required to be based on reasonable and 
supportable information that is available to an entity without undue cost or effort. In assessing forecast 
conditions, consideration should be given both to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government 
support measures being undertaken. 
Under the UAE Central Bank's TESS effective from 15 March 2020, the IFRS 9 staging and classification 
of loans of customers that are Stage 1 and are receiving relief is expected to remain unchanged during the 
period of the scheme and not downgraded. In addition, as part of the UAE Central Bank's stimulus package 
in response to COVID-19, banks are able to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. 
The prudential filter will allow any increase in IFRS 9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2020 to be 
partially added back to regulatory capital. This will allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over 
a five year period until 31 December 2024. See further "The UAE Banking and Financial Services System 
– COVID-19". 
Credit risk monitoring 
Within Corporate Banking, the Group's exposures are continuously monitored through a system of triggers 
and early warning signals. These are supplemented by monitoring of account conduct, assessment of 
collateral and market intelligence and early alerts. "Early alert accounts" are identified based on oversight, 
vigilance and risk triggers. Account strategy and action plans on these accounts are regularly monitored 
and discussed in Early Alert Committee meetings. 
Additionally, for IFRS 9, ECL computation and credit exposures are monitored and reported as per IFRS 9 
requirements. Stage migrations, any exceptions to SICR criteria, other credit and impairment related matters 
are reviewed and approved by IFRS 9 Governance Forum. 
In respect of Consumer Banking, risks within the Group's loan portfolio are continuously assessed and 
monitored on the basis of exceptions, management information reports and returns generated by the 
business and credit units. Credit risk is also monitored on an ongoing basis with formal monthly and 
quarterly reporting to ensure that the Group's senior management is aware of shifts in the credit quality of 
the portfolio along with changing external factors. 
Group operating profit before impairment was AED 15.4 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
which was AED 0.1 billion (0.7 per cent.) higher as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019. The 
impaired loan ratio increased to 6.2 per cent. by 31 December 2020 from 5.6 per cent. reported as at 31 
December 2019. The impairment allowance (in relation to Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 ECL on loans and 
receivables and Islamic financing receivables) was AED 35.0 billion as at 31 December 2020 and AED 
29.2 billion as at 31 December 2019. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group's profit for the year 
after tax was AED 7.0 billion and consequently AED 7.5 billion (51.7 per cent.) lower as compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was primarily due to the one-off gain received by ENBD in

--- Page 131 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
the year ended 31 December 2019 on the disposal of Network International Holdings plc (see note 13 
(Disposal of Stake in Jointly Controlled Entity) to the 2019 Financial Statements).  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, ENBD had net impairment loss on financial assets of AED 7.9 
billion, an increase of 64.6 per cent. year-on-year including DenizBank. This increase in net impairment 
loss was primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and increases in coverage levels by 
DenizBank. Excluding DenizBank, ENBD's net impairment loss on financial assets increased by 39.6 per 
cent. between 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  
As at 31 December 2020, ENBD's impaired loans and Islamic financing amounted to AED 29.8 billion (or 
6.2 per cent. of gross loans and receivables and total Islamic financing receivables net of deferred income) 
and have been provisioned for by impairment allowances of AED 35.0 billion, bringing the impairment 
coverage ratio to 117.3 per cent. Total allowance for Stage 1 and Stage 2 ECL, as at 31 December 2020, 
amounted to AED 10.3 billion, equating to 2.3 per cent. of credit risk weighted assets. 
The following table summarises the movements in allowances for impairment for loans and receivables 
(including Islamic financing receivables) for ENBD for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019. 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(AED billions) 
Movement in allowances for Stage 3/specific impairment 
 
Balance as at 1 January ...................................................................................................  
20.9 
19.3 
Allowances for impairment made during the year ...........................................................  
6.8 
5.2 
Write back /recoveries made during the year...................................................................  
(0.6) 
(1.5) 
Amounts written off during the year ...............................................................................  
 (2.1) 
(2.0) 
Exchange and other adjustments .....................................................................................  
(0.3) 
(0.03) 
Balance as at 31 December ...........................................................................................  
24.7 
20.9 
Movement in allowances for Stage 1 and Stage 2/collective impairment 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January ...................................................................................................  
8.3 
7.4 
Allowances for impairment made during the year ...........................................................  
1.7 
1.4 
Exchange and other adjustments .....................................................................................  
0.3 
(0.5) 
Balance as at 31 December ...........................................................................................  
10.3 
8.3 
Total ...............................................................................................................................  
35.0 
29.2 
 _____________  
Source: Note 49, audited consolidated financial statements of ENBD in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Selected Ratios 
The table below shows selected consolidated ratios of ENBD as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 2020, and are considered to be Alternative Performance Measures. The ratios are unaudited and 
have been prepared based on management information as well as information in ENBD's financial 
statements. For further information, see "Important Notices - Summary of alternative performance 
measures". 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(%) 
Selected ratios: 
 
 
Impairment coverage ratio ................................................................................................  
117.3 
112.3 
Non-performing/impaired loans ratio ...............................................................................  
6.2 
5.6 
Tier 1 ratio........................................................................................................................  
17.4 
17.4 
Capital adequacy ratio ......................................................................................................  
18.5 
18.5 
Cost to income ratio .........................................................................................................  
33.9 
32.2 
Net interest margin ...........................................................................................................  
2.7 
2.4 
Loans to deposit ratio .......................................................................................................  
95.6 
92.6 
Net loan growth ................................................................................................................  
1.4 
33.4

--- Page 132 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
Legal and Internal Audit 
Industry Regulation and Supervision 
Banks and other financial institutions in the UAE are subject to governmental supervision and regulatory 
oversight exercised by various regulatory bodies, including the SCA, the UAE Central Bank and the DFSA 
for companies established within the DIFC. The competent local authority in the Emirate of Dubai, in which 
the institution is registered, is the Department of Economic Development. 
The principal source of banking regulation in the UAE is the UAE Central Bank. The UAE Central Bank 
provides prudential supervision (see also "The UAE Banking and Financial Services System") of each 
bank's capital adequacy, liquidity and anti-money laundering controls and its general banking activities. 
Monitoring by the UAE Central Bank is undertaken by way of regular inspections of banks and their records 
and the requirement for regular submission of data including, but not limited to, deposited funds, loans and 
mortgage business, liquidity status and anti-money laundering measures. ENBD submits monthly, quarterly 
and annual reports to the Banking Supervision and Examination Department of the UAE Central Bank. In 
addition, ENBD's Memorandum and Articles of Association and any amendments thereto, its audited 
financial statements, its distribution of dividends and certain other documents are all approved by the UAE 
Central Bank and the SCA. 
The SCA is the predominant authority controlling the operation and governance of public joint stock 
companies generally, while the Department of Economic Development has a very wide jurisdiction in 
relation to issues such as the incorporation of companies and the regulation of internal and external trade. 
ENBD's business units and subsidiaries are engaged in a wide range of banking and investment activities 
which also fall within the jurisdiction of a variety of other regulatory regimes located both within the UAE 
and abroad. In the UAE, ENBD Capital and ENBD Asset Management is regulated by the DFSA. ENBD's 
activities conducted in countries other than the UAE fall under the jurisdiction of other regulators and 
include the following: the Capital Markets Authority and the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; the Monetary Authority of Singapore in Singapore; the Reserve Bank of India 
in India; the China Banking Regulatory Commission in the PRC; the Jersey Financial Services Commission 
in Jersey; the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK; and the Egyptian Financial Supervisory Authority in 
Egypt. 
ENBD has an excellent track record in meeting applicable regulatory standards and neither the UAE Central 
Bank nor any other regulatory authority has raised any material breaches of applicable regulatory standards 
or imposed sanctions in respect of ENBD. 
Internal Audit 
Operating under a mandate from the Board, Group Internal Audit provides internal auditing services across 
ENBD and its subsidiary companies. Group Internal Audit has a principal reporting line to the Board Audit 
Committee (the "BAC"), a body composed of non-executive directors. Planned audit activities are subject 
to review and approval by the BAC, which also evaluates and approves the level of resources available to 
Group Internal Audit for such activities. 
The BAC meets four times annually to discuss the audit reports produced by Group Internal Audit and to 
discuss the status of management actions on any issues previously raised with the committee. In addition 
to these meetings, the Group Chief Audit Officer has access to the Chairman of the BAC and the Chief 
Executive Officer as required. 
The primary objective of Group Internal Audit is to independently assess the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the control framework through which the activities of ENBD are conducted. Group Internal Audit uses 
a risk-profiling methodology to assess the relative degree of risk in each of the auditable business units and 
for selecting the business activity to audit. BAC approval is obtained for the risk based annual audit plan. 
Group Internal Audit is organised into specialist teams aligned with ENBD's primary business and support 
areas, and focuses on the employment of professionally qualified individuals with industry specific 
experience. 
Group Internal Audit is itself subject to a review periodically by independent third party assessors appointed 
by the BAC.

--- Page 133 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Capital Adequacy 
Under the current Basel III capital requirements, the UAE Central Bank requires domestic systemically 
important banks ("D-SIBs") operating in the UAE to maintain a prescribed minimum ratio of total capital 
to total risk-weighted assets of 14.5 per cent. (of which CET1 ratio has to be 11 per cent. and Tier 1 ratio 
12.5 per cent.). 
The tiered components of a UAE bank's regulatory capital comprise of: 
• 
CET 1 capital ("CET1"), which includes share capital, share premium, legal, statutory and other 
reserves, fair value reserves, retained earnings, non-controlling interest after deductions for 
goodwill and intangibles and other regulatory adjustments relating to items that are included in 
equity but are treated differently for capital adequacy purposes; 
• 
Additional Tier 1 capital ("Tier 1"), which includes eligible non-common equity capital 
instruments; and 
• 
Tier 2 capital, which includes qualifying subordinated debt and undisclosed reserves. 
While the calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE broadly follows the BIS guidelines, claims on, 
or guaranteed by, GCC central governments and central banks are risk weighted at zero per cent. (where 
applicable) and claims on GCC government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted at 20 
per cent. 
When assessing the capital adequacy of an individual bank, the UAE Central Bank can take a number of 
factors into consideration under a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process, such as the extent and nature 
of credit concentration, policies and procedures and internal control systems; and may set a higher total 
capital requirement for that particular bank if it deems it necessary. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group was above the UAE Central Bank imposed requirement, with a total 
capital adequacy ratio of 18.5 per cent., a Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of 17.4 per cent. and a CET1 ratio 
of 15.0 per cent. 
Under Federal Law No.14 of 2018 (the "2018 Federal Law"), the UAE Central Bank may determine 
reserve requirements for UAE banks. Distributions cannot be made from this reserve, except in special 
legally defined circumstances. All dividends have to be authorised by the UAE Central Bank. 
See "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the UAE and the MENAT region – Impact of regulatory changes in 
the UAE".  
Compliance Policies 
ENBD aspires to the highest standards of ethical conduct, transparency and compliance with the local and 
international laws, rules and regulations which govern its businesses. To support this, ENBD has 
implemented a compliance framework that includes a range of policies, systems and controls. All 
employees of ENBD are required to adhere to its compliance policies at all times and any breaches of which 
must be reported to the Group Compliance function. ENBD's compliance policies include, but are not 
limited to Anti-Money Laundering, Sanctions, Conflicts of Interest, Personal Account Dealing, Breaches 
and Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Common Reporting Standards. 
Group Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") Policy 
The Group AML Policy provides an indication of a range of issues (inclusive of internal controls, 
governance, assurance and monitoring, risk management, the risk-based approach, customer due diligence 
("CDD"), suspicious activity reports), that each respective business unit should take into consideration. 
As part of its Group AML Compliance policy, CDD is covered as a necessary aspect to determine the 
money laundering risk that the Group encounters when providing a service to a customer. The requirements 
to establish and verify the identity of a customer before providing a service to that customer is a key 
obligation that must be undertaken. Appropriate measures are determined through risk analysis of the 
customer relationship. Notably, CDD initially takes place under the circumstances of on-boarding, as well

--- Page 134 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
as subsequently as a trigger based event and potential (annual or otherwise) review, pending on the customer 
in question and individual circumstances. 
The money laundering reporting officer ("MLRO") is responsible for managing the overall AML and 
Counter Terrorism Financing ("CTF") programme of the Group, setting policy and providing overall 
guidance and advice. This includes ensuring AML compliance assessments of the Group's customers, 
products and services as well as oversight of the Group's AML, CDD and customer screening systems and 
benchmarking against international best practice and standards. The MLRO is also responsible for the 
submission of the MLRO Report to senior management and the financial services regulator, the UAE 
Central Bank. 
While policies provide important guidance, the AML and CTF programme also relies on a variety of 
internal controls, including management reports and other built-in safeguards that keep the compliance 
programme working. 
One of the most important controls over the prevention and detection of money laundering is to have staff 
that are alert to the risks of money laundering and are well trained in the identification of unusual activities 
or transactions that can be suspicious. Hence, periodic bank-wide employee training is delivered online as 
well as via classroom-based sessions, explaining the significance of policies, staff responsibilities and 
requirements. 
Group Sanctions Policy 
The Group is also committed to compliance with the economic and trade sanctions laws in all jurisdictions 
in which the Group operates. 
The Group Sanctions Policy mandates that the Group and its subsidiaries must comply with the sanctions 
laws of various sanctioning bodies. These include, where applicable, compliance with the United States 
sanctions administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets 
Control and the Bureau of Industry & Security, as well as the European Union, UK (including Her Majesty's 
Treasury) and the United Nations. 
The Group should not enter into, or continue with, a client relationship or transaction where the individual, 
entity or any party to the business has been identified as a sanctioned target. 
ENBD has systems and controls in place to ensure compliance with sanctions regulations prescribed by the 
regulators and to monitor transactions against applicable sanctions requirements. ENBD uses automated 
systems to screen and monitor customers and transactions to help ensure compliance with key regulatory 
requirements. 
All staff members are required to be aware of ENBD's AML, CTF and sanctions policies and procedures, 
which are available to all staff members through ENBD's intranet. In addition, ENBD considers specific 
training programmes for customer-facing staff. 
Group Conflicts of Interest Policy and Group Personal Account Dealing Policy 
As a financial institution, it is important that ENBD implements appropriate arrangements to ensure that 
any conflicts of interest are managed fairly and in full compliance with the laws and regulations of all 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates. 
The Group has developed the Conflicts of Interest and Personal Account Dealing Policies to address the 
identification and management of Conflicts of Interest that may arise in the conduct of its business activities 
to mitigate the risk of treating a customer(s) unfairly and therefore reduce the associated reputational risk. 
The Conflicts of Interest Policy sets the Group's overriding principle and expectations for managing 
conflicts of interest, including the Group's standards in relation to the establishment and maintenance of 
"information barriers". The Personal Account Dealing Policy sets out the framework and guidelines in 
relation to personal account dealing and the management of insider information to ensure that the personal 
investments of employees are free from any conflicts of interest.

--- Page 135 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Group Compliance Breaches Policy 
ENBD as a group is exposed to potential compliance failures as a result of such matters as regulatory 
changes, the nature of tasks involved, human error and system failure. It is important that all business areas 
are aware of what constitutes a compliance breach and the importance of reporting, remediating, recording 
and escalation to prevent the likelihood of a repeat instance. 
Group Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") and Common Reporting Standard 
("CRS") Policy 
ENBD as a Group is exposed to the FATCA broad extraterritorial reach which requires all non-U.S. Foreign 
Financial Institutions to register with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and to identify, document 
and report on accounts maintained and/or controlled by U.S. persons to the IRS or local regulatory bodies. 
Similarly CRS, often regarded as the non-US version of FATCA, requires financial institutions operating 
in one or more of the over 100 participating jurisdictions, such as ENBD, to identify and document tax 
residents of those jurisdictions and report these to the local regulators and tax authorities. Such local 
regulators and tax authorities may then exchange the information with the various jurisdictions on an annual 
basis. 
The Group FATCA/CRS Policy sets out the minimum standards to be achieved and maintained by ENBD 
and all of its branches, subsidiaries, special purpose vehicles, trusts and funds. 
Group Funding 
GM&T manages the overall short-term and long-term liquidity of ENBD, guided by the overriding 
principle of prudent liquidity management and with frequent reporting to, and instruction from, ENBD's 
ALCO. 
The majority of ENBD funding is provided by customer deposits. The inter-bank market is used for residual 
funding purposes and term funding is used to lengthen the maturity profile and diversify the client base. 
The current liquidity position of ENBD is considered to be good. To mitigate future liquidity risks (e.g. 
associated with market events), GM&T maintains a liquidity buffer, which is designed to be of a size 
sufficient to deal with all foreseeable liquidity events. 
ENBD and its operational companies also raise money through the international capital markets. All capital 
markets debt raising activity by ENBD and its operational companies is controlled by the Group Funding 
Desk of GM&T. 
For short-term funding, EBI established a U.S.$4 billion Euro Commercial Paper programme (the "ECP 
Programme"). Following the amalgamation of EBI and NBD with ENBD in November 2009, ENBD is 
now the issuer under the ECP Programme and is responsible for all series of commercial paper issued by 
EBI and outstanding under the programme. 
ENBD does from time to time buy back its own debt (senior and subordinated) in the open market. 
In June 2009, EBI raised AED 4 billion of Tier 1 debt securities. The sole investor was ICD (which is 
wholly-owned by the Government of Dubai), the majority shareholder of ENBD. These securities are 
perpetual, subordinated and unsecured and for the first five years have an annual 6.45 per cent. fixed rate 
coupon, after which they carry a floating rate coupon linked to EIBOR plus a margin of 4 per cent. The 
UAE Central Bank has approved the qualification of these securities for Tier 1 Regulatory Capital purposes. 
Further, as mentioned above, ENBD's capital was increased in March 2009 by the conversion of AED 12.6 
billion of deposits from the UAE Federal Government into longer-term subordinated debt. ENBD has since 
fully repaid the deposits from the UAE Federal Government. 
In March 2013, ENBD issued regulatory Tier 2 Capital notes amounting to U.S.$750 million. The notes 
had a 10-year maturity and were callable after five years, were subordinated, unsecured and had been issued 
at a fixed interest rate of 4.875 per cent. These notes were fully called in March 2018. 
In May 2013, ENBD issued regulatory Tier 1 Capital notes amounting to U.S.$1 billion. The notes are 
perpetual, subordinated, unsecured and have been issued at a fixed interest rate of 5.75 per cent. with a reset 
after six years. These notes were fully called in May 2019.

--- Page 136 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
In September 2014, ENBD issued regulatory Tier 1 Capital notes amounting to U.S.$500 million. The notes 
are perpetual, subordinated, unsecured and have been issued at a fixed interest rate of 6.375 per cent. with 
a reset after six years. 
In September 2018, ENBD refinanced its U.S.$1,700 million club deal through a new three-year deal 
paying a coupon of U.S$3-month LIBOR plus a margin of 97 bps.  
In March 2019, ENBD issued regulatory Tier 1 Capital notes amounting to U.S.$1,000 million. The notes 
are perpetual, subordinated, unsecured and have been issued at a fixed interest rate of 6.125 per cent. with 
a reset after six years. 
In November 2019, ENBD raised AED 6.5 billion by way of a rights issue. The new shares were issued at 
an issue price of AED 8.50 per share and rank pari passu with ENBD's existing shares.  
In July 2020, ENBD issued regulatory Tier 1 Capital notes amounting to U.S.$750 million. The notes are 
perpetual, subordinated, unsecured and have been issued at a fixed interest rate of 6.125 per cent. with a 
reset after six years. 
As at 31 December 2020, ENBD and its main operational companies had, since July 2002, launched bond 
issues on eight exchanges: Dublin, Luxembourg, London, Nasdaq Dubai, Singapore, Sydney, Switzerland 
and Taiwan. As at 31 December 2020, outstanding issuance for ENBD and its main operational companies 
totalled U.S.$12.6 billion (excluding Additional Tier 1 securities) with U.S.$5.0 billion issued during the 
year ending 31 December 2020. 
The following table shows the maturity profile of the Group's Strategic Funding Liabilities outstanding as 
at 31 December 2020: 
Year 
Amount 
(AED Millions) 
2020 .............................................................................................................................................................  
- 
2021 .............................................................................................................................................................  
13.3 
2022 .............................................................................................................................................................  
10.3 
2023 .............................................................................................................................................................  
3.2 
2024 .............................................................................................................................................................  
2.3 
Beyond 2024 ................................................................................................................................................  
25.3 
Information Technology 
The Group's Information Technology ("IT") division is focused on utilising the most advanced IT systems 
to secure the Group's customers and ensure that customers' data is well protected and secured against 
unauthorised entry. ENBD envisages the role of information technology to be significant in ensuring that 
IT remains responsive and flexible to the competitive and dynamic forces of the environment within which 
it operates. Accordingly, ENBD continues to invest in IT to ensure that it is resourced in line with modern 
banking requirements. 
The Group's IT division entered the final year of its four year, four-phased AED 1 billion digital 
transformation in 2020 and this will continue until the end of 2021. This digital transformation has focused 
on enhancing the Group's end-to-end IT capabilities across IT architecture, operations, governance, and 
security while enabling comprehensive data management and agile delivery of IT services, with the ultimate 
aim of creating a global digital innovation advantage for the Group as it grows its international footprint.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the digital transformation has completed over 78 per cent. of its 
scheduled initiatives and achieved several major milestones, including developing and launching new 
products and services such as: (i) the "Enterprise Payment Hub" which consolidates the Group's separate 
payment services into a unified platform enabling the Group to process domestic and cross-border 
transactions across the jurisdictions in which it operates and in a variety of currencies; and (ii) upgraded 
core banking services for the Group's UAE operations.  
In addition to the digital transformation, the Group IT division continued to provide strategic support for 
key Group business initiatives in 2020, such as the introduction of Liv. to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia

--- Page 137 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
and enabling a seamless transition of the Group's banking operations to remote working across its network 
following movement restrictions imposed in response to COVID-19.  
The Group IT division's achievements in 2020 were made possible by significant enhancements in the 
Group's IT infrastructure, the Enterprise Data Platform and the Group's security capabilities.   
The "Enterprise Data Platform" was launched in 2018 and allows the Group to store and analyse the Group's 
data in a single, open source platform. This platform provides easy integration with ENBD's systems and 
applications allowing data to rapidly move in and out of the platform through bulk load processing. In 
addition to this, the platform also provides standardised presentation of data from ENBD's systems and 
applications.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ENBD is now running over 85 per cent. of its applications on its 
private cloud service, enabled by "cloud-native tech-stack", which allows applications to be built using 
reusable microservices running in containers, with end-to-end infrastructure automation.  
In 2021, ENBD aims to conclude its digital transformation by launching new online and mobile banking 
platforms to customers, upgrading core banking services for its Egypt operations and implementing a single 
platform for retail assets. This will be achieved by leveraging the upgraded IT infrastructure and efficiencies 
achieved to date as part of its digital transformation.  
Insurance 
ENBD has various insurance policies in place, including directors and officers insurance, third party 
liability insurance and bankers blanket bond insurance. ENBD believes that these insurance policies provide 
it with comprehensive insurance coverage against the various risks to which ENBD may be exposed. 
Litigation 
Litigation is a common occurrence in the banking industry due to the nature of the business undertaken. 
ENBD has formal controls and policies for managing all types of legal claims. In the event of defending a 
claim, once professional advice has been obtained and if it is deemed that ENBD may be at risk of losing a 
claim, the amount of potential loss is reasonably estimated. ENBD then makes adjustments to account for 
any adverse effects which the claim may have on its financial standing. However, ENBD is not involved in 
any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to claims which could have a material 
adverse effect on its financial condition and the results of operations and is not aware of any such material 
litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding that is pending or threatened. 
Therefore, no material provision has been made as at 31 December 2020 regarding any outstanding legal 
proceedings against ENBD. 
Fiscal Year 
The fiscal year of ENBD is the calendar year ending on 31 December. 
Recent Developments 
Financial Performance for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
The following information has been extracted from the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of ENBD as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2021, that includes the comparative 
financial information for the three months ended 31 March 2020: 
 
31 March 2021 
(Unaudited) 
31 March 2020 
(Unaudited) 
 
(AED millions) 
(AED millions) 
Net interest income and income from Islamic financing and investment products net of 
distribution to depositors ..................................................................................................  
4,088.4 
4,936.3 
Net fee and commission income .........................................................................................  
1,101.5 
1,181.0 
Net gain/(loss) on trading securities .....................................................................................  
59.9 
39.5 
Other operating income ........................................................................................................  
913.6 
727.9 
Total operating income ......................................................................................................  
6,163.3 
6,884.8 
General and administrative expenses ....................................................................................  
(1,867.8) 
(2,048.7) 
Operating profit before impairment .................................................................................  
4,295.6 
4,836.1

--- Page 138 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Net impairment loss on financial assets ................................................................................  
(1,763.0) 
(2,558.5) 
Operating profit after impairment ....................................................................................  
2,532.6 
2,277.6 
Share of profit / (loss) of associates ......................................................................................  
9.2 
0.1 
Group profit for the period before tax..............................................................................  
2,541.8 
2,277.7 
Taxation charge ....................................................................................................................  
(219.5) 
(196.9) 
Group profit for the period after tax ................................................................................  
2,322.2 
2,080.8 
 
For the three months ended 31 March 2021, the Group's profit for the period after tax increased by 11.6 per 
cent. to AED 2,322.2 million, as compared to the same period in the prior year, due to improved economic 
conditions seen through the diversification of the Group's portfolio following the acquisition of DenizBank. 
For the three months ended 31 March 2021, total operating income decreased by 10.5 per cent. to AED 
6,163.3 million, as compared to the same period in the prior year, mainly due to lower net interest and non-
funded income. For the three months ended 31 March 2021, net interest income and income from Islamic 
financing and investment products net of distribution to depositors decreased by 17.2 per cent. to AED 
4,088.4 million as compared to the same period in the prior year. Excluding DenizBank, the Group's net 
interest income decreased by 16.7 per cent. between 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021. This decline 
between 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021 was due to lower net interest margins which in turn were due 
to lower interest rates and a decline in EIBOR.  
The impaired loan ratio increased during this period from 5.5 per cent. as at 31 March 2020 to 6.1 per cent. 
as at 31 March 2021. ENBD's impairment coverage ratio increased from 120.5 per cent. as at 31 March 
2020 to 125.1 per cent. as at 31 March 2021. Capital adequacy ratios increased from 17.9 per cent. as at 31 
March 2020 to 19.0 per cent. as at 31 March 2021.  
 
In May 2021, ENBD issued regulatory Tier 1 Capital notes amounting to U.S.$750 million. The notes are 
perpetual, subordinated, unsecured and have been issued at a fixed interest rate of 4.250 per cent. with a 
reset after six years. 
Subsequent events 
 
Dubai Bank 
 
In April 2021, ENBD entered into an agreement to sell a controlling interest in Dubai Bank to Eradah 
Capital (L.L.C.). The transaction is expected to complete in 2021 and is subject to regulatory approval by 
the UAE Central Bank. 
NGI 
 
In April 2021, UAE real estate firm Dubai Investments purchased 32,285,120 NGI shares from ENBD at a 
price of AED 3.27 per share, increasing its current shareholding to 29.9 per cent. and making it the majority 
shareholder in NGI. The sale represents 21.53 per cent. of the issued share capital of NGI. Following the 
sale, ENBD continues to hold 22,778,030 shares in NGI, representing 15.19 per cent. of the issued share 
capital of NGI.

--- Page 139 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER 
Board of Directors 
ENBD is managed by the Board, which is comprised of up to nine members elected by its shareholders to 
serve terms of three years. The Board is composed of individuals independent of the Government of Dubai 
and decisions are taken by the Board in the sole interest of ENBD. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board is comprised of the nine directors listed below. 
Name 
Position 
H.H. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum ............................................................................................. 
Chairman 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Qassim Al Qassim ................................................................................................... 
Vice Chairman 
Mr. Hussain Hassan Mirza Mohd Al Sayegh ............................................................................................ 
Director 
Mr. Buti Obaid Buti Al Mulla ................................................................................................................... 
Director 
Mr. Shoaib Mir Hashem Khoory ............................................................................................................... 
Director 
Mr. Mohamed Hamad Obaid Khamis Al Shehi ......................................................................................... 
Director 
Mr. Mohamed Hadi Ahmad Abdulla Al Hussaini ..................................................................................... 
Director 
Mr. Salem Mohammed Obaidalla ............................................................................................................. 
Director 
Mr. Ali Humaid Ali Al Owais ................................................................................................................... 
Director 
H.H. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum was appointed as the Chairman of ENBD in June 2011. His 
Highness holds a bachelor's degree in Political Science from the University of Denver, Colorado, USA and 
he is a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society, a recipient of the Commandeur de l'Ordre de la Legion 
d'Honneur (the Legion of Honour) of France and a recipient of the Verfassungsportugaleser of Germany. 
His Highness is currently the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Emirates Group, which includes 
Emirates Airlines, dnata and other aviation related entities. In addition, His Highness is the Chairman of 
the Supreme Fiscal Committee of the Government of Dubai (the "SFC"), Supreme Council of Energy, 
British University of Dubai, Noor Investment Group LLC, Noor Takaful PJSC and Dubai World, President 
of the Dubai Civil Aviation Authority (since 1985) and a director of ICD. 
Mr. Hesham Abdulla Qassim Al Qassim was appointed as the Vice Chairman of ENBD in June 2011. Mr. 
Al Qassim holds a bachelor's degree in Banking and Finance and a master's degree in International Business 
Management and Executive Leadership Development. Mr Al Qassim is currently the Vice Chairman and 
CEO of Wasl Asset Management Group and also the Chairman of the Emirates Institute for Banking and 
Financial Studies (EIBFS) and Dubai Sports Corporation and the Vice Chairman of Dubai Autism Centre. 
In addition, he is the Chairman of Emirates Islamic, Emirates NBD Egypt and DenizBank and a member 
of the boards of directors of Amlak Finance PJSC, International Humanitarian City, NGI, DIFC Authority, 
DIFC Investments LLC, Emirates Telecommunications Corporation (Etisalat), Pak Telecom Mobile Ltd 
Pakistan and Pakistan Telecommunication Company Limited.  
Mr. Hussain Hassan Mirza Mohd Al Sayegh was appointed as a director of ENBD in July 2007. Mr Al 
Sayegh holds a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Jordan and a master's 
degree in International Relations from the University of Southern California (UK Programme) London. Mr. 
Al Sayegh us the Head of Investment Affairs for the office of H.H. Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum. 
He is also currently the Chairman of Jotun UAE Ltd and Jotun Powder Coatings UAE LLC, the Deputy 
Chairman of Oilfields Supply Centre Ltd and Al Nasr Leisureland, and a member of the boards of directors 
of Emirates National Oil Company Limited (ENOC) LLC, the National Bank of Fujairah, Marsh Insco and 
Mawarid Finance PJSC. 
Mr. Buti Obaid Buti Al Mulla was appointed as a director of ENBD in July 2007. Mr. Al Mulla holds a 
diploma in Business Administration from Newberry College, Boston, USA. He is currently the Chairman 
of Dubai Insurance Co., Vice Chairman of Emirates Islamic and Emirates Investment Bank PJSC and a 
director of Dubai Bank. 
Mr. Shoaib Mir Hashem Khoory was appointed as a director of ENBD in June 2011. Mr. Khoory holds a 
bachelor's degree in Accounting and Business Administration from UAE University and completed 
Business Strategy studies at San Diego University, USA. Mr. Khoory is the Managing Director of Mir 
Hashim Khoory LLC. He is the Chairman of Dubai Bank, Lycee Francais International, International 
Concept Education LLC FZ and Kent College Dubai. He is a director of Emirates Islamic, Dubai Real 
Estate Corporation/WASL, Jebel Ali Cement Factory and the MAHY Khoory Group.

--- Page 140 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
Mr. Mohamed Hamad Obaid Khamis Al Shehi was appointed as a director of ENBD in June 2011. Mr. 
Al Shehi holds an executive master's degree in Business Administration from Zayed University. Mr. Al 
Shehi is also the Deputy Director General for the Government Department of Finance, Acting Executive 
Director of the Dubai Financial Support Fund, the Secretary of the SFC and a member of the Economic 
Development Committee, Sectoral Committees of the Executive Council. In addition, he is the Chairman 
of Emirates Financial Services and a director of Emirates Islamic, Dubai Bank and Emirates NBD Asset 
Management Ltd. 
Mr. Mohamed Hadi Ahmad Abdulla Al Hussaini was appointed as a director of ENBD in June 2011. Mr. 
Al Hussaini is a director of Emirates Islamic, Dubai Refreshments Company and Emaar Malls P.J.S.C. 
Mr. Salem Mohammed Obaidalla was appointed as a director of ENBD in February 2019. Mr. Obaidalla 
holds a degree in Business Administration from Wentworth Institute of Technology in Boston, USA. Mr. 
Obaidalla is currently the Senior Vice President – Aeropolitical & Industry Affairs of Emirates Airline. He 
has extensive professional experience and contributed to the success of launching new stations in addition 
to handling the launch of various destinations, such as Amsterdam, Prague, Madrid, Geneva, Copenhagen, 
St. Petersburg, Dublin, Barcelona, and Lisbon.  
Mr. Ali Humaid Ali Al Owais was appointed as a director of ENBD in March 2013. Mr. Al Owais holds a 
bachelor's degree in Business Applied Science. Mr. Al Owais is the Chairman of Al Owais Group, United 
Food Company PJSC, United Can Company LLC and Moderna Group LLC. He is the Vice Chairman of 
Dubai Refreshment Co. PJSC, Modern Bakery and director of Emirates Islamic, Dar Al Takaful and Oman 
Refreshment Company. 
The business address for each of ENBD's directors is c/o Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, Baniyas Road, Deira, 
P.O. Box 777, Dubai, UAE. 
No member of the Board has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his duties to ENBD and 
his private interests or other duties. 
Senior Management 
The day-to-day management of ENBD is conducted by the following senior managers (the "Senior 
Managers"). 
Name 
Position 
Shayne Nelson............................................................................ 
Group Chief Executive Officer 
Abdullah Qassem ....................................................................... 
Group Chief Operating Officer 
Patrick Sullivan .......................................................................... 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
Manoj Chawla ............................................................................ 
Group Chief Risk Officer 
Ahmed Al Qassim ...................................................................... 
Senior Executive Vice President. Head of Corporate and 
Institutional Banking 
Suvo Sarkar ................................................................................ 
Senior Executive Vice President. Head of Retail Banking and 
Wealth Management 
Aazar Ali Khwaja ....................................................................... 
Senior Executive Vice President. Head of Global Markets and 
Treasury 
Neeraj Makin.............................................................................. 
Senior Executive Vice President, Head of International and 
Group Strategy 
Eman Abdultrazzaq .................................................................... 
Group Chief Human Resource Officer 
Hamad Khalaf Alhosani ............................................................. 
Vice President. Company Secretary 
Shayne Nelson, Group Chief Executive Officer 
Shayne Nelson has served as Chief Executive Officer of ENBD since November 2013. Shayne has an 
extensive banking career with experience in various roles. Prior to joining ENBD, he served as the Chief 
Executive Officer of Standard Chartered Private Bank in Singapore. He was also the Chairman of Standard 
Chartered Saadiq Islamic Advisory Board and a board member of Standard Chartered Bank (China) Ltd. 
Shayne was also appointed as the Regional Chief Executive Officer for Standard Chartered Bank Middle 
East and North Africa, Chairman of Standard Chartered (Pakistan) Limited, and Chairman of the Banking 
Advisory Council to the board of the Dubai International Financial Centre. He also held the position of 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Standard Chartered Bank, Malaysia Berhad.

--- Page 141 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
Shayne's strong background within banking also includes previous positions as Standard Chartered's Chief 
Risk Officer for Wholesale Banking, Regional Head of Corporate and Institutional Banking Audit in the 
Asia Pacific Region and India, as well as Regional Head of Credit in Hong Kong, the PRC and North East 
Asia. He was also the Head of Corporate and Institutional Banking for Westpac Banking Corporation in 
Western Australia. 
Shayne is also a member of the board of directors of ENBD Capital, Emirates Financial Services, 
DenizBank and International Monetary Conference, a Founding Member of the Higher Colleges of 
Technology Industry Advisory Council, a Graduate Member of the Australian Institute of Company 
Directors and an Associate Fellow of the Australian Institute of Managers. 
Abdulla Qassem, Group Chief Operating Officer 
Abdulla Qassem has served as Group Chief Operating Officer of ENBD since September 2009. Abdulla 
studied Computer Science & Business Administration at St. Edwards University, Austin, Texas. His 
professional career began at EBI in 1988 where he rose from the position of Programmer to General 
Manager, IT Operations & Administration. 
Abdulla's responsibilities in respect of the Group encompass the provision of IT services, including the 
introduction of innovative technologies to the Group as well as oversight over administration and banking 
operations. 
Abdulla is also a director of D-Clear Europe Ltd and Smart Stream Technology Group plc, Chairman of 
Tanfeeth, Vice-Chairman of SINNAD (Bahrain) and Vice-Chairman of the ENBD EXCO and the 
Chairman of Emirates NBD Properties LLC. 
Patrick Sullivan, Group Chief Financial Officer 
Patrick Sullivan has served as the Group Chief Financial Officer of ENBD since January 2020. He is a 
Chartered Accountant with 30 years' experience in banking and finance in the UK, China, Hong Kong, 
Russia, New Zealand, and now the UAE. He joined ENBD from Standard Chartered Bank where he held a 
number of senior finance roles, including Group Financial Controller, Standard Chartered China Chief 
Financial Officer and Greater China Head of Finance, Wholesale Banking. Patrick also previously held 
international roles in Banking and Capital Markets at PricewaterhouseCoopers.   
Manoj Chawla, Group Chief Risk Officer 
Manoj Chawla has served as General Manager, Risk of ENBD since September 2013. Prior to joining 
ENBD, Manoj worked as Country Chief Risk Officer with a global bank and was based in the UAE, 
Thailand and Singapore. Manoj is a risk professional with over 25 years of experience in risk management 
across various risk disciplines with key expertise in building risk infrastructure, portfolio restructuring and 
management and managing merger and acquisition risk. Manoj is a qualified Chartered Accountant, lawyer, 
Company Secretary and a certified Islamic finance executive. 
Ahmed Al Qassim, Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Corporate and Institutional Banking 
Ahmed Al Qassim is the Group's Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Corporate and Institutional 
Banking. Prior to this role, Ahmed also served as Chief Executive Officer of ENBD Capital. Ahmed has 
11 years of experience in investment banking and structured finance and prior to joining ENBD served as 
the Chief Executive Officer of Dubai Group and as a member on the boards of Bank Muscat, Shuaa Capital, 
EFG-Hermes and Sun Hung Kai. He was previously a director in Investment Banking at ENBD Capital 
where he led the Equity Capital Markets and M&A teams, and has also held senior roles at General Electric 
and Mubadala. Ahmed has a Master's in Business Administration from the University of Victoria in Canada.  
Suvo Sarkar, Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management 
Suvo is the Group's Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management 
businesses. He is also the executive chairman of the Bank's subsidiary, ENBD Asset Management. 
Additionally, he serves on the board of Tanfeeth, the Bank's operations processing subsidiary. Suvo is an 
experienced consumer banking professional with over 33 years of multi-functional experience in multiple 
geographies across the Middle East and Asia with three multinational banks – Standard Chartered Bank,

--- Page 142 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
ANZ Grindlays and Citibank, and three regional banks  – National Bank of Dubai PJSC (prior to the merger 
with Emirates Bank International), NBAD (prior to the merger with FGB) and ENBD.  
Aazar Khwaja, Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Global Markets and Treasury 
Aazar Khwaja is the Group's Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Global Markets and Treasury and 
has served ENBD since joining in September 2012. He has more than 20 years of experience in treasury 
and global markets across a number of geographies. Prior to joining ENBD, he was the Regional Treasurer 
for Emerging Markets/Africa with Barclays Bank PLC, during which he also served as Chairman of 
Barclays' regional Asset and Liability Management Committee. His previous roles include Managing 
Director and Head of Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities in Citigroup's Central and Eastern 
European division, Group Treasurer for Saudi Hollandi (ABN AMRO) Bank in the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, Managing Director of Treasury for ABN AMRO/K&H Bank in Hungary, General Manager of 
Treasury for ABN AMRO in Romania, as well as Country Treasurer for Citibank NA in Pakistan. 
Neeraj Makin, Senior Executive Vice President, Head of International and Group Strategy 
Neeraj is the Group's Senior Executive Vice President, Head of International and Group Strategy and a 
member of the ENBD EXCO. He has over 11 years' experience with ENBD including serving as an 
Advisory Board Member of Network International Holdings plc from 2016 to 2019. Prior to joining ENBD 
Neeraj was a Senior Manager at Ernst & Young Transaction Advisory services and also previously worked 
at McKinsey and Co. He has an MBA in Finance from the International Management Institute in India and 
a Bachelor's degree in Physics and Mathematics from HNB Garhwal University in India.  
Eman Abdultrazzaq, Group Chief Human Resource Officer 
Eman is the Group's new Chief Human Resource Officer and also a member of the ENBD EXCO. Prior to 
joining ENBD, Eman worked at HSBC Bank Middle East Limited as Regional Head of Human Resources, 
Strategy and Planning and Chief of Staff for the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey. She is also the 
Chairperson for the UAE Banks Federation Human Resources Committee.  
Hamad Khalaf Alhosani, Vice President, Company Secretary 
Hamad Khalaf Alhosani is the Group's Vice President and Company Secretary. Hamad has more than 15 
years professional work experience in the Middle East region, including as Legal Counsel to a Managing 
Director for a UAE law firm for 8 years, Legal Counsel Director at NBAD, and Assistant Vice President – 
Legal Counsel at ENBD. Hamad is a qualified Advocacy Lawyer with a Bachelor's in Law and a Master's 
in Public Law from Sharjah University. 
The business address for each of the Senior Managers is c/o Emirates NBD Bank PJSC, Baniyas Road, 
Deira, P.O. Box 777, Dubai, UAE. 
No Senior Manager has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his duties to ENBD and his 
private interests or other duties. 
Committees 
ENBD has established five Board committees and four management committees, which include the 
following: 
Board Executive Committee 
The Board Executive Committee ("BEC") acts for the Board on urgent matters arising between regular 
Board meetings in cases where it is not possible to convene a meeting of the Board. The BEC has the 
powers of the Board in relation to the business and affairs of ENBD. 
Board Audit Committee 
The Board Audit Committee ("BAC") is responsible for reviewing all internal audit and management 
compliance reports that are produced by ENBD and providing direction to management on rectifying 
weaknesses or shortcomings highlighted in such reports. The BAC oversees and monitors all internal 
controls and systems in place for financial reporting and ensures legal and regulatory compliance on

--- Page 143 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
financial matters. The BAC is also responsible for receiving and reviewing management letters issued by 
external auditors and reports of regulatory bodies. The members of the BAC comprise members of the 
Board, and meetings are attended by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Head of Internal 
Audit, and the Company Secretary. Other members of executive and senior management may attend by 
invitation. The committee meets quarterly or periodically as and when required. 
Board Credit and Investment Committee 
This committee meets regularly to review the quality and performance of the credit exposures and 
investment portfolio of ENBD. The BCIC reviews and oversees the effectiveness of ENBD's credit and 
investment risk strategy whilst taking into consideration the risk appetite of ENBD. Amongst other things, 
the BCIC approves lending strategy and policies, establishes delegated lending authorities and evaluates 
credit and investment proposals. The members of the BCIC comprise the Chairman of the Board and at 
least two other directors as well as the Chief Executive Officer and other members of management. 
Board Risk Committee 
This committee is responsible for the corporate and risk governance framework of the Group. This includes 
the review, oversight and monitoring of the Group's risk management procedures, the Group's risk appetite 
and its overall risk profile. The committee also oversees ENBD's Basel III implementation. The committee 
convenes on a quarterly basis. 
Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
This committee reviews and guides management on strategic human resource decisions relating to 
executive succession planning, nationalisation strategy, management appointments and remuneration 
policies. The committee, which meets on a quarterly basis, ensures that human resource governance within 
the Group is implemented in a professional and efficient manner. 
Executive Committee 
The EXCO is headed by the Chief Executive Officer. The role of the EXCO is to collectively monitor the 
performance and strategic direction of ENBD. EXCO operates and makes decisions within the authority 
limits delegated to it by the Board. The EXCO also makes specific recommendations to the Board on 
decisions that fall outside its delegated authority limits. The EXCO comprises 12 members: the Chief 
Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the 
Chief Human Resource Officer, the Senior Executive Vice President responsible for ENBD's operations in 
Turkey, the Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management, the Head of Corporate and Institutional 
Banking, the Head of International and Group Strategy, the Chief Executive Officer of Emirates Islamic 
and the Chief Executive Office of DenizBank. The EXCO meets twice a month. 
Assets and Liabilities Committee 
ENBD's ALCO is responsible for dealing with market risk exposures such as liquidity, interest rates, 
investment and economic capital management. ENBD's ALCO manages the structure and composition of 
ENBD's investment portfolio, structural interest rates, exchange rate positions and maturity gaps, as well 
as its capital adequacy position. ENBD's ALCO comprises the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial 
Officer, the General Manager, Risk, the Head of Wholesale Banking, the Head of Consumer Banking and 
Wealth Management, the General Manager, GM&T and other senior executives. The Committee meets 
once a month in the normal course of business and more often if needed. 
Management Credit Committee 
This committee meets twice a week and supports the BCIC in achieving the strategic objectives of ENBD. 
This includes assessing, approving and recommending renewal of existing credit and risk facilities, debt 
settlement, provisioning and write-offs, and amendments to pricing, grades and waivers in respect of credit 
facilities, within predetermined parameters as set out by the BCIC. The MCC also reviews exposures on 
common accounts between ENBD and Emirates Islamic, as necessary.

--- Page 144 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Management Investment Committee 
The Management Investment Committee is responsible for approving ENBD's investments and ensuring 
that an appropriate balance is achieved between risks and rewards. The Management Investment Committee 
manages ENBD's reputation risk by setting and enforcing investment guidelines. The Committee comprises 
members from GM&T, Risk and other senior management. The committee meets monthly. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, ENBD employed 9,966 employees (excluding the Egypt and Turkey businesses), 
the majority of whom were full-time employees and 553 of whom were employed in ENBD's overseas 
operations. As at 31 December 2019, ENBD employed 11,094 employees (excluding the Egypt and Turkey 
businesses), the majority of whom were full-time employees and 524 of whom were employed in ENBD's 
overseas operations. ENBD has no history of industrial disputes and considers its relationship with its 
employees to be good. 
Learning and Development 
The Group's Learning and Development function plays a strategic role in equipping employees with the 
relevant skills required for delivering expected business performance and developing the capability to 
progress in their careers, including by providing programs directed at all staff (both based in the UAE and 
internationally), including Tanfeeth and Emirates Islamic staff.  
The Group's Learning and Development programmes take place in a variety of formats, including classroom 
sessions, e-learning courses, and virtual sessions. To leverage digital learning capability ENBD has invested 
in world-class digital content providers, such as Udemy, SkillSoft and Coursera, as well as developing 
ENBD's in-house digital capabilities. Employees can access all digital learning content anytime and 
anywhere through ENBD's cloud-based Learning Management System. The Group's Learning and 
Development team also assist employees in attaining professional certifications such as Chartered Institute 
for Securities & Investment, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales – Certificate in 
Finance, Accounting and Business, and Associate Chartered Accountant Certificate. ENBD's Leadership 
and Management Development programs are aimed at leadership development at varying levels. Such 
training programs are often run in collaboration with world renowned executive education providers such 
as Harvard, MIT and INSEAD. In 2020, the Group's Learning and Development function leveraged 
technology already available within the Group to deliver learning programs addressing the Group's business 
needs both remotely and in the workplace and the Group intends to continue this initiative in 2021. In 
particular, the Group will continue to align learning initiatives and content with future-orientated 
competencies thereby allowing employees' careers to organically develop within the Group. To this end, 
curriculums will continue to be directed at all levels of employees to build their abilities and adapt to 
changing market environments and customer needs. These programs are provided by way of mobile app, 
digital learning, AI-based learning and conventional instructor-led courses.  
Remuneration Policy 
ENBD provides a competitive total reward policy to attract, motivate and retain high calibre employees to 
drive performance and growth of ENBD's businesses. The contractual pay consisting of base pay and job-
based allowances ensure that the pay levels are attractive. The variable pay offering for employees, in the 
form of incentives and discretionary bonuses, is dependent on the performance of the business and the 
individual. ENBD employees are also offered a number of benefits which are in line with market offerings. 
Emiratisation 
As part of the "Emiratisation" agenda, UAE banks are mandated to increase the number of UAE nationals 
on their payroll as part of the points system which was introduced by the Central Bank in 2017. The points 
system is based on encouraging the development and deployment of UAE nationals in different levels and 
critical roles in ENBD. ENBD is committed to achieving the UAE Central Bank "Emiratisation" targets 
and has implemented corresponding targets across all business and support units.  
The Group employed more than 1,757 UAE nationals as at 31 December 2020, with approximately 37 per 
cent. employed in leadership roles.

--- Page 145 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
The Group is currently building its Emiratisation strategy around its future needs of sustainable digital, 
automated and analytical capabilities in order to attract, develop and retain the best UAE national talent. 
Retaining UAE national talent is of significant importance to the Group and, in line with this, the Group 
provides a retention programme for its top performers, job rotation opportunities and individual 
development plans and programmes, such as the National Management Program for junior and middle 
National managers and National Leadership Program for senior National leaders. 
Related Parties 
ENBD enters into transactions with its major shareholders, directors, executive management and their 
related concerns in the ordinary course of its business and at commercial interest and commission rates. As 
at 31 December 2020, ENBD had made loans and receivables to related parties totalling AED 160.1 billion 
and had received customer and Islamic customer deposits from related parties totalling AED 6.3 billion.

--- Page 146 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
THE UAE BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES SYSTEM 
As Dubai does not have a separate monetary or financial system, this section describes the UAE's monetary 
and financial system generally, although certain sections focus specifically on Dubai where information is 
available. 
Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy 
The UAE's monetary and exchange rate policy is managed by the UAE Central Bank. The principal 
objective of the UAE's monetary policy to date has been to maintain the stability of the fixed exchange rate 
regime and to manage inflation. In common with most other GCC countries, and reflecting the fact that oil 
and gas revenues are priced in U.S. dollars, the UAE dirham is linked to the U.S. dollar and the UAE 
authorities have expressed publicly their commitment to the UAE dirham and the fixed exchange rate 
regime. In the case of the UAE, the exchange rate has been maintained at AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00 since 
22 November 1980. There are no exchange controls in the UAE and the UAE dirham is freely convertible. 
Liquidity and Money Supply 
The following table sets out certain liquidity indicators for the UAE as at 31 December in each of the years 
2016 to 2020: 
 
 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(in billions of AED) 
Currency issued (M0) ................................  
77.5 
85.4 
85.8 
93.7 
110.7 
Money supply (M1)(1) ................................  
474.1 
492.4 
485.7 
515.1 
600.1 
Money supply (M2)(2) ................................  
1,255.5 
1,276.2 
1,308.4 
1,413.2 
1,478.6 
Money supply (M3)(3) ................................  
1,411.3 
1,487.1 
1,602.4 
1,717.5 
1,769.4 
Bank credit (domestic)(4) ...........................  
1,454.4 
1,452.7 
1,509.4 
1,592.6 
1,596.8 
of which: Credit to private sector ...............  
1094.6 
1105.0 
1,150.0 
1,150.0 
1,124.9 
 _______________  
Source: UAE Central Bank. 
Notes: 
(1) 
Consists of currency in circulation outside banks plus monetary deposits in local currency with banks (all short-term 
deposits on which bank customers can withdraw without prior notice). 
(2) 
Consists of Money Supply (M1) plus quasi-monetary deposits (Resident Time and Savings Deposits in Dirham + Resident 
Deposits in foreign currencies). 
(3) 
Consists of Money Supply (M2) plus Government deposits. 
(4) 
Includes lending to residents, non-banking financial institutions, trade bills discounted and loans and advances for the 
Government and public sector and private sector (corporates and individuals) in local and foreign currency. 
Foreign Reserves 
The following table sets out the foreign assets holdings of the UAE Central Bank as at 31 December in each 
of the years 2016 to 2020: 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(in billions of AED) 
 
Foreign Assets Holdings (including the IMF) ......  
313.6 
350.3 
365.4 
397.9 
391.9 
 ___________________  
Source: UAE Central Bank.  
These assets principally comprise held-to-maturity foreign securities and current account balances and 
deposits with banks abroad. In addition, the ruling families of the various Emirates as well as the 
governments of the Emirates and private citizens within the Emirates have significant sums invested abroad. 
Banking and Financial Services 
The financial and insurance activities sector in Dubai contributed 11.6 per cent. of Dubai's GDP at current 
prices in the three months ended 31 March 2020 (source: Dubai Statistics Centre). Within the UAE as a 
whole, the financial and insurance sector was estimated to have contributed approximately 8.6 per cent. of 
nominal GDP in the three months ended 31 March 2020 (source: UAE Federal Competitiveness and 
Statistics Centre).

--- Page 147 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
With 58 commercial banks (comprising 21 local banks with 541 branches as at 31 December 2020 and 37 
foreign banks with 73 branches as at 31 December 2020) (source: preliminary data, Statistical Bulletin 
(January 2021), UAE Central Bank), serving a population estimated to be in the region of 9.9 million in 
2020 (source: Statistical Yearbook 2020 edition, United Nations Department of Economic and Social 
Affairs, Statistics Division), the UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional 
standards. However, on 3 July 2016, it was announced that the board of directors of NBAD and FGB had 
voted unanimously to recommend to their respective shareholders a merger of the two Abu Dhabi-listed 
banks, which created the largest bank in the Middle East and North Africa region by assets which was 
rebranded as First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. The merger of NBAD and FGB was formally consummated 
on 30 March 2017 and stimulated further consolidation amongst the UAE banks. In 2019, Abu Dhabi 
Commercial Bank P.J.S.C., Union National Bank P.J.S.C. and Al Hilal Bank P.J.S.C. agreed a merger to 
create the third largest bank in the UAE, which was completed in May 2019 (source: Bloomberg). In 
January 2020, Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C also announced the completion of its acquisition of Noor Bank 
P.J.S.C (source: Reuters). 
The UAE's membership of the World Trade Organisation will likely require greater economic liberalisation, 
but it is unclear to what extent this will encourage foreign banks to further expand their presence in the 
market. In the long-term, however, it is likely to lead to increased competition, which should spur 
consolidation, both within the UAE and across the region generally. 
The table below provides a statistical analysis of the UAE banking sector as at 31 December in each of the 
years 2016 to 2020: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Total number of commercial banks ........ 
60 
61 
60 
59 
58 
Total number of branches ....................... 
931 
853 
823 
735 
614 
Total number of employees(1) ................. 
37,547 
34,675 
36,629 
35,637 
33,444 
Bank credit (domestic) (AED billions)(2)  
1,454.4 
1,452.7 
1,509.4 
1,592.6 
1,596.8 
Total assets (AED billions) .................... 
2,613.6 
2,694.0 
2,868.5 
3,082.9 
3,188.0 
Total deposits(3) (AED billions) .............. 
1,562.9 
1,627.3 
1,755.6 
1,870.2 
1,884.5 
 _______________  
Source: Statistical Bulletin (December 2020), UAE Central Bank. 
Notes: 
(1) 
Excluding auxiliary staff. 
(2) 
Includes lending to residents, non-banking financial institutions, trade bills discounted and loans and advances for the 
Government and public sector and private sector (corporates and individuals) in local and foreign currency. 
(3) 
Excluding inter-bank deposits. 
 
Principal Banks in the UAE 
The table below provides summary information for each of the four principal banks by asset size established 
in the UAE: 
Number of 
Branches 
Year Established 
Government 
Ownership 
Assets(1) 
 
 
(%) 
(AED billions) 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. ................................  
64(4) 
2017(2) 
37.0 
919.1 
Emirates NBD Bank P.J.S.C. ..................................  
110(1) 
2007(3) 
55.8 
698.1 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C. ....................  
55(1) 
1985 
62.52 
411.2 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. ...................................  
57(4) 
1975 
25.82 
289.6 
 _______________  
Sources: UAE Central Bank and published financial statements. 
Notes: 
(1) 
As at 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Year of merger of NBAD and FGB. 
(3) 
Year of merger of EBI and NBD. 
(4)  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus.   
Supervision of Banks 
The UAE Central Bank, established in 1980, is the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks 
operating in the UAE. The UAE Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for all banking institutions in 
the UAE. Supervision is carried out through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from 
the banks. The frequency of inspection depends on the perceived risk of the bank, but inspections are carried

--- Page 148 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
out in all banks at least once every 18 months. Returns are made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually, depending on the nature of the information they are required to contain. An improved risk 
management framework is currently being implemented, which is designed to provide the UAE Central 
Bank with more up-to-date information on credit, market and operational risks within the banking sector. 
Historically, the UAE Central Bank has not acted as a lender of last resort, a role which has tended to fall 
on the individual Emirates. However, the introduction by the UAE Central Bank in 2014 of the Interim 
Marginal Lending Facility (the "IMLF") allows non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain rated or UAE federal 
government entity issued assets as collateral to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight in order to 
help their liquidity management (see further "– Recent Trends in Banking – Liquidity"). 
The 2018 Federal Law grants the UAE Central Bank powers to: 
• 
Draw up and implement monetary policy; 
• 
Exercise currency issuance; 
• 
Organise licensed financial activities, establish the foundations for carrying them on, and 
determine the standards required for developing and promoting prudential practices in accordance 
with the provisions of the 2018 Federal Law and international standards; 
• 
Set up appropriate regulations and standards for protection of customers of licensed financial 
institutions; 
• 
Monitor the credit condition in the UAE, in order to contribute to the achievement of balanced 
growth in the national economy; 
• 
Manage foreign reserves to maintain, at all times, sufficient foreign currency assets to cover the 
monetary base as per the provisions of the 2018 Federal Law; and 
• 
Regulate, develop, oversee and maintain soundness of the financial infrastructure systems in the 
UAE. 
The UAE Central Bank is also responsible for regulating financial institutions in relation to money 
laundering controls and enforcing Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 regarding the procedures for Anti-Money 
Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illicit Organisations. Pursuant to this, the UAE 
has established the National Committee to Counter Money Laundering, Combating the Financing of 
Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations, which is responsible for co-ordinating policy and systems 
on anti-money laundering and the combating of terrorism financing, assessing the effectiveness of such 
policies and systems and the representation of the UAE in international forums on these matters. Federal 
Law No. 20 of 2018 also recommends the establishment of an independent "Financial Information Unit" 
within the UAE Central Bank to receive and investigate reports submitted by financial institutions and 
corporate entities regarding suspected illicit financial activity.  
Although the UAE Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment 
companies and other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all 
banking and financial services activities in the DIFC. Similarly, in the Abu Dhabi Global Market in Abu 
Dhabi ("ADGM"), the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority regulates activity in the financial 
services sector. 
Since 1999, regulated banks in the UAE have been required to report in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Characteristics of the Banking System 
Banking institutions in the UAE fall into a number of categories, including domestic commercial banks and 
licensed foreign commercial banks. The UAE banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market. 
With much of the economy directly or indirectly dependent on the oil sector, the UAE banks are vulnerable 
during long periods of low oil prices. In particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of liquidity. There is a 
high degree of state involvement in the UAE banking sector, with the five largest banks having some degree 
of ownership by the governments and/or ruling families of individual Emirates.

--- Page 149 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
Additionally, a number of banks have developed in the Islamic world, including in the UAE, to serve 
customers who wish to observe Shari'a principles, including the prohibition on the charging of interest on 
any financial transaction. These institutions offer a range of products, which broadly correspond to 
conventional banking transactions but are structured to ensure that all relevant Shari'a principles are 
complied with. The principal Dubai-based Islamic banks are Dubai Islamic Bank and Emirates Islamic. 
COVID-19 
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak (see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to ENBD's business which may 
affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme  – Risks arising 
from ENBD's business activities – Market Risks"), effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank 
implemented the TESS, which includes a range of measures aimed at mitigating the economic effects of 
COVID-19 on the UAE economy. The TESS and other accompanying stimulus measures include (in 
addition to cutting interest rates as discussed in such risk factor): 
TESS 
• 
allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans and advances, against collateral, extended at 
zero cost by the UAE Central Bank until 30 June 2022, the proceeds of which are to be used by 
UAE banks to grant temporary relief to private sector corporate customers and retail clients; 
• 
reducing the capital conservation buffer by 3 per cent. and reducing the D-SIB buffer by 1.5 per 
cent. until 31 December 2021;  
• 
allowing banks to utilise 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer and 100 per cent. of their 
D-SIB buffer, as applicable, without supervisory consequences, until 31 December 2021; 
• 
allowing banks that are subject to the LCR to fall below the regulatory LCR requirement of 100 
per cent., provided that their LCR is higher than or equal to 70 per cent., while other banks are 
able to fall below the regulatory ELAR requirement of 10 per cent., provided that their ELAR is 
higher or equal to 7 per cent., with such changes to the LCR and ELAR applicable until 31 
December 2021, subject to having fully utilised the limit available under zero cost facility of the 
TESS; 
• 
expecting banks to leave unchanged and not downgrade the IFRS 9 staging and classification of 
customers at stage 1 who are receiving temporary relief linked to the TESS; 
Further measures to support the UAE economy in response to COVID-19 
• 
decreasing the UAE Central Bank's minimum reserve requirement for all current, call and savings 
deposits from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent.;  
• 
administering a gradual implementation of certain Basel III capital requirements from 31 March 
2021 to 31 March 2022; and 
• 
allowing banks to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter 
will allow any increase in IFRS9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially 
added back to regulatory capital. This will allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over 
a five year period until 31 December 2024. 
Recent Trends in Banking 
Capital Adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy 
ratios. Basel II was introduced effective 17 November 2009 by way of UAE Central Bank Circular Number 
27/2009. Since 1993, the UAE Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all 
UAE banks. In a circular dated 30 August 2009, the UAE Central Bank announced amendments to its 
capital adequacy requirements, such that UAE banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio 
of at least 11 per cent., with a Tier I ratio of not less than 7 per cent., by 30 September 2009. Furthermore, 
the UAE Central Bank required banks operating in the UAE to increase their Tier I capital adequacy ratio 
to at least 8 per cent., with a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per cent., by 30 June 2010.

--- Page 150 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Thereafter, through its circular dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the UAE Central Bank stated 
that it was expected that the main banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based 
approach under Basel II in due course. Through this circular, the UAE Central Bank reiterated that all banks 
operating in the UAE were required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all 
times, increasing to 12 per cent. by 30 June 2010 and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II 
and Pillar III of the Basel II framework. Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised 
gains on investments and any shortfall in loan loss provisions were deducted from regulatory capital. 
As part of the introduction of Basel III in the UAE, and pursuant to the February 2017 Regulations and the 
Capital Standards, ENBD is required by the UAE Central Bank to maintain a minimum total capital 
adequacy ratio of 14.5 per cent., effective from 1 January 2019. Included within this UAE Central Bank 
prescribed minimum total capital adequacy ratio, ENBD, as a D-SIB, is required to maintain a D-SIB buffer 
of 1.50 per cent. with effect from 1 January 2019, which is to be met in its entirety by Common Equity Tier 
1 capital. As of 31 December 2019, the Group's total capital adequacy ratio was 18.5 per cent. Whilst the 
calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements guidelines, 
claims on or guaranteed by GCC central governments and central banks are risk-weighted at zero per cent. 
(where applicable) and claims on GCC government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted 
in accordance with the prescribed guidelines.  
As noted above under "COVID-19", as part of the TESS, D-SIB banks are able to utilise 100 per cent. of 
their D-SIB buffer and 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer without supervisory consequences 
until 30 June 2021. In addition, the UAE Central Bank will allow banks to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 
9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter will allow any increase in IFRS 9 provisioning compared 
to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. This will allow IFRS 9 provisions to 
be gradually phased-in over a five year period until 31 December 2024. Furthermore, the planned 
implementation of certain Basel III capital requirements in 2020 will now be enacted on a gradual basis 
from 31 March 2021 to 31 March 2022. 
Liquidity 
The UAE Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that 
banks have in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as 
contingency funding plans to cope with periods of liquidity stress. 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank. 
In this context, "loans" comprise loans and advances to customers and interbank assets maturing after three 
months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand or time-based customer deposits made by private 
individuals or private sector companies. According to data made available by the UAE Central Bank, 
together, these deposits constituted approximately 58.1 per cent. of total deposits of the UAE banking sector 
as at 31 December 2020, whereas the UAE federal government and the public sector constituted 
approximately 28.8 per cent. of total deposits within the UAE banking sector as at 31 December 2020. Non-
resident and other sources contributed approximately 12.2 per cent. as at the same date (source: UAE 
Banking Indicators (January 2021), UAE Central Bank). 
In response to the global 2008 financial crisis, the UAE Central Bank announced a number of measures 
aimed at ensuring that adequate liquidity is available to banks operating in the UAE. In September 2008, 
the UAE Central Bank established an AED 50 billion liquidity facility which banks can draw upon subject 
to posting eligible debt securities as collateral. The liquidity facility is available only for the purpose of 
funding existing commitments. New lending is required to be based on growth in the customer deposit base. 
The UAE Central Bank also established a certificates of deposit ("CD") repurchase facility under which 
banks can use CDs as collateral for dirham or U.S. dollar funding from the UAE Central Bank. Further, 
banks can access funds through the IMLF. 
In addition to these measures, the UAE federal government also provided AED 50.0 billion in deposits to 
UAE banks (as part of a larger AED 70.0 billion package) which, at the option of the banks, can be 
converted into Tier II capital in order to enhance capital adequacy ratios. A number of banks in the UAE 
exercised this option and converted the UAE federal government deposits made with them into Tier II 
capital.

--- Page 151 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
During 2008, Government-owned institutions assisted certain Abu Dhabi banks in strengthening their 
capital base through the subscription of mandatory convertible securities and, in February 2009, the Abu 
Dhabi Government (acting through the Department of Finance of the Government of Abu Dhabi) 
subscribed for, in aggregate, a sum of AED 16.0 billion in subordinated Tier I capital notes issued by the 
then five largest Abu Dhabi banks: NBAD, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C., FGB, Union National 
Bank P.J.S.C. and Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. 
In 2009, the Department of Finance of the Government of Dubai established a U.S.$20.0 billion funding 
programme and the first tranche, valued at U.S.$10.0 billion with a five year tenure and paying a coupon 
rate of 4 per cent. per annum, was issued in its entirety to the UAE Central Bank. In November 2009, a 
second U.S.$5.0 billion tranche was fully subscribed equally by NBAD and Al Hilal Bank P.J.S.C. 
In line with Basel III requirements, the UAE Central Bank has issued UAE Central Bank Notice No. 
33/2015 on liquidity requirements (which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 May 2015 and which 
entered into force with effect from 1 July 2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 30/2012) (the "Liquidity 
Notice") which includes a set of qualitative and quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE banks. The 
qualitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice elaborate on the responsibilities of a UAE bank's 
board of directors and senior management as well as the overall liquidity risk framework. The new 
regulations are intended to ensure that liquidity risks are well managed at banks operating in the UAE and 
are in line with the Basel Committee's recommendations and international best practices. These 
requirements include the following: 
Responsibilities of the board of directors: 
• 
to bear ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management within the relevant UAE bank; 
• 
to be familiar with liquidity risk management with at least one board member having a detailed 
understanding of liquidity risk management; and 
• 
to ensure the clear articulation of liquidity risk tolerance in line with the relevant UAE bank's 
objectives, strategy and risk appetite. 
Responsibilities of senior management: 
• 
to develop strategies, policies and practices to manage liquidity risk in accordance with the 
liquidity risk tolerance set by the board of directors; 
• 
to review the UAE bank's strategy and to report to the board of directors on regulatory compliance 
on a regular basis; and 
• 
to manage liquidity risk in a prudent manner using all available liquidity risk management tools. 
Liquidity risk framework: 
The Liquidity Notice requires each UAE bank to have a robust liquidity risk framework which comprises 
the following elements: 
• 
sound processes and systems to identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risk in a timely 
and accurate manner; 
• 
a robust liquidity risk management framework (which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank 
upon request) with limits, warning indicators, communication and escalation procedures; 
• 
regular internal stress testing of the portfolio for a variety of scenarios (both institution-specific 
and market-wide); results being communicated to the board of directors and the UAE Central Bank 
on request; 
• 
incorporation of liquidity costs, benefits and risks into product pricing and approval processes; 
• 
establishment of a forward-looking funding strategy with effective diversification of funding 
sources and tenors;

--- Page 152 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
• 
setting of formal contingency funding plans which clearly set out strategies for addressing liquidity 
shortfalls in emergency situations (and which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank upon 
request); 
• 
establishment of an adequate cushion of unencumbered, highly liquid assets as insurance against a 
range of liquidity stress scenarios; and 
• 
a transfer pricing framework (which is commensurate with the bank's liquidity risk tolerance and 
complexity) developed to reflect the actual cost of funding. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank 
holds a minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in 
circumstances both specific to that bank and market wide). In particular, the requirements include two 
interim ratios which were intended to apply until the Basel III LCR and NSFR (each as defined in the table 
below) come into effect. These include the following: 
 
Ratio 
Applicability Period 
Interim ratios: 
Liquid Asset Ratio (LAR > =10%) 
1 January 2013 – 30 June 2015 
 
Eligible Liquid Assets Ratio (ELAR > = 10%) 
1 July 2015 until LCR implementation 
 
Advances to Stable Resources Ratio 
30 September 1986 until NSFR implementation 
 
(ASRR < 100%) 
 
Basel III ratios: 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR > 100%) 
1 January 2019 onwards 
 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR < 100%) 
2018 onwards 
The LAR was an interim ratio designed to apply until the LCR came into effect (as described below). 
Following the entering into force of the Liquidity Notice on 1 July 2015, the LAR was replaced with the 
ELAR. Under the ELAR, UAE banks were required to hold an amount equivalent to at least 10 per cent. of 
their liabilities in high-quality liquid assets (including cash held with the UAE Central Bank, the UAE 
Central Bank CDs and certain UAE local government and public sector entity publicly traded instruments). 
The Liquidity Notice also included the option for UAE banks to apply to the UAE Central Bank to move 
to assessment and reporting of bank liquidity to the UAE Central Bank as against the LCR, in addition to 
the ELAR, with effect from 1 January 2016. Any UAE banks taking up this option were required to comply 
only with the ELAR until 1 January 2016, after which date they were required to move to a dual-compliance 
regime as to liquidity as against the ELAR and the LCR (subject to receipt of UAE Central Bank approval). 
The LCR represents a 30-day stress scenario with combined assumptions covering both bank-specific and 
market-wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data representing the main liquidity risk 
drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30-day stress scenario. The LCR requires that UAE 
banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with high quality liquid assets at the minimum 
LCR determined by the UAE Central Bank. The Basel III accord requires that this minimum is 100 per 
cent. The Liquidity Notice describes in detail high quality liquid assets for this purpose. As noted under 
"COVID-19" above, as part of the TESS, banks that have adopted the LCR are able to fall below the 
regulatory LCR requirement of 100 per cent. provided that their LCR is higher than or equal to 70 per cent. 
Other banks are able to fall below the regulatory ELAR requirement of 10 per cent. provided that their 
ELAR is higher or equal to 7 per cent. The changes to the LCR and ELAR are applicable until 31 December 
2021, subject to having fully utilised the limit available under zero cost facility of the TESS. See "Risk 
Factors – Risks relating to ENBD's business which may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of Notes issued under the Programme – Risks arising from ENBD's business activities – Liquidity risks" 
and "Risk Management" for more information. 
As part of the UAE Central Bank's gradual implementation of the Basel III Reforms in the UAE, the UAE 
Central Bank has introduced LCR in a phased manner, setting an initial benchmark of 60 per cent. upon 
commencement of LCR compliance, increasing to 100 per cent. by 2019. This graduated approach was 
designed to ensure that the LCR could be introduced without disruption to the orderly strengthening of 
banking systems or the ongoing financing of economic activity in the UAE. 
The ASRR was an interim ratio designed to apply until the NSFR came into effect in the UAE in 2018 (as 
described below). The ASRR recognised both the actual uses as well as the likely uses of funds in terms of 
the contractual maturity and behavioural profile of the sources of funds available to the bank, in order to 
ensure that there are limited maturity mismatches and cliff effects.

--- Page 153 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
NSFR is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate stable funding to fund the assets on 
their balance sheets. It also requires an amount of stable funding to cover a portion of the relevant UAE 
bank's contingent liabilities. The NSFR in the UAE mirrors the Basel III standards. The NSFR identifies 
the key uses of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the UAE banks. It assigns available 
stable funding ("ASF") factors to the sources of funds and required stable funding ("RSF") (usage) factors 
to asset classes and off balance sheet contingent exposures. The assigned ASF factor depends on the terms 
of funding and the perceived stability of the funding sources. The assigned ASF factor will depend on the 
liquidity of the asset being funded under a market-wide stress. Both factors will follow the Basel III 
standards. 
Provisions for Loan Losses 
The UAE Central Bank stipulates that non-performing credits should be classified as either substandard, 
doubtful or loss, depending on the likelihood of recovery, with provisions charged at a minimum of 25 per 
cent., 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. on the relevant amount (net of any eligible credit protection), 
respectively. Any retail and consumer loans with either interest or principal in arrears by more than 90 days 
must be placed on a non-accrual basis and classified as non-performing. In addition, pursuant to Circular 
28/2010 concerning regulations for classification of loans and their provisions issued by the UAE Central 
Bank on 11 November 2010, all banks in the UAE were required to make general provisions for unclassified 
loans and advances equal to 1.5 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets by 2014. In practice, several banks 
operate more stringent policies and place loans on a non-accrual basis as soon as their recovery is in doubt. 
Banks in the UAE generally do not write off non-performing loans from their books until all legal avenues 
of recovery have been exhausted. This factor tends to inflate the level of impaired loans and advances to 
customers and/or financings carried on the balance sheets of UAE banks when compared to banks operating 
in other economies. 
Large Exposures 
The UAE Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash 
collaterals and deposits under lien) to a single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeding prescribed 
limits. The large exposure limits (defined as a percentage of the bank's capital base) were previously as 
follows: 
• 
to a single borrower or group of borrowers – 7 per cent.; 
• 
to a shareholder of the bank holding more than 5 per cent. of the bank's capital – 7 per cent.; 
• 
overseas interbank exposures – 30 per cent. (UAE interbank exposures are subject to a 25 per cent. 
limit if their maturity is over one year, otherwise they are exempt from the regulations); 
• 
to the bank's parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates – 20 per cent. (60 per cent. for all such 
exposures in aggregate); and 
• 
to Board members – 5 per cent. (25 per cent. for all such exposures in aggregate). 
On 11 November 2013, the UAE Central Bank published a notice amending certain of the large exposure 
limits set out above (the "Large Exposure Notice") amending certain of the large exposure limits set out 
above. The Large Exposure Notice was published in the Official Gazette on 30 December 2013 and entered 
into force on 30 January 2014. The Large Exposure Notice introduced new limits of 100 per cent. of the 
bank's capital base for all lending to UAE local governments and their non-commercial entities, together 
with a 25 per cent. limit to any single such non-commercial entity. Exposures above these limits are subject 
to approval by the UAE Central Bank. Set out below is a table showing a summary of the changes 
introduced by the Large Exposure Notice (defined as a percentage of the bank's capital base calculated 
under Basel II):

--- Page 154 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
New Limit 
Old Limit 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Individual 
Aggregate 
UAE federal government and its non-
commercial entities ................................. 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
UAE local government and its non-
commercial entities ................................. 
No cap for UAE 
local government; 
25% for each non-
commercial entity 
100% 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Commercial entities of UAE federal 
government and UAE local government . 
25% 
100% 
25% 
None 
Commercial or other (non-commercial) 
private sector entities and individuals ...... 
25% max 
None 
7% 
None 
Shareholders who own 5 per cent. or 
more of the bank's capital and related 
entities ..................................................... 
20% 
50% 
7% 
None 
Exposure to bank's subsidiaries and 
affiliates .................................................. 
10% 
25% 
20% 
60% 
Board members ....................................... 
5% 
25% 
5% 
25% 
 
Mortgage Cap Regulation and Consumer Loan Regulation 
The UAE Central Bank introduced regulations regarding bank loans and other services offered to individual 
customers by way of a circular dated 23 February 2011 the ("Retail Circular") on retail banking and notice 
no. 31/2013 dated 28 October 2013 (which was published in the UAE official gazette (the "Official 
Gazette") on 28 November 2013 and entered into force on 28 December 2013) (the "Mortgage 
Regulations"). These regulations, amongst other things, limit the fees and interest rates which banks in the 
UAE can charge to retail customers and impose maximum loan/income and loan to value ratios for retail 
products such as residential mortgage loans. For example, the Retail Circular requires that the amount of 
any personal consumer loan shall not exceed 20 times the salary or total income of the borrower with the 
repayment period not exceeding 48 months. 
The Mortgage Regulations, which supersede UAE Central Bank notice no. 3871/2012 dated 30 December 
2012, provide that the amount of mortgage loans for non-nationals should not exceed 75 per cent. of the 
property value for a first purchase of a home with a value of less than AED 5 million and, for a first purchase 
of a home with a value greater than AED 5 million, should not exceed 65 per cent. of the property value. 
For the purchase of a second or subsequent home, the limit for non-nationals is set at 60 per cent. of the 
property value (irrespective of the value of the property in question). The corresponding limits for UAE 
nationals are set at 80 per cent. in respect of a first purchase of a home with a value less than or equal to 
AED 5 million, 70 per cent. for a first home with a value greater than AED 5 million and 65 per cent. of 
the property value for a second or subsequent purchase (irrespective of the value of the property). ENBD 
is compliant with the Retail Circular and the Mortgage Regulations. The Mortgage Regulations and other 
circulars may affect ENBD's net retail income and may potentially add to market price volatility in the UAE 
real estate market. 
Reserve Requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the UAE Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control 
credit expansion. The reserve requirements are 1 per cent. for term deposits and 14 per cent. for all other 
customer balances. As noted above under "COVID-19", as part of the UAE Central Bank's stimulus package 
in response to COVID-19, the minimum reserve requirement for all current, call and savings deposits has 
been decreased from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent. 
Position of Depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, 
during the 1980s and early 1990s a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities. In 
October 2008, in response to the global financial crisis, the UAE federal government announced that it 
intended to guarantee the deposits of all UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE. 
Following therefrom, in May 2009 the UAE's National Federal Council approved a draft law guaranteeing 
federal deposits. However, until such time as the law is passed, there is no guaranteed government support.

--- Page 155 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
Credit Information Agency 
In May 2010, the Government of Dubai appointed the Emirates Credit Information Company ("Emcredit") 
as the official body for providing credit information services in Dubai. Emcredit is now the entity 
responsible for providing credit reporting services in the Emirate, with responsibility for collecting, storing, 
analysing and disseminating credit information in Dubai. Additionally, in February 2011, the UAE Central 
Bank issued new regulations in relation to the retail banking sector, aimed at controlling lending activities 
and excessive charges by banks, whilst also protecting banks by regulating lending and encouraging banks 
to carry out proper due diligence on potential borrowers. 
Establishment of a Credit Bureau in the UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau ("AECB") is a federal government company specialised in providing UAE-based 
credit reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal 
approval from the Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports. AECB has 
approached all UAE-based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit 
information, with the majority having entered into such agreements and/or made successful initial data 
submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced operations. ENBD continues to submit its retail 
customer data to the AECB on a monthly basis, which meets the data accuracy thresholds laid down by the 
AECB. 
Federal Debt Management 
Federal Law No (9) of 2018 ("Law No (9)"), Regarding Public Debt provides that the outstanding public 
debt of the UAE shall not, at any time, exceed the amount determined by the cabinet, at a maximum of 250 
per cent. of the Government Own-Stable Revenues (as defined in Law No (9)). 
Insurance 
There is an absence of published statistical data on the insurance sector in the UAE and Dubai. Insurance 
companies are regulated by the Insurance Division of the Federal Ministry of Economy. 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets in the UAE are regulated by a number of entities, including the Emirates Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA"), which licenses intermediaries to trade on the DFM and the ADX. The 
SCA is a federal government organisation but has financial, legal and administrative independence. 
The other significant stock exchange in the UAE is Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai 
International Financial Exchange) which commenced operations in September 2005 and, as an entity based 
in the Dubai International Financial Centre, is separately regulated. 
Dubai Financial Market 
The DFM, which is now, along with Nasdaq Dubai, owned by Borse Dubai, was established by the 
Government of Dubai in 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for the listing and trading 
of shares, bonds and investment units issued by companies, investment funds and other local or foreign 
financial institutions that conform to its listing requirements. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares, and the number of 
executed transactions on the DFM and the closing price of the DFM Index as at 31 December in each of 
the years 2016 to 2020: 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Number of traded shares (billions) .................... 
105.8 
82.5 
45.4 
40.0 
65.5 
Value of traded shares (AED billions) ............... 
133.7 
115.1 
59.7 
53.1 
65.6 
Executed transactions (thousands) .................... 
1,300.0 
1,100.0 
660.3 
657 
978 
Market capitalisation (AED billions) ................. 
339.0 
394.0 
343.3 
375.0 
340.1 
DFM Index year-end index closing price .......... 
3,530.88 
3,370.07 
2,529.75 
2,764.86 
2,491.97 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, DFM. 
Notes: 
(1) 
No published information available as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 156 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Nasdaq Dubai 
Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange or DIFX) commenced 
operations in September 2005. On 22 December 2009, DFM announced that it had made an offer to Borse 
Dubai Limited and the Nasdaq OMX Group to acquire Nasdaq Dubai. The offer was valued at U.S.$121 
million and comprised U.S.$102 million in cash and 40 million DFM shares. The merger was approved by 
Borse Dubai Limited and the OMX Group and was completed on 11 July 2010. Subsequent to the 
transaction, both Nasdaq Dubai and DFM are operating as two distinct markets that are subject to different 
regulatory frameworks. Nasdaq Dubai is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and the DFM 
is regulated by the SCA. 
The DFM was upgraded to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index with effect from 1 June 2014 which has led 
to an increase in interest and investment from international institutional investors in Dubai. 
Nasdaq Dubai's standards are comparable to those of leading international exchanges New York, London 
and Hong Kong. Nasdaq Dubai allows regional and international issuer's access to regional and 
international investors through primary or dual listings. Investors can access Nasdaq Dubai through a 
unique mix of regional and international brokers. 
Nasdaq Dubai currently lists equities, equity derivatives, Dubai gold securities, structured products, sukuk 
and conventional bonds. Nasdaq Dubai listed 17 sukuk with a total nominal value of over U.S.$15 billion 
listed during 2020, maintaining its position as one of the world's largest exchanges for sukuk. 
Equity listings on Nasdaq Dubai include Depa Limited, Emirates REIT, Hikma Pharmaceuticals and 
Orascom Construction Limited. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares and the number of 
executed transactions on Nasdaq Dubai, the market capitalisation of Nasdaq Dubai and the closing price as 
at 31 December of the FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 Index (which tracks 20 liquid stocks listed on the 
DFM, the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and Nasdaq Dubai) in each of the years 2016 to 2020: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Trading volume (millions) ...........................................  
138.2 
273.2 
164.6 
150.8 
189.3 
Trading value (AED millions) .....................................  
4,563.7 
4,883.7 
4,234.4 
5,920.9 
5,745.9 
Number of transactions ...............................................  
22,913 
29,518 
26,882 
40,724 
16,345 
Market capitalisation (AED millions) ..........................  
58,118.1 
82,821.9 
57,495.8 
44,220.0 
3,435.8 
FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 year-end closing price ..  
3,293.85(1) 
3288.69 
3074.32 
3,184.38 
3,061.74 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, Nasdaq Dubai. 
Notes: 
(1) 
As at 29 December 2016.

--- Page 157 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes and does not constitute legal or tax 
advice. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the 
tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments under the Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
Dubai and the United Arab Emirates 
The following is a general summary of the current tax law and practice in Dubai and the UAE (to the extent 
applicable in Dubai) ("Dubai Law") and does not constitute legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in 
the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences under the tax 
laws of the country in which they are resident, of the purchase ownership or disposition of the Notes or any 
interest therein. 
Under existing Dubai Law, although an income tax decree has been enacted in Abu Dhabi and in Dubai 
(the Abu Dhabi Income Tax Decree 1965 (as amended) and the Dubai Income Tax Decree 1969 (as 
amended)) which provides for tax to be imposed on the taxable income of all bodies corporate which carry 
on a trade or business, the regime is not currently enforced. In practice, only companies active in the 
hydrocarbon industry, some related service industries and branches of foreign banks operating in the UAE 
have been required to pay tax. There are currently no withholding taxes required to be levied under UAE, 
Abu Dhabi or Dubai law in respect of payments on debt securities (including in relation to the Notes). In 
the event of the imposition of any withholding, the Issuer has undertaken to gross-up any payments subject 
to certain limitations, as described in Condition 7 (Taxation). 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to revise 
taxes on a federal basis for the purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries, but these are not 
extensive in number. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 158 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known 
as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number 
of jurisdictions (including the U.A.E.) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that 
are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (the "grandfathering date") generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, 
if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions – Further Issues") that have the same ISIN 
as the previously issued Notes and are not otherwise distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering date and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering date, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (as amended and/or restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 13 July 2021 agreed with the Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any 
Notes: (i) as part of their distribution at any time; and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of all Notes of the Series of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes 
from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not 
engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Notes, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms the relevant Dealer(s) 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with 
the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules"), (i) it has not 
offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not 
delivered and it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Notes 
that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules;

--- Page 160 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or 
any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued 
in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 201220 or otherwise in connection with 
the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from it for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, it repeats and confirms the representations and agreements 
contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf; and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 201220 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010)) that 
purchases any Bearer Notes from it pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer (other than a 
distributor that is one of its affiliates or is another Dealer), for the benefit of the Issuer and each 
other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the 
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D 
Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Dealer(s) 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a)  
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance of the 
Bearer Notes; and 
(b)  
in connection with the original issuance of the Bearer Notes it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such prospective purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the United States office 
of such Dealer in the offer and sale of the Bearer Notes. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:

--- Page 161 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
(i)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a Base 
Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer" in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in the UK: 
(i)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 162 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six

--- Page 163 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 
275 of the SFA except: 
(i)  
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to 
any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii)  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)  
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v)  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been 
and shall be made in France only to (i) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management 
for the account of third parties (personnes tournissant le service d'investissement pour compte de tiers), 
and/or (ii) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 to D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and any Italian securities, tax, and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it is has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell 
or deliver any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any other 
document relating to the Notes in Italy except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
applicable Italian laws, including the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (as amended, 
the "Financial Services Act") and applicable CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking 
Act") (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of 
Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 
10 August 2016); and

--- Page 164 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority. 
Switzerland 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes 
a prospectus pursuant to the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made 
to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or 
advertised by it, directly or indirectly, in or from Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA; and (ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available by it in Switzerland. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (a) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
The United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will 
not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE (excluding the DIFC) other than 
in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT Module) of the DFSA rulebook 
(the "DFSA Rulebook"); and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the "Professional Client" criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under Article 9 or Article 10 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued 
by the Board of the Capital Markets Authority (the "CMA") resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 
December 2017 (as amended by the CMA's board pursuant to resolution number 1-104-2019 dated 30

--- Page 165 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
September 2019 (the "KSA Regulations") and as further amended by the Board of the CMA resolution 
number 1-7-2021 dated 14 January 2021 (the "Amended KSA Regulations"), which provides that certain 
Articles under the KSA Regulations (including Articles 8, 9, 10 and 15 (each as referred to therein)) shall 
continue to apply until 1 January 2022, at which time such Articles shall be replaced with the amended 
Articles as set out in the Amended KSA Regulations), made through a person authorised by the CMA to 
carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the CMA under Article 10 of the 
Amended KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "sophisticated investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under 
Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes to a Saudi Investor 
will be made in compliance with Article 11 and either Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The offer of the Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 15 of the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private 
placement under Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any 
person unless the offer or sale is made through an authorised person appropriately licensed by the KSA 
CMA and: (i) the Notes are offered or sold to a Sophisticated Investor (as defined in Article 9 of the KSA 
Regulations); (ii) the price to be paid for the Notes in any one transaction is equal to or exceeds Saudi 
Riyals 1 million or an equivalent amount; or (iii) the offer or sale is otherwise in compliance with Article 
15 of the KSA Regulations. 
The PRC 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus, or the Notes or any material or information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes, have not been, and will not be 
submitted to become, approved/verified by or registered with any relevant government authorities under 
the PRC law. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the PRC and this 
Base Prospectus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for 
subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. The material or information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell 
or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by any person in the PRC. The Notes may only be 
invested by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes of the type being offered 
or sold. 
PRC investors should note that they themselves are responsible for informing themselves about observing 
all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant government approvals/licences, verifications 
and/or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities (including but not limited to 
the PBoC, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, the China Securities Regulatory 
Commission, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and/or other relevant regulatory bodies), and 
complying with all the applicable PRC regulations, including but not limited to any relevant PRC foreign 
exchange regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made, and will not make, any offers, promotions, solicitations 
for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except where permitted by the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission, the PBoC and other competent authorities or where the activity otherwise is 
permitted under the PRC law. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modifications will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of the Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and

--- Page 166 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant subscription agreement 
or dealer accession letter, as applicable.

--- Page 167 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The entry into the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme was duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board on 30 September 2009. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution 
of the Board on 25 November 2020 and 19 April 2021.  
Listing and Admission to Trading  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Euronext Dublin Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
DFSA Official List. An application may be made for any Series to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
Documents Available    
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered 
office of ENBD and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London: 
(a) 
Memorandum and Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof) of ENBD; 
(b) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of ENBD in respect of the three 
months ended 31 March 2021, together with the review report prepared in connection therewith; 
(c) 
the 2019 Annual Financial Statements and the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, in each case 
together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons);  
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein; and 
(f) 
any future base prospectuses, information memoranda, applicable Final Terms (save that the 
applicable Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a Base Prospectus is required to be 
published under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent 
as to its holding of Notes and identity) and supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
To the extent the Paying Agents are unable to make the documents listed above available for inspection at 
their specified offices in London by any event beyond its reasonable control, such Paying Agent may 
provide such documents for inspection to any Noteholder electronically, subject to such Noteholder being 
able to provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding and 
identity. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and each document incorporated by reference are available on 
the Euronext Dublin's website at https://live.euronext.com/. Copies of this Base Prospectus and each Final 
Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai are available on Nasdaq Dubai's 
website at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com. The documents set out in paragraphs (a) – (e) above will also be 
available on the website of ENBD (https://www.emiratesnbd.com/en/investor-relations/ratings-
debt/public-issuances). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code, ISIN, Financial Instrument 
Short Name ("FISN") and the Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI") code for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 168 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1 210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of ENBD is 54930029BCN8HF3B1286. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or financial performance of the 
Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
None of the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have 
in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
Deloitte have audited, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing, ENBD's Annual Financial 
Statements as stated in their report incorporated by reference herein. The address of Deloitte & Touche 
(M.E.) is Building 3, Level 6, Emaar Square, Downtown Dubai, P.O. Box 4254, Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates. 
Deloitte is regulated in the UAE by the UAE Ministry of Economy which has issued Deloitte with a license 
to practice as auditors. There is no professional institute of auditors in the UAE and, accordingly, Deloitte 
is not a member of a professional body in the UAE. All of Deloitte's audit partners are members of the 
institutes from where they received their professional qualification. 
Dealers Transacting with ENBD 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
ENBD's website  
ENBD's website is http://www.emiratesnbd.com/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, the information contained on this website is not incorporated by reference into, or 
otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 169 ---
- 160 - 
 
ISSUER 
 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Dubai law 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
To the Dealers as to English law  
 
Linklaters LLP 
Ninth Floor, Currency House  
Dubai International Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 506516  
Dubai  
United Arab Emirates 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO ENBD 
Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) 
Building 3, Level 6 
Emaar Square, Downtown Dubai 
P.O. Box 4254, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16, Boulevard des Italiens 
75009, Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 170 ---
- 161 - 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 92 547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD, Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom 
Société Genérale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor, Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland