--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
ALPHA BANK S.A
(incorporated with limited liability in the Hellenic Republic)
€8 billion Direct Issuance Global Covered Bond Programme II
Under this €8 billion direct issuance global covered bond programme II (the Programme), Alpha Bank S.A. (the Issuer) may from time to time issue 
European Covered bonds (Premium)1 (the Covered Bonds) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below).  Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer or registered form. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Base Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval by the CSSF in accordance with Article 
6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses dated 16 July 2019 should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the solvency of the Issuer 
or economic and financial soundness or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being listed and all related references shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and are intended to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II).
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Trustee (as defined below), the Arrangers (as defined below) and 
the relevant Dealer(s).  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any regulated or unregulated 
market. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €8 billion (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement), subject to increase as described herein.  The payment of all 
amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds will constitute direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, in addition to having recourse to assets 
comprising the cover pool (the Cover Pool).
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers).  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue and, in relation to an issue of Covered Bonds subscribed 
by one Dealer, be to such Dealer.
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and will expire on 21 February 2024. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") of Covered Bonds will 
be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Covered Bonds to be 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com).  The 
Issuer has been rated Caa1(long-term) and NP (short-term) by Moody's Investors Cyprus Limited, B- (long-term) and B (short-term) by Standard and 
Poor’s Credit Market Services Italy, Srl (S&P) and CCC+  (long term) and C (short-term) by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch).  Each of Moody's, S&P 
and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  As 
such each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme may be rated by Moody's (or such other ratings that may be agreed by the Rating Agencies from time to time) or unrated.  Where a 
Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR which constitute “benchmarks” under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and SONIA as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator EURIBOR ((European Money Markets Institute) is included in European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) 
register of administrators under Article 36 the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The administrator of SONIA is not included in the ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.
1 
No new Covered Bonds will be issued unless and until the board of directors of the Issuer has authorised the issuance of Covered Bonds 
under the European Covered Bonds (Premium) label, with such authorisation expected to occur on or around 23 February 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
2
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.  Please review and consider the risk 
factors beginning on page 39 of this Base Prospectus carefully before you purchase any Covered Bonds.
Arrangers
Barclays and Alpha Bank S.A.
Dealers
Barclays and Alpha Bank S.A.
(or to be selected from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement)
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 February 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and declares that, having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information.  Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has 
been accurately reproduced (and is clearly sourced where it appears in the document) and, as far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
Copies of each Final Terms (in the case of Covered Bonds to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agents for 
the time being in London or, in Luxembourg, at the office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below).  This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of 
this Base Prospectus.
Each Series (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds may be issued without the prior consent of the holders of 
any outstanding Covered Bonds (the Covered Bondholders) subject to the terms and conditions set out herein 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" (the Conditions) as completed by the Final Terms. Each 
Series of Covered Bonds, including any outstanding Covered Bonds, are subject to the terms and conditions 
set out under the Conditions.  This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements 
hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series of Covered 
Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  
All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and pro rata without any preference or priority among themselves, 
irrespective of their Series, except for the timing of repayment of principal and the timing and amount of 
interest payable. 
The Issuer confirmed to the Dealers named under "General Description of the Programme" below that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Covered Bonds) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is 
not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit 
to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context 
of the Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer.
Neither the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee, the Agents, the Account Bank (each as defined herein) nor any 
of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them 
makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any

--- Page 4 ---
4
event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the 
Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered 
Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, and each of the Dealers to inform themselves about and 
to observe any such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Covered Bonds and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds, see "Subscription and Sale".  In particular, Covered Bonds have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) and 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.  Covered Bonds may be offered and sold outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S).
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is

--- Page 5 ---
5
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product Governance which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, 
the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Covered Bonds.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer.
Each investor contemplating investing in any Covered Bond should: (i) determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in (including incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer and such Covered Bonds and (iii) make its own determination of the suitability of any such 
investment in light of its own circumstances, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and 
experience, and any other factors that are relevant to it in connection with such investment, in each case, based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary.
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €8 billion (and for this purpose, the principal amount outstanding of any Covered 
Bonds denominated in another currency shall be converted into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such 
Covered Bonds (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement)).  The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme 
Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale").
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a Member State are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended.
In this Base Prospectus, all references to Greece or to the Greek State are to the Hellenic Republic.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area or the UK which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (the Member

--- Page 6 ---
6
State) must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that 
Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds.  
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer to the public of Covered Bonds in that Relevant 
Member State, may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arrangers or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer to the 
public.  Neither the Issuer, the Arrangers nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arrangers or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer to the public.
In connection with the issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds.  Any stabilisation or 
over allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should:
(a)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and/or the applicable Final Terms;
(b)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(c)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(d)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and
(e)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of financial and/or legal advisers) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 7 ---
7
Unless otherwise specified herein, all references in this Base Prospectus to the "Group" are to Alpha Bank 
S.A. and its subsidiaries and subsidiary undertakings from time to time.  
Any references to “Holdings Group” are to Alpha Services and Holdings S.A. and its subsidiaries and 
subsidiary undertakings from time to time.  Following the Hive Down (as described in "The Issuer and the 
Group – Hive Down" and as defined below), Alpha Holdings (which, prior to the Hive Down, was called Alpha 
Bank S.A.) became the holding company of the Group and the Issuer was incorporated and registered in the 
Hellenic Republic as the operating company of the Group.  Alpha Holdings is the parent of the Issuer and owns 
all of its shares.
All references in this Base Prospectus to Alpha Holdings and the Issuer should be read and construed in 
accordance with the Hive Down. Accordingly, references in this Base Prospectus to Alpha Holdings or to the 
Issuer in relation to events or actions that took place prior to the completion of the Hive Down are references 
to Alpha Bank S.A. (as that company existed and operated at the relevant time).
All references in this Base Prospectus to:

the 2019 Strategic Plan are to the strategic plan of Alpha Holdings approved and announced by the 
Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings in November 2019; and

the Updated Strategic Plan are to the updated strategic plan of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer 
approved and announced by the Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings on 24 May 2021.
All references in this Base Prospectus to Greece or to the Greek state are to the Hellenic Republic.
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 8 ---
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
General Description of the Programme ..............................................................................................................9
Programme Description ...................................................................................................................................12
Risk Factors.......................................................................................................................................................39
Documents Incorporated by Reference.............................................................................................................84
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds ...................................................................................................87
Forms of the Covered Bonds ..........................................................................................................................133
Applicable Final Terms...................................................................................................................................138
Third Party Information ..................................................................................................................................147
Insolvency of the Issuer ..................................................................................................................................152
Use of Proceeds...............................................................................................................................................153
Overview of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation.........................................................................................154
The Issuer and the Group................................................................................................................................160
Business of the Group.....................................................................................................................................177
Risk Management ...........................................................................................................................................192
Directors and Management .............................................................................................................................206
Selected Consolidated Financial Information of the Group............................................................................227
Overview of the Banking Services Sector in Greece......................................................................................229
The Mortgage and Housing Market in Greece................................................................................................231
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece ............................................................................................240
Description of the Transaction Documents.....................................................................................................295
Taxation ..........................................................................................................................................................315
Subscription and Sale......................................................................................................................................318
General Information........................................................................................................................................324
Index................................................................................................................................................................327

--- Page 9 ---
9
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that 
Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which 
event, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published.
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this summary.
PRINCIPAL PARTIES
Issuer
Alpha Bank S.A. (Alpha  or the Issuer)
The Issuer was incorporated on 16 April 2021 and registered in the 
Hellenic Republic as a limited liability company (under G.E.MI. number 
159029160000 and Tax Identification Number 996807331) operating 
under the laws of the Hellenic Republic.
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI)
213800DBQIB6VBNU5C64
Arrangers
Each of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Alpha Bank S.A. (together the 
Arrangers and, each of them, an Arranger).
Dealer(s)
Each of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Alpha and/or any other dealers 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement.
Servicer
Alpha (in its capacity as the servicer and, together with any replacement 
servicer appointed pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
from time to time (the Servicer) will service the Loans and Related 
Security in the Cover Pool pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed.
The Servicer shall also undertake certain notification and reporting 
services together with account handling services in relation to moneys 
from time to time standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and 
cash management activities (the Servicing and Cash Management 
Services) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, including the calculation of the 
Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test.  See "Servicing and collection 
procedures" below. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent auditors and accountants appointed 
pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement in accordance with article 15 of 
the Covered Bond Law as an independent monitor to perform certain tests 
and recalculations in respect of, inter alia, (i) the Statutory Tests when 
required in accordance with the requirements of the Covered Bond Law 
and (ii) the Amortisation Test when required in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. 
acting through its office at 260 Kifissias Avenue, GR-15232 Halandri,

--- Page 10 ---
10
Greece has agreed to act as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor) pursuant to 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Account Bank
HSBC Bank plc acting through its office at 8 Canada Square, London E14 
5HQ has agreed to act as account bank (the Account Bank) pursuant to 
the Bank Account Agreement.
In the event that the Account Bank ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the 
Servicer will be obliged to transfer the Transaction Account to a credit 
institution with the appropriate minimum ratings.
Eligible Institution means any bank whose Long-Term Bank Deposit 
rating is at least the Moody's Required Rating by Moody's (or such other 
ratings that may be agreed by the parties to the Bank Account Agreement 
and the Rating Agencies from time to time), provided that such ratings are 
always sufficient for the Covered Bonds to comply with Article 129(1)(c) 
of the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No.575/2013; 
Moody's Required Rating means a Long-Term Bank Deposit rating of 
Baa3 by Moody's;
Principal Paying Agent
HSBC Bank plc (the Principal Paying Agent and, together with any agent 
appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement, the Paying 
Agents).  The Principal Paying Agent will act as such pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement.
Transfer Agent
HSBC Bank plc has been appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement as 
transfer agent (the Transfer Agent).
Registrar
HSBC Bank plc has been appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement as 
registrar (the Registrar). 
Trustee
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited acting through its office 
at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ (the Trustee) has been appointed 
to act as bond trustee for the Covered Bondholders in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and will also act as security trustee to hold the benefit of 
all security granted by the Issuer (on trust for itself, the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors) under the Deed of Charge 
and the Statutory Pledge granted pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation, acting also in its capacity as bondholder agent under the 
Covered Bond Law, performing its various duties and powers granted to it 
under the provisions of the Covered Bond Law to the benefit of the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors.  See "Security for 
the Covered Bonds" below.  
Covered Bond means each covered bond issued or to be issued pursuant 
to the Programme Agreement and which is or is to be constituted under the 
Trust Deed, which covered bond may be represented by a Global Covered 
Bond or any Definitive Covered Bond and includes any replacements for 
a Covered Bond issued pursuant to Condition 12 (Replacement of Covered 
Bonds, Coupons and Talons).
Covered Bondholders means the several persons who are for the time 
being holders of outstanding Covered Bonds (being, in the case of Bearer

--- Page 11 ---
11
Covered Bonds, the bearers thereof and, in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds, the several persons whose names are entered in the register of 
holders of the Registered Covered Bonds as the holders thereof) save that, 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series, for so long as such Covered 
Bonds or any part thereof are represented by a Bearer Global Covered 
Bond deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or so long as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or its 
nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond, 
each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than Clearstream, Luxembourg, if 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be an accountholder of Euroclear and 
Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be an accountholder of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), as the holder of a particular principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series shall be deemed to be the holder of such principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds (and the holder of the relevant Global 
Covered Bond shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds.
Hedging Counterparties
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into Hedging Agreements with 
various swap providers to hedge certain currency and/or other risks (each 
a Covered Bond Swap Provider) and interest risks (each an Interest Rate 
Swap Provider and, together with the Covered Bond Swap Providers, the 
Hedging Counterparties and each a Hedging Counterparty) associated 
with the Covered Bonds.  The Hedging Counterparties will act as such 
pursuant to the relevant Hedging Agreements (as defined herein).  Each 
Hedging Counterparty will be required to satisfy the conditions under 
Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law and under Section F of Chapter III of 
the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation. 
Listing Agent
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA acting through its offices at 69 
route d'Esch, Luxembourg L-2963, Luxembourg (the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent).
Rating Agencies
In respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, Moody's Investors Service 
Limited (Moody's) and any other rating agency rating such Series of 
Covered Bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Rating 
Agencies and each a Rating Agency ).

--- Page 12 ---
12
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION
Description
Alpha €8 billion Direct Issuance Global Covered Bond Programme II.
Programme Amount
Up to €8 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies determined as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time as 
described herein.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each 
other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
such Series.  Save in respect of the first issue of Covered Bonds, Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing 
Series of Covered Bonds or have different terms from an existing Series of 
Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series).  The 
Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to Condition 16 (Further Issues). 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) and Series means 
a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest-bearing 
Covered Bonds, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and 
including) which the relevant Covered Bonds will accrue interest.
Final Terms
Final terms (the Final Terms) will be issued and published in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds" (the Conditions) prior to the issue of each Series 
or Tranche detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes 
of that Series only, complete the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and 
must be read in conjunction with the Conditions and the Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series are the 
Conditions completed by the relevant Final Terms.
Conditions Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds that (i) there is no Issuer Event outstanding and that such 
issuance would not cause an Issuer Event, (ii) such issuance would not 
result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) the Rating Agencies 
have been notified of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been notified 
to the Bank of Greece in accordance with Article 20(4) of the Covered 
Bond Law and (v) if applicable, in respect of that Series or Tranche, a 
Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
Proceeds of the Issue of 
Covered Bonds
The gross proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the 
Issuer to fund its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 13 ---
13
Form of Covered Bonds
The Covered Bonds will be issued in either bearer or registered form, see 
"Forms of the Covered Bonds".  Registered Covered Bonds will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
Issue Dates
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (each, the Issue Date in relation to such Series or Tranche).
Specified Currency
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such currency or 
currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).
Denominations
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.  The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will be 
at least €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, at least the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
other higher amount as is required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency.
Redenomination
Certain Covered Bonds may be redenominated in Euro in accordance with 
the redenomination provisions set out in Condition 6.8 (Redenomination).  
The applicable Final Terms will set out whether the redenomination 
provisions of Condition 6.8 (Redenomination) are applicable to a 
particular Series of Covered Bonds.
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds), which will be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date and on the applicable redemption 
date and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms).
Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds bear 
interest at a floating rate (Floating Rate Covered Bonds).  Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service; or
(c)
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s),
as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate (the Margin) will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
ISDA.
Other provisions in relation 
to Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, 
a Minimum Rate of Interest or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms).  Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms).
Interest Period means, in accordance with Condition 5 (Interest), the 
period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.
Maximum Rate of Interest means in respect of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds the percentage rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Minimum Rate of Interest means in respect of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds the percentage rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Covered Bonds, bearing no 
interest (Zero Coupon Covered Bonds), may be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount.
Ranking of the Covered 
Bonds
All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and pro rata without any 
preference among themselves, irrespective of their Series, for all purposes 
except for the timing of the repayment of principal and the timing and 
amount of interest payable.
Taxation
All payments of principal, interest and other proceeds (if any) on the 
Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, unless the 
Issuer is required by applicable law to make such a withholding or 
deduction.  In the event that such withholding, or deduction is required by 
law, there will be no requirement to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of such withholding or deduction.  See Condition 8 (Taxation).
Status of the Covered Bonds
The Covered Bonds are covered bonds eligible for the labal “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” (in Greek “Ευρωπαϊκό Καλυμμένο Ομόλογο 
(Ανωτέρας Ποιότητας)” and are issued on an unconditional basis and in 
accordance with Law 4920/2022 (published in the Government Gazette No 
74/15.04.2022), (the Covered Bond Law) and a decision nr. 
215/03.02.2023 of the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece issued 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Law (the Secondary Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation and, together with the Covered Bond Law, the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation), provided that no new Covered Bonds will be 
issued unless and until the board of directors of the Issuer has authorised 
the issuance of Covered Bonds under the European Covered Bonds

--- Page 15 ---
15
(Premium) label, with such authorisation expected to occur on or around 
23 February 2023.  The Covered Bonds are backed by assets forming the 
Cover Pool of the Issuer and to the extent that such assets are governed by 
Greek law, have the benefit of a statutory pledge established by operation 
of law pursuant to Article 14(2) of the Covered Bond Law (the Statutory 
Pledge) by virtue of registration statement(s) filed with the Athens Pledge 
Registry (each a Registration Statement) pursuant to Article 14(4) of the 
Covered Bond Law.  The form of the Registration Statement is defined in 
Ministerial Decision No 95630/8-9-2008 (published in the Government 
Gazette No 1858/B/12-9-2008) of the Minister of Justice.  See also 
"Overview of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation" below. 
Payments on the Covered 
Bonds
Payments on the Covered Bonds will be direct and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer.
Prior to an Issuer Event and prior to service of a Notice of Default, on each 
Interest Payment Date, the Issuer will apply any funds available to it 
(including, but not limited to, funds arising in relation to the assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool) to pay all items which are listed in the Pre 
Event of Default Priority of Payment.
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event (but prior to service of a Notice of 
Default) on each Programme Payment Date, the Servicer will apply the 
Covered Bonds Available Funds in accordance with the Pre Event of 
Default Priority of Payments.
After the service of a Notice of Default, all funds deriving from the Cover 
Pool Assets, the Transaction Documents and standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account shall be applied on any Athens Business Day in 
accordance with the Post Event of Default Priority of Payments.  See also 
"Priority of Payments following the delivery of a Notice of Default" below.
Security for the Covered 
Bonds
In accordance with the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, by virtue of the 
Transaction Documents and pursuant to any Registration Statement, the 
Cover Pool and all cashflows derived therefrom (including any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Collection Account or the Third Party 
Collection Account) will be available to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer 
to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors in priority to 
the Issuer's obligations to any other creditors, until the repayment in full of 
the Covered Bonds.
Pursuant to the Deed of Charge, security will be created for the benefit of 
the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Creditors in respect of the Hedging 
Agreements, the other English law governed Transaction Documents 
(other than the Deed of Charge and the Trust Deed) and the Asset Monitor 
Agreement.
Secured Creditors means the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders, 
the Trustee, any Receiver, any Appointee, the Asset Monitor, the Account 
Bank, the Agents, the Servicer, the Hedging Counterparties and any other 
creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any transaction document entered into in 
the course of the Programme having recourse to the Cover Pool.
Receiver means any person or persons appointed (and any additional 
person or persons appointed or substituted) as an administrative receiver,

--- Page 16 ---
16
receiver, manager, or receiver and manager of the Charged Property by the 
Trustee pursuant to the Deed of Charge.
Agents means the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
any Calculation Agent.
Charged Property means the property, assets and undertakings charged 
by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 3 of the Deed of Charge together with, 
where applicable, the property pledged pursuant to the Statutory Pledge.
Cross-collateralisation and 
Recourse
By operation of the Covered Bond Law and in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool Assets shall form a single 
portfolio, irrespective of the date of assignment to the Cover Pool and shall 
be held for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors irrespective of the Issue Date of the relevant Series.  The Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors shall have recourse to the 
Cover Pool.
The Cover Pool Assets may not be seized or attached in any form by 
creditors of the Issuer other than by the Trustee on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors.
In order to ensure that the Cover Pool is, at any time, sufficient to meet the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall be entitled, within certain limits and upon certain conditions, to effect 
certain changes to the Cover Pool Assets comprising the Cover Pool.  See 
"Optional changes to the Cover Pool" below.
Issue Price
Covered Bonds of each Series may be issued at par or at a premium or 
discount to par on a fully-paid basis (in each case, the Issue Price for such 
Series or Tranche) as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
such Series.
Interest Payment Dates
In relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the Interest Payment Dates will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be).
Programme Payment Date
The 20th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year and 
if such day is not an Athens Business Day, the first Athens Business Day 
thereafter or, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event and for so long 
as an Issuer Event is continuing, the 20th calendar day of each month of 
each year and if such day is not an Athens Business Day, the first Athens 
Business Day thereafter (the Programme Payment Date).
Athens Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Athens.
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity or that 
such Series of Covered Bonds can be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity for taxation reasons in the manner set out in Condition 7 
(Redemption and Purchase), or that such Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bondholders 
upon giving notice to the Covered Bondholders or the Issuer (as the case

--- Page 17 ---
17
may be), on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at least 100 per cent. of its nominal 
value on its scheduled maturity date.
Final maturity and 
extendable obligations 
under the Covered Bonds:
The final maturity date for each Series (the Final Maturity Date) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms or 
previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the Covered Bonds of 
each Series will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on the 
relevant Final Maturity Date or (as described below), such Covered Bonds 
will become Pass Through Covered Bonds. If the Covered Bonds are not 
redeemed in full on the relevant Final Maturity Date this will constitute an 
Issuer Event upon which the Covered Bonds will become Pass Through 
Covered Bonds with an Extended Final Maturity Date. If the Covered 
Bonds are not redeemed in full on the Extended Final Maturity Date, then 
the Trustee shall serve a Notice of Default on the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement).  Following the service 
of a Notice of Default the Covered Bonds of each Series shall become 
immediately due and payable. 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant Covered Bonds to pay the Principal Amount 
Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may be deferred past the 
Final Maturity Date until the extended final maturity date (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) (such date the Extended Final Maturity 
Date).  In such case, such deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer 
fails to pay any amount representing the amount due on the Final Maturity 
Date as set out in the Final Terms (the Final Redemption Amount) in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity 
Date provided that, any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid 
by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) 
the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue 
and be payable on any unpaid amounts on each Interest Payment Date up 
to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5 
(Interest) and the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will make payments 
on each relevant Interest Payment Date and Extended Final Maturity Date.
The Final Redemption Amount will not be less than the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Covered Bonds.
Principal Amount Outstanding means in respect of a Covered Bond on 
any day the principal amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue 
Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant Covered 
Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day provided that the 
Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Covered Bond that has been 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer shall 
be zero.

--- Page 18 ---
18
Accumulation Covered 
Bonds
Following an Issuer Event, each Series of Covered Bonds where on any 
relevant date, the Final Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds is 
not more than 6 months following such date, shall be Accumulation 
Covered Bonds.
In relation to each Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall 
credit an amount equal to the relevant Pro Rata Accumulation Amount to 
the relevant Accumulation Sub-Ledger on each Programme Payment Date 
prior to the Final Maturity Date of such series of Covered Bonds.  Amounts 
credited to the relevant Accumulation Sub-Ledger will be used to pay 
amounts due in respect of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant series of Accumulation Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity 
Date.
Pro Rata Accumulation 
Amount
Pro Rata Accumulation Amount means in respect of any relevant Series 
of Accumulation Covered Bonds on each Programme Payment Date an 
amount equal to
C
B
A 
Where
A
= the Covered Bonds Available Funds on such Programme Payment 
Date minus all amounts due in respect of items (a) to (g) of the 
Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments;
B
= the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds less any amount 
credited to the Accumulation Sub-Ledger in respect of such 
Series on such Programme Payment Date; and
C
= the aggregate of the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Pass Through Covered Bonds and 
Accumulation Covered Bonds which are paid pari passu with the 
relevant Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds paid in 
accordance with paragraph (h) of the Pre Event of Default 
Priority of Payments, minus any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Accumulation Ledger on such Programme Payment Date.
Pass Through Covered 
Bonds
On and following an Issuer Event, those Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Final Redemption Amount has not been paid in full on the Final 
Maturity Date (taking into account any grace periods); and following a 
breach of the Amortisation Test, all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds 
will become Pass Through Covered Bonds.
Upon a Series of Covered Bonds becoming a Series of Pass Through 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer will pay principal amounts on each such Series 
to the extent it has amounts available for the purpose in accordance with 
the Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments on each Interest Payment 
Date until such Series is redeemed in full.

--- Page 19 ---
19
Ratings
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a rating by each 
of the Rating Agencies as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
Approval, listing and 
admission to trading
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus.  Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme after the date 
hereof to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.
Covered Bonds may be unlisted or may be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on other stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue.  The 
Final Terms relating to each Tranche of the Covered Bonds will state 
whether or not the Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which other stock exchanges or markets.
Clearing Systems
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), and/or Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg) in relation to any Series of 
Covered Bonds or any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Selling Restrictions
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including the United 
Kingdom, the Hellenic Republic and Luxembourg) and Japan and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds.  See "Subscription and 
Sale" below.
United States Selling 
Restrictions 
Bearer Covered Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) (the D Rules), 
unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that the Bearer Covered Bonds are 
issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the C Rules), or (ii) the Bearer 
Covered Bonds are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or 
the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Bearer Covered Bonds will 
not constitute "registration required obligations" under the U.S. Tax Equity 
and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA 
is not applicable.
Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation
The Covered Bonds will be issued pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation.
For further information on the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, see 
"Overview of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation" below.
Governing law
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Trust Deed, the Deed of 
Charge, the Agency Agreement, the Bank Account Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and each Hedging

--- Page 20 ---
20
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with any of them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. The Asset Monitor Agreement will be 
governed by and construed in accordance with Greek law.
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with any of them will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law, save that the Statutory Pledge referred to in 
Condition 3 (Status of the Covered Bonds), will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with Greek law.

--- Page 21 ---
21
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL
The Cover Pool
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Issuer will be entitled 
to create the Statutory Pledge over the Cover Pool Assets.
By virtue of the Registration Statement(s) filed with the Athens Pledge 
Registry on or prior to the Issue Date for the first Series of Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer shall segregate the Cover Pool in connection with the issuance 
of Covered Bonds for the satisfaction of the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors.  See "Principal Description 
of the Documents" – "The Servicing and Cash Management Deed".
CHANGES TO THE COVER POOL
Optional changes to the 
Cover Pool
The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration Statement so 
providing and subject to the satisfaction of the requirements in the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, to allocate to the Cover Pool 
Additional Cover Pool Assets and/or remove or substitute Cover Pool 
Assets.
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer shall 
form part of the Cover Pool.
Upon any addition to the Cover Pool of any Additional Cover Pool Assets 
where the relevant transfer date is also an Issue Date or the Issuer ceases 
to have the Minimum Credit Ratings, the Issuer shall deliver a solvency 
certificate stating that the Issuer is, at such time, solvent.
Issuer Insolvency Event means in relation to the Issuer:
(a)
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
liquidation or winding up of the Issuer, except for the purposes of 
a reconstruction, amalgamation or merger or following the transfer 
of all or substantially all of the assets of the relevant entity;
(b)
the Issuer stops or shall be unable to, or shall admit inability to, 
pay its debts as they fall due, or shall be adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent by a court of competent jurisdiction; 
(c)
a receiver, trustee or other similar official shall be appointed in 
relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or over half of the 
assets of the Issuer or an encumbrancer shall take possession of the 
whole or over half of the assets of the Issuer, or a distress or 
execution or other process shall be levied or enforced upon or sued 
out against the whole or (in the opinion of the Trustee) a substantial 
part of the assets of the Issuer and in any of the foregoing cases it 
or he shall not be discharged within 60 days; 
(d)
the imposition on the Issuer of resolution measures in accordance 
with articles 37ff of Greek law 4335/2015; or

--- Page 22 ---
22
(e)
a supervisor (Epitropos) of the Issuer is appointed in accordance 
with article 137 of Greek law 4261/2014 or Issuer is placed in 
liquidation in accordance with article 145 of Greek law 4261/2014.
Greek Bankruptcy Code means Greek law 3588/2007, as amended and 
currently in force.
Minimum Credit Rating means a long term credit rating of at least Ba3 
by Moody’s.
Rating Agency Confirmation means a confirmation in writing by 
Moody's that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds will not be 
adversely affected by or withdrawn as a result of the relevant event or 
matter (and in the case of any other Rating Agency, such Rating Agency 
has been notified).
Disposal of the Loan Assets
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing (but prior 
to the service of a Notice of Default), the Servicer, or any person appointed 
by the Servicer, acting in the name and on behalf of the Issuer, or the 
Trustee, as the case may be, will be obliged to try to sell in whole or in part 
the Loan Assets in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed.  The proceeds from any such sale will be credited 
to the Transaction Account and applied in accordance with the relevant Pre 
Event of Default Priority of Payments.
In certain circumstances the Issuer shall have the right to prevent the sale 
of Loan Assets to third parties by removing the Loan Assets made subject 
to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring within ten Athens Business 
Days from the receipt of an offer letter, to the Transaction Account, an 
amount equal to the then Outstanding Principal Balance of the Selected 
Loans and the relevant portion of all arrears of interest and accrued interest 
relating thereto, subject to the provision of a solvency certificate.  See 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed".
The Issuer may also participate in any process pursuant to which Loan 
Assets are offered for sale to third parties by submitting a bid for such 
assets in accordance with the sale process undertaken with respect to the 
relevant Loan Assets.
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and service of a Notice of 
Default, the Trustee may (and shall if directed by the Covered 
Bondholders) direct the Servicer to dispose of part or all of the Cover Pool.  
The Cover Pool Assets shall include any Selected Loans which have 
previously been selected for disposal in relation to any Series of Covered 
Bonds but which have not yet been sold.
Undertakings of the Issuer 
in respect of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Issuer or the Servicer 
undertakes to manage the Cover Pool in the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors and undertakes to take in a 
timely manner, any actions required in order to ensure that the servicing of 
the Loan Assets is conducted in accordance with the collection policy and 
recovery procedure applicable to the Issuer.

--- Page 23 ---
23
Representations and 
Warranties of the Issuer
Under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer has made and 
will make certain representations and warranties regarding itself and the 
Cover Pool Assets including, inter alia:
(a)
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the Transaction 
Documents and assume the obligations expressed to be assumed 
by it therein;
(b)
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of the 
obligations assumed by it;
(c)
the existence of the Cover Pool Assets; 
(d)
the absence of any lien attaching to the Cover Pool Assets;
(e)
its full, unconditional, legal title to the Cover Pool Assets; and
(f)
the validity and enforceability against the relevant debtors of the 
obligations from which the Cover Pool Assets arise. 
Eligibility Criteria
Each Loan Asset to be included in the Cover Pool shall comply with the 
following criteria (the Eligibility Criteria):
(a)
each Loan is an existing loan made to Borrowers who are 
individuals, is denominated in Euro and made to Borrowers who 
are resident in a Member State of the European Union which has 
adopted the Euro; 
(b)
each Loan is governed by Greek law and the terms and conditions 
of such Loan do not provide for the jurisdiction of any court 
outside Greece;
(c)
the nominal value of each Loan remains a debt, which has not been 
paid or discharged;
(d)
in respect of any Loan that is granted to an employee of the Issuer 
(a Staff Loan), the inclusion of such Staff Loan would not cause 
the aggregate value of all Staff Loans in the Cover Pool to exceed 
8 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover Pool;
(e)
in respect of any Loan that is subsidised (a Subsidised Loan), the 
inclusion of such Subsidised Loan would not cause the aggregate 
value of all Subsidised Loans in the Cover Pool to exceed 3 per 
cent. of the aggregate value of the Cover Pool;
(f)
each Loan is secured against completed properties only;
(g)
each Loan is secured by a valid and enforceable first ranking 
mortgage and/or mortgage pre-notation over property located in 
Greece that may be used for residential purposes;
(h)
notwithstanding (g) above, if the mortgage and/or mortgage pre-
notation is lower ranking, (i) the Issuer has determined to its

--- Page 24 ---
24
satisfaction acting as a prudent mortgage lender that there are no 
actual claims capable of being made in connection with such prior 
ranking mortgages or pre-notations; or (ii) the Loans that rank 
higher have also been originated by the Issuer (or, as applicable, 
are Loans the legal and beneficial title to which are held by the 
Issuer) and are included in the Cover Pool;
(i)
all lending criteria and preconditions applied by the relevant 
Originator's credit policy and customary lending procedures have 
been satisfied with regards to the granting of each Loan; and
(j)
each Loan is either a fixed or floating rate Loan or a combination 
of both.
Originator means the Issuer, the Issuer, Ioniki Bank (M.A.E. registered 
number 6063/06/A/86/0), Emporiki Bank (G.E.MI. registered number 
223901000, registered office at Sofokleous 11, 10559, Athens Greece) or 
any other credit institution originating mortgage loans acquired by the 
Issuer from time to time.
Monitoring of the Cover 
Pool
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall verify that the 
following tests will apply:
(a)
the Cover Pool satisfies the Nominal Value Test on each 
Calculation Date falling in January, April, July and 
October of each year;
(b)
the Cover Pool satisfies the Net Present Value Test on 
each Calculation Date falling in January, April, July and 
October of each year; and
(c)
the Cover Pool satisfies the Interest Coverage Test on each 
Calculation Date falling in January, April, July and 
October of each year,
(collectively, the Statutory Tests and each a Statutory Test).
Calculation Date means the Athens Business Day which falls five Athens 
Business Days prior to each Programme Payment Date.
Statutory Tests
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Cover Pool is subject 
to the Statutory Tests as set out in the Covered Bond Law, as this may be 
supplemented by a decision of the Bank of Greece to be issued pursuant to 
and on the basis of the Covered Bond Law.  
Failure of the Issuer to cure a breach of any one of the Statutory Tests 
within five Athens Business Days will result in (i) an Issuer Event and 
(ii) the Issuer not being able to issue further Covered Bonds.  See 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed".
In addition, so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer 
will comply with the provisions of the Covered Bond Law.

--- Page 25 ---
25
Breach of Statutory Tests
If on a Calculation Date any one or more of the Statutory Tests (as set out 
above) being tested on such Calculation Date are not satisfied, the Issuer 
must cure any breach(es) of the relevant Statutory Tests within 5 Athens 
Business Days, failing which an Issuer Event shall occur. 
The Issuer or (where Alpha is not the Servicer) the Servicer, as the case 
may be will immediately notify the Trustee of any breach of any of the 
Statutory Tests. 
In the event that the Issuer breaches any Statutory Test, the Issuer will not 
be permitted to issue any further Covered Bonds until such time as such 
Statutory Test breach has been cured.
Amortisation Test
In addition to the Statutory Tests and pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event and so long as 
a Notice of Default has not been served, the Cover Pool will be subject to 
the Amortisation Test.  The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that 
the Cover Pool Assets are sufficient to meet the obligations under all 
Covered Bonds outstanding together with senior expenses that rank in 
priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds.
The Amortisation Test will be tested by the Servicer on each Calculation 
Date following an Issuer Event. A breach of the Amortisation Test will 
cause all the Series of Covered Bonds to become Pass Through Covered 
Bonds.
The Issuer or (where Alpha is not the Servicer) the Servicer, as the case 
may be will immediately notify the Trustee of any breach of the 
Amortisation Test.
Amendment to definitions
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed will provide that the definitions 
of Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and 
Amortisation Test may be amended by the Issuer (without the consent of 
the Trustee and/or the Covered Bondholders) from time to time as a 
consequence of, inter alia, including in the Cover Pool Additional Cover 
Pool Assets that are New Asset Types and/or changes to the hedging 
policies or servicing and collection procedures of Alpha and/or as a result 
of any updates, amendments or supplements to the Covered Bond 
Legislation, provided that Moody's has provided confirmation in writing 
that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected 
within 15 days of such notification by, or withdrawn as a result of such 
amendment.  The Servicing and Cash Management Deed shall set forth the 
conditions for any such amendment to be effected. 
See "Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed – Amendment to definitions ".
Issuer Events
Prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of an Event of Default, if any 
of the following events (each, an Issuer Event) occurs:
(a)
an Issuer Insolvency Event;

--- Page 26 ---
26
(b)
the Issuer fails to pay any principal on the Final Maturity Date or 
interest in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds within a period 
of seven Athens Business Days from the due date thereof;
(c)
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of 
any obligation, condition or provision binding on it (other than any 
obligation for the payment of amounts due under the Covered 
Bonds or Coupons of any Series) under the Trust Deed, the Deed 
of Charge or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer 
is a party which, in the opinion of the Trustee, would have a 
materially prejudicial effect on the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series, and (except where such default is or 
the effects of such default are, in the opinion of the Trustee, not 
capable of remedy when no such continuation and notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) such default continues for 
30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after 
written notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer requiring 
the default to be remedied; 
(d)
any present or future Indebtedness in respect of moneys borrowed 
or raised in an amount of €15,000,000 or more (other than 
Indebtedness under this Programme) of the Issuer becomes due 
and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof as extended by any 
grace period originally applicable thereto; or if any present or 
future guarantee of, or indemnity given by the Issuer in respect of 
such Indebtedness is not honoured when called upon or within any 
grace period originally applicable thereto;
(e)
if there is a breach of a Statutory Test on a Calculation Date and 
such breach is not remedied within five Athens Business Days; or
(f)
if it is or will (in the opinion of the Trustee, having taken legal 
advice from a reputable firm of lawyers or a reputable legal expert) 
become unlawful or illegal for the Issuer to comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds or any of the 
Transaction Documents where such unlawfulness or illegality 
cannot be remedied and, in the case of an unlawfulness or illegality 
which can be remedied, is not remedied within 30 days after 
written notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer requiring 
the same to be remedied,
then (for as long as such Issuer Event is continuing) (i) no further Covered 
Bonds will be issued, (ii) the Servicer will procure that any and all 
payments due under the Cover Pool Assets are paid henceforth directly into 
the Transaction Account or the Third Party Collection Account (as 
applicable) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 
(iii) all collections of principal and interest on the Cover Pool Assets will 
be dedicated exclusively to the payment of interest and repayment of 
principal on the Covered Bonds and to the fulfilment of the obligations of 
the Issuer vis-à-vis the Secured Creditors in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, (iv) if Alpha is the Servicer, its appointment as 
Servicer will be terminated and a Replacement Servicer will be appointed 
pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the

--- Page 27 ---
27
Greek Covered Bond Legislation and (v)  the Servicer or, as applicable, the 
Replacement Servicer, appointed pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed will be obliged to sell in whole or in part the Loan 
Assets in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed See "Description of the Transaction Documents –  
Servicing and Cash Management Deed".
Authorised Investments
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer is 
entitled in its discretion prior to an occurrence of an Issuer Event to draw 
sums from time to time standing to the credit of the Transaction Account 
for purchasing Authorised Investments.  See "Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash Management Deed".
Servicing and collection 
procedures
The Servicer will be responsible for the servicing of the Cover Pool, 
including, inter alia, for the following activities:
(a)
collection and recovery in respect of each Cover Pool Asset;
(b)
administration and management of the Cover Pool;
(c)
management of any judicial or extra judicial proceeding connected 
to the Cover Pool;
(d)
keeping accounting records of the amounts due and collected 
under the Loan Assets and the Hedging Agreements;
(e)
preparation of quarterly reports relating to the relevant 
immediately preceding Programme Payment Period (the Servicer 
Reports) (to be submitted to the Issuer, the Trustee (if requested), 
the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agencies) on the amounts due 
by debtors, and on the collections and recoveries made in respect 
of the Loan Assets and Hedging Agreements; and
(f)
carrying out the reconciliation of the amounts due and the amounts 
effectively paid by the Borrowers under the Loans on the relevant 
Programme Payment Date.
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOW STRUCTURE:
Collection Account
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, Alpha will 
deposit on a daily basis within one Athens Business Day of receipt, all 
collections of interest and principal it receives on the Cover Pool Assets 
and all moneys received from Liquid Assets and Authorised Investments, 
if any, included in the Cover Pool into a segregated euro denominated 
account maintained at Alpha (the Collection Account).  Alpha will not 
commingle any of its own funds and general assets with amounts standing 
to the credit of the Collection Account.  For the avoidance of doubt, any 
cash amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account shall not 
comprise part of the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests.
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event which is continuing, the Servicer 
shall procure that all Subsidy Payments received from the OEK and/or the 
Greek State or any other Greek State owned entity in respect of the 
Subsidised Loans will be deducted from the applicable Subsidy Bank

--- Page 28 ---
28
Account and paid into the Collection Account within two Athens Business 
Days of receipt.
All amounts deposited in, and standing to the credit of, the Collection 
Account shall constitute segregated property distinct from all other 
property of Alpha pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bond Law. 
Subsidy Payments means the aggregate of all amounts actually received 
from the OEK, the Greek State and any other Greek State owned entity 
representing the Subsidised Interest Amounts in respect of the Subsidised 
Loans comprised in the Cover Pool.
Subsidy Bank Account means the OEK Savings Account, the Alpha Bank 
BoG Account and any other bank accounts in the name of the OEK, the 
Greek State or any other Greek State owned entity maintained in respect 
of the Subsidised Loans with either the Bank of Greece, Alpha, the 
Replacement Servicer, or if the Replacement Servicer is not a Credit 
Institution, with the Credit Institution appointed by such Replacement 
Servicer in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, as 
applicable.
OEK Savings Account means the savings bank account in the name of the 
OEK maintained in respect of the OEK Subsidised Loans with Alpha, the 
Replacement Servicer or, if the Replacement Servicer is not a Credit 
Institution, with the Credit Institution appointed by such Replacement 
Servicer in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, as 
applicable. 
Alpha Bank BoG Account means the bank account in the name of Alpha, 
maintained in respect of the State Subsidised Loans with the Bank of 
Greece. 
Credit Institution means a credit institution for the purposes of Greek law 
4261/2014 of the Hellenic Republic.
Transaction Account
On or about the Programme Closing Date, a separate Euro denominated 
account will be established with the Account Bank (the Transaction 
Account).  Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, Alpha will be entitled 
to withdraw amounts from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account, if any, that are in excess of the sum of: (i) any cash 
amounts required to satisfy the Statutory Tests and (ii) the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger Required Amount.  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event (as defined above), the 
Servicer shall (i) procure that within two Athens Business Days of the 
occurrence of such Issuer Event, all collections of principal and interest on 
deposit in the Collection Account (or, if applicable, the Third Party 
Collection Account) are transferred to the Transaction Account and 
(ii) provide notification to all Borrowers that any and all future payments 
due under the Loan Assets are henceforth to be effected directly to a bank 
account opened in the name of the Issuer with the Replacement Servicer, a 
Greek Credit Institution or a Greek branch of a foreign Credit Institution 
(the Third Party Collection Account).  The Servicer shall procure that all 
amounts deposited into the Third Party Collection Account shall be

--- Page 29 ---
29
transferred to the Transaction Account within three Athens Business Days 
of receipt and provide any requisite notice to procure that this occurs.  
Following an Issuer Event, the Transaction Account will be used for the 
crediting of, inter alia, in respect of the Cover Pool Assets:
(a)
all amounts required to be paid to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger;
(b)
any amounts received by the Issuer or the Servicer in respect of the 
Loan Assets and the Liquid Assets; 
(c)
all Subsidy Payments received from the OEK and/or the Greek 
State or any other Greek State owned entity; 
(d)
any amounts credited by the Issuer for effecting payments on the 
Covered Bonds;
(e)
any amounts deposited by the Issuer to effect an optional 
substitution of Cover Pool Assets (including any amount deposited 
by the Issuer to prevent a sale of any Loan Assets to a third party);
(f)
any amounts transferred by the Servicer in connection with the sale 
of Cover Pool Assets;
(g)
all amounts paid to the Issuer by the Hedging Counterparties under 
the Hedging Agreements (other than Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts (if any)); and
(h)
all amounts deriving from maturity or liquidation of Authorised 
Investments.
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will maintain records in relation 
to the Transaction Account in accordance with the Transaction Documents.
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Issuer (or the Servicer on 
its behalf) shall transfer any amounts it receives in respect of any Cover 
Pool Assets (including any Subsidy Payments) to the Transaction Account 
within two Athens Business Days of receipt.  See "Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash Management Deed".
The Transaction Account will be maintained with the Account Bank for as 
long as the Account Bank is an Eligible Institution.
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger  means the ledger on the Transaction 
Account of such name maintained by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed.
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger Required Amount means an amount 
calculated as at each Calculation Date falling in January, April, July and 
October of each year, equal to the maximum cumulative net liquidity 
outflow of the Programme over the next one hundred eighty (180) days 
following such Calculation Date, provided that for the purposes of 
calculating the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflows, the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be due on

--- Page 30 ---
30
the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (where applicable) and not on 
the relevant Final Maturity Date.
Event of Default
If one of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs, and is 
continuing:
(a)
on the Extended Final Maturity Date, in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds or on any Interest Payment Date or any earlier date 
for redemption on which principal thereof is due and repayable, 
there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on such 
Covered Bonds on such date and such default is not remedied 
within a period of seven days from the due date thereof; or 
(b)
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the 
amount of interest due on any Series of Covered Bonds occurs and 
such default is not remedied within a period of fourteen (14) 
Athens Business Days from the due date thereof,
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice in writing from the Principal 
Paying Agent or any Covered Bondholder, serve a notice of default (a 
Notice of Default) on the Issuer.
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds of each 
Series shall become immediately due and payable.
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Trustee shall be entitled 
to direct the Servicer to dispose of part or all of the Cover Pool Assets.  See 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed".
Priority of Payments prior 
to the delivery of a Notice of 
Default
At any time upon or after the occurrence of any Issuer Event but prior to 
the delivery of a Notice of Default, the Servicer shall apply all Covered 
Bonds Available Funds on each Programme Payment Date in making the 
following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (the 
Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and to 
the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full):
(a)
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due and payable 
or to become due and payable prior to the next Programme 
Payment Date to the Trustee or any Appointee (including 
remuneration or amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under 
the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or other 
similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein;
(b)
second, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due 
and payable on the Programme Payment Date or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date to the Trustee or any Appointee in order 
to fund any notice to be given to any parties in accordance with 
any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders 
in connection with the assignment and/or collection and/or 
management of the Cover Pool Assets;

--- Page 31 ---
31
(c)
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, to pay all amounts due and payable on the Programme 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become 
due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date, to the 
Account Bank and the Agents under the Bank Account Agreement 
and the Agency Agreement, respectively;
(d)
fourth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, (i) to pay the Servicer an amount equal to any 
amount representing the cost of Levy in respect of such Loans 
received from Borrowers, such amount to be used by the Servicer 
towards satisfaction of the Issuer's obligation to pay any Levy, and 
(ii) to pay all amounts due and payable on the Programme Payment 
Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date (and for which 
payment has not been provided for elsewhere in this Pre Event of 
Default Priority of Payments), to any Secured Creditors other than 
the Account Bank, the Agents, the Hedging Counterparties and the 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders;
(e)
fifth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) to pay all amounts of interest due and payable on the 
Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that 
will become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment 
Date on any Covered Bonds and Coupons and (b) to pay any 
amounts due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to 
provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable 
prior to the next Programme Payment Date under any Hedging 
Agreement other than Subordinated Termination Payments to any 
Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements;
(f)
sixth, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to 
credit the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger with an amount equal 
to the difference between the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
Required Amount and the aggregate of the amount standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger and the nominal 
value of Liquid Assets which have not matured on or prior to such 
Programme Payment Date (other than Liquid Assets represented 
by amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger) purchased from amounts previously credited to the 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger after having made the payments 
under paragraphs (a) to (e) above;
(g)
seventh, to pay pro rata and pari passu principal in respect of each 
Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds then outstanding on the 
Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that 
will become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment 
Date (if any) on any Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds in 
either case where such Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds has 
an Extended Final Maturity Date that falls within 6 months of the 
relevant Programme Payment Date;

--- Page 32 ---
32
(h)
eighth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, (A) (where such Series of 
Pass Through Covered Bonds has an Extended Final Maturity Date 
that does not fall within 6 months of the relevant Programme 
Payment Date) principal in respect of each Series of Pass Through 
Covered Bonds then outstanding on the Programme Payment Date, 
or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date (if any) on any 
such Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds, and (B) in respect of 
any Accumulation Covered Bonds (or any Series of Covered 
Bonds which will become Accumulation Covered Bonds prior to 
the next following Programme Payment Date) to credit the 
relevant 
Accumulation 
Sub-Ledger 
with 
the 
Pro 
Rata 
Accumulation Amount;
(i)
ninth, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, any 
remaining Covered Bonds Available Funds will remain standing 
to the credit of the Transaction Account, or, as applicable, be 
deposited in the Transaction Account (provided such amount has 
not already been credited to the Accumulation Sub-Ledger in 
accordance with paragraph (h) above);
(j)
tenth, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay pari passu 
and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to 
provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable 
prior to the next Programme Payment Date to any Hedging 
Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination 
Payment; and
(k)
eleventh, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay any 
excess to the Issuer.
Subordinated Termination Payment means, subject as set out 
below, any termination payments due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement where such termination 
results from (a) an Additional Termination Event "Ratings Event" 
as specified in the schedule to the relevant Hedging Agreement, 
(b) the bankruptcy of the relevant Hedging Counterparty, or (c) 
any default and/or failure to perform by such Hedging 
Counterparty under the relevant Hedging Agreement, other than, 
in the event of (a) or (c) above, the amount of any termination 
payment due and payable to such Hedging Counterparty in relation 
to the termination of such transaction to the extent of any premium 
received by the Issuer from a replacement hedging counterparty.
Covered Bonds Available 
Funds
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, payments on the Covered 
Bonds will be made from the Covered Bonds Available Funds in 
accordance with the Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments.
Covered Bonds Available Funds means, at any time upon or after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event (in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds) 
and, in respect of any Programme Payment Date, as the case may be, the 
aggregate of:

--- Page 33 ---
33
(a)
all amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account at 
the immediately preceding Calculation Date other than amounts 
credited to the Accumulation Ledger; 
(b)
all amounts (if any) paid or to be paid on or prior to such 
Programme Payment Date by the Hedging Counterparties into the 
Transaction Account pursuant to the Hedging Agreement(s); 
(c)
all amounts of interest paid on the Transaction Account during the 
Programme Payment Period immediately preceding such 
Programme Payment Date; 
(d)
all amounts deriving from repayment at maturity of any 
Authorised Investment or Liquid Assets on or prior to such 
Programme Payment Date; and
(e)
any Excess Accumulation Receipts.
For the avoidance of doubt:
(i)
should there be any duplication in the amounts included in the 
different items of the Covered Bonds Available Funds above, the 
Servicer shall avoid such duplication when calculating the 
Covered Bonds Available Funds; and
(ii)
the Covered Bonds Available Funds will not include: (A) any early 
termination amount received by the Issuer under a Hedging 
Agreement, but only to the extent that such amount is to be applied 
in acquiring a replacement Interest Rate Swap or Covered Bond 
Swap (as applicable); (B) any Excess Swap Collateral or Swap 
Collateral, except to the extent that the value of such Swap 
Collateral has been applied, pursuant to the provisions of the 
relevant Hedging Agreement, to reduce the amount that would 
otherwise be payable by the Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer on 
early termination of the Interest Rate Swap or Covered Bond Swap 
(as applicable) and, to the extent so applied in reduction of the 
amount otherwise payable by the Hedging Counterparty, such 
Swap Collateral is not to be applied in acquiring a replacement 
swap; (C) any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement 
Hedging Counterparty in respect of a replacement Interest Rate 
Swap or a Covered Bond Swap, to the extent it is to be used to 
make any termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with 
respect to the previous Interest Rate Swap or Covered Bond Swap; 
and (D) any tax credits received by the Issuer in respect of an 
Interest Rate Swap or Covered Bond Swap (as applicable) used to 
reimburse the relevant Hedging Counterparty for any gross-up in 
respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present of future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature (and wherever imposed) made under 
the relevant Interest Rate Swap or Covered Bond Swap (as 
applicable).

--- Page 34 ---
34
Excess Swap Collateral means, in respect of a Hedging Agreement, an 
amount (which will be transferred directly to the Hedging Counterparty in 
accordance with the Hedging Agreement) equal to the amount by which 
the value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) provided 
by the Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Hedging 
Agreement exceeds the Hedging Counterparty's liability under the 
Hedging Agreement (such liability determined as if no collateral had been 
provided) as at the date of termination of the Hedging Agreement or which 
it is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the Hedging 
Agreement.
Programme Payment Period  means the period from (and including) a 
Programme Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Programme Payment 
Period, the Programme Closing Date) to (but excluding) the next 
Programme Payment Date.
Swap Collateral means, at any time, any asset (including, without 
limitation, cash and/or securities) other than Excess Swap Collateral, 
which is paid or transferred by a Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer as 
collateral in respect of the performance by such Hedging Counterparty of 
its obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement together with any 
income or distributions received in respect of such asset and any equivalent 
of such asset into which such asset is transformed.
Priority 
of 
Payments 
following the delivery of a 
Notice of Default
Following delivery of a Notice of Default, all funds deriving from the 
Cover Pool Assets and the Transaction Documents, the enforcement of the 
security and any other sums standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account shall be applied on any Business Day in accordance with the 
following order of priority of payments (the Post Event of Default 
Priority of Payments and, together with the Pre Event of Default Priority 
of Payments, the Priorities of Payments and, each of them a Priority of 
Payments) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full) provided that any such amount has not 
been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the Cover Pool:
(a)
first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee or any Appointee 
or any Receiver is entitled pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document and any costs and expenses incurred by or 
on behalf of the Trustee or any Appointee or any Receiver 
(i) following the occurrence of a Potential Event of Default, Issuer 
Event or, as applicable, an Event of Default (to the extent that any 
such amounts have not yet been paid out of the Covered Bonds 
Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of Default) and 
(ii) following the delivery of a Notice of Default in connection 
with or as a result of the enforcement or realisation of (A) the 
security granted under the Statutory Pledge and the Deed of 
Charge and/or (B) any other right or remedy that the Trustee is 
entitled to, or is required to pursue, under or in connection with the 
Transaction Documents and the Covered Bonds for the purpose of 
protecting the interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the 
other Secured Creditors;

--- Page 35 ---
35
(b)
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, (i) to pay all amounts of interest and principal 
then due and payable on any Covered Bonds and Coupons, (ii) to 
pay any additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable 
in connection with any listing or deposit of the Covered Bonds or 
to fund any notice to be given to any parties in accordance with 
any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders, 
(iii) to pay all amounts due and payable to any Secured Creditors 
other than the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders with the 
exception of those amounts set out in items (b) and (d), and (iv) 
any amounts due and payable under any Hedging Agreement other 
than the Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging 
Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements; 
(c)
third, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination 
Payment; and
(d)
fourth, following the payment in full of all items under (a) to (c) 
above, to pay all excess amounts to the Issuer.
Indemnity means any indemnity amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to 
the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge or otherwise, including (without 
limitation) Clause 14 of the Trust Deed.  See "Description of the 
Transaction Documents" – "Deed of Charge".
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with 
the lapse of time and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, 
certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request and/or the 
taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, 
would constitute an Event of Default.
Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed
Under the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed entered into 
on the Programme Closing Date (as amended, restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time) between the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Servicer (the Servicing and Cash Management Deed), the Servicer has 
been authorised, subject to the conditions specified therein, to administer 
the cash flows arising from the Cover Pool. 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed sets forth the terms and 
conditions upon which the Servicer shall be required to administer the 
Cover Pool Assets.
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer has 
undertaken to prepare and deliver certain reports (including the Servicer 
Reports) in connection with the Loan Assets.  Pursuant to the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer will agree to perform certain 
obligations in connection with the management of the Cover Pool.
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed contains provisions under 
which the Issuer shall be obliged, upon the terms and subject to the

--- Page 36 ---
36
conditions specified therein, to appoint an appropriate entity to perform the 
Servicing and Cash Management Services to be performed by the Servicer.
Programme Closing Date means 29 November 2017.
See " Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed".
Asset Monitor Agreement
Under the terms of the asset monitor agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from 
time to time) between the Asset Monitor, the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Trustee (the Asset Monitor Agreement), the Asset Monitor has agreed to 
act as cover pool monitor in accordance with the Greek Covered Bond Law 
and to carry out various testing and notification duties in relation to the 
calculations performed by the Servicer in relation to the Statutory Tests 
and, if required, the Amortisation Test.
Trust Deed
Under the terms of the Trust Deed entered into on the Programme Closing 
Date (such Trust Deed as amended, restated and/or supplemented from 
time to time, the Trust Deed), the Trustee will be appointed to act as the 
Covered Bondholders' representative in accordance with Article 14(3) of 
the Covered Bond Law.
Deed of Charge
The Issuer shall, where necessary, assign its rights arising under the 
Hedging Agreements, the other English law governed Transaction 
Documents (other than the Deed of Charge and the Trust Deed) and the 
Asset Monitor Agreement (the Deed of Charge).
In addition, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors have 
agreed that, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, all the Covered Bonds 
Available Funds will be applied in or towards satisfaction of all the Issuer's 
payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors, in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed and the relevant Priority of Payments.
The Trustee has been authorised, in accordance with the Deed of Charge, 
subject to a Notice of Default being delivered to the Issuer following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default or upon failure by the Issuer to exercise 
its rights under the Transaction Documents, to exercise, in the name and 
on behalf of the Issuer, all the Issuer's rights arising out of the Transaction 
Documents to which the Issuer is a party.
The Deed of Charge and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with it shall be governed by English Law (except in relation 
to the Statutory Pledge which shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with Greek law).
Agency Agreement
Under the terms of an agency agreement entered into on the Programme 
Closing Date between the Issuer, the Agents and the Trustee (as amended. 
restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the Agency Agreement), 
the Agents have agreed to provide the Issuer with certain agency services 
and the Paying Agents have agreed, inter alia, to make available for 
inspection such documents as may be required from time to time by the

--- Page 37 ---
37
rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to arrange for the publication 
of any notice to be given to the Covered Bondholders.
Bank Account Agreement
Under the terms of the bank account agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from 
time to time) between the Account Bank, the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Trustee (the Bank Account Agreement), the Account Bank has agreed to 
operate the Transaction Account, any Swap Collateral Accounts and any 
other account required under the Transaction Documents (together with the 
Transaction Account and each Swap Collateral Account, the Bank 
Accounts) in accordance with the instructions given by the Servicer.
Hedging Agreements
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements and Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
(together the Hedging Agreements and each, a Hedging Agreement) 
with one or more Hedging Counterparties for the purpose of protecting 
itself against certain risks (interest rate, liquidity and currency) related to 
the Loan Assets and/or the Covered Bonds.  In accordance with the terms 
set forth in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer may, at 
its discretion, include its rights and claims arising from the Hedging 
Agreements, together with the cash flows deriving therefrom, in the Cover 
Pool provided that, inter alia the terms and conditions of such Hedging 
Agreements shall not adversely affect the ratings of the then outstanding 
Covered Bonds.
The Hedging Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection any of them shall be governed by English Law. 
The Issuer's rights arising from the Hedging Agreements will be included 
as part of the Cover Pool at the Issuer's discretion. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means each agreement between the 
Issuer, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider and the Trustee governing 
the Interest Rate Swap in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, 
including a schedule and one or more confirmations and a credit support 
annex.
Covered Bond Swap Agreement means each agreement between the 
Issuer, a Covered Bond Swap Provider and the Trustee governing any 
Covered Bond Swaps in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, including 
a schedule and one or more confirmations and any credit support annex.
Transaction Documents
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Programme Agreement, 
each Subscription Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the 
Deed of Charge, the Bank Account Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Master Definitions and Construction Schedule, each of the 
Final Terms, each Registration Statement, the Conditions, the Covered 
Bonds, the Coupons, the Hedging Agreements, any agreement entered into 
with a new Servicer, together with any additional document entered into in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and/or the Cover Pool and designated as a 
Transaction Document by the Issuer and the Trustee, are together referred 
to as the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 38 ---
38
Subscription Agreement means an agreement supplemental to the 
Programme Agreement (by whatever name called) in or substantially in the 
form set out in the Programme Agreement or in such other form as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Lead Manager (named therein) or one 
or more Dealers (as the case may be).
Investor Report
On the Athens Business Day which falls three Athens Business Days prior 
to each Programme Payment Date (each an Investor Report Date), the 
Servicer will produce an investor report (the Investor Report), which will 
contain information regarding the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool 
Assets, including statistics relating to the financial performance of the 
Cover Pool Assets for the immediately preceding Collection Period.  Such 
report will be available to the prospective investors in the Covered Bonds 
and to Covered Bondholders on Bloomberg and on the Issuer's website 
https://www.alpha.gr/. 
Collection Period means the period from (and including) a Collection 
Period Start Date (or, in the case of the first Collection Period, the 
Programme Closing Date) to the next Collection Period End Date.
Collection Period Start Date means the first calendar day falling in 
January, April, July and October of each year.
Collection Period End Date means the last calendar day falling in March, 
June, September and December of each year.

--- Page 39 ---
39
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds.  There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds.  It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to 
occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not 
to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The 
Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its 
business and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making an investment decision.  Words and expressions defined in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section.  Investing in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks.  Prospective investors should consider, 
among other things, the following:
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme 
A.
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1
Risks relating to macroeconomic and financial developments in the Hellenic Republic 
1.1.1
Uncertainty resulting from the Hellenic Republic's financial and economic crisis has had and is likely 
to continue to have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects
The Group's business is heavily dependent on macroeconomic and political conditions in Greece. As of 31 
December 2021, 89 per cent. of the Group's total net loans and advances to customers and 86 per cent. of net 
interest income were derived from operations in Greece and, as of 31 December 2021, exposure to Greek 
government securities and derivative financial assets less derivative financial liabilities to the Greek public 
sector amounted to €6.05 billion.  
Greece experienced an unprecedented financial crisis from 2008 to 2016.  During this period, the Hellenic 
Republic faced significant pressure on its public finances and received financial assistance under consecutive 
stabilisation programmes sponsored by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the European Union (EU) and 
the European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Stability Mechanism (ESM). The last financial assistance 
and stabilisation programme was agreed in August 2015 and was completed in August 2018 (the ESM 
Programme). In accordance with these programmes, the Hellenic Republic committed to certain substantial 
structural measures intended to restore competitiveness and promote economic growth in the country. 
In August 2018, the Hellenic Republic concluded the ESM Programme with a successful exit and no fourth 
stabilisation programme was imposed. Nevertheless, as part of the post-stabilisation programme period, the 
Hellenic Republic has made specific policy commitments to complete key structural reforms initiated under 
the ESM Programme within agreed deadlines and has made a general commitment to continue to implement 
all key reforms adopted under the ESM Programme.  Progress on the implementation of such reforms, as well 
as economic developments and policies in Greece, were monitored under an enhanced surveillance framework 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 472/2013 until August 2022, when Greece exited the framework.

--- Page 40 ---
40
According to the European Commission’s first post-programme surveillance report (November 2022):"Greece 
has taken the necessary actions to complete its specific commitments, despite the challenging circumstances 
due to Russia’s war of aggression against Ukraine.  The authorities delivered on their commitments across 
various areas, notably fiscal policy, tax administration, justice, financial sector reforms, cadastre and 
privatisation.  In certain areas, progress has been made, but further steps are needed to fully achieve the 
objectives; this is notably the case for the implementation of primary health care reform, labour law 
codification, as well as clearance of arrears and backlogs related to the functioning of the financial sector". 
According to Eurostat data published in October 2021, the Greek economy contracted by 9.0 per cent. in 2020, 
as economic activity was adversely affected by measures designed to constrain the spread of the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
The swift and strong recovery of economic activity in 2021 recouped a significant part of the losses registered 
in 2020, as GDP at constant prices increased by 8.4 per cent. on an annual basis (ELSTAT, second estimate 
published in October 2022), driven by the sharp increase of private consumption, the rise in investment, and 
the notable recovery of tourist inflows over the summer of 2021.
In the first nine months of 2022, GDP expanded by 5.9 per cent. on an annual basis.  Private consumption and 
investment added 6.5 per cent. and 1.3 per cent. respectively to overall output growth.  Net exports weighed 
down the overall growth figure, subtracting 1.5 per cent. , as the rise in imports (12 per cent. year–on-year), 
primarily of goods (14.1 per cent. year–on-year), offset the rise in exports (9.5 per cent. year-on-year). 
The European Commission (European Economic Forecast, Autumn, November 2022) projected for Greece a 
further GDP increase of 6.0 per cent. in 2022 and a milder 1.0 per cent. increase in 2023 before increasing by 
2.0 per cent. in 2024. In addition, the Bank of Greece foresees a GDP growth rate of 6.2 per cent. for 2022, 1.5 
per cent. for 2023 and 3 per cent. for 2023 (Interim Monetary Policy Report, December 2022). It is noted that 
the national account figures for the third quarter of 2022 were not incorporated in the Bank of Greece's forecast. 
Finally, according to the OECD (2023 Economic Survey of Greece (January 2023)) GDP is expected to grow 
by 5.1 per cent. in 2022, 1.1 per cent. in 2023 and 1.8 per cent. in 2024.  Growth in 2023 is forecast to be 
driven by investment, supported by the impetus from the Recovery and Resilience Facility (the RRF) and the 
Public Investment Budget (PIB).  Private consumption and exports of services are expected to slow down due 
to inflation and its impact on the purchasing power of Greek and European citizens.
Geopolitical risks and inflation remain the main sources of uncertainty for the Greek economy in 2023. Energy 
prices are expected to de-escalate, but the pass-through to the prices of other goods and services will probably 
pick up.  Therefore, inflation (based on the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices) is projected to average 5 
per cent. in 2023, from around 10 per cent. in 2022 (European Economic Forecast, European Commission, 
Autumn 2022). 
Further, according to the Hellenic Statistical Authority, the primary balance reached -5 per cent. of GDP in 
2021 (EL.STAT., "The Greek Economy" 16 December 2022).  The recession, the prolongation of economic 
measures adopted by the relevant authorities to cushion the economic downturn due to the COVID-19 
pandemic and increased energy costs weighed on the result.
On 17 December 2022, the Greek Parliament voted for the Final Budgetary Plan for 2023, which expects the 
primary deficit to reach 1.7 per cent. of GDP in 2022 and a primary surplus of 0.7 per cent. of GDP in 2023.
Potential delays in the completion of remaining reforms, the funds inflow from the RRF could impact the 
market assessment of the risks surrounding the creditworthiness of the Hellenic Republic and, therefore, create 
uncertainty regarding its ability to maintain continuous access to market financing. Such a development could, 
in turn, have a material adverse impact on the Group’s liquidity position, business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects.

--- Page 41 ---
41
1.1.2 
The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and is expected to further impact the Group's business, its 
customers, contractual counterparties and employees (albeit to a lesser extent compared to the first 
two years of the pandemic).
The COVID-19 pandemic is a severe public health emergency for citizens, societies and economies. COVID-
19 cases have been detected in all EU member states and most countries globally, imposing a heavy burden on 
individuals and societies, and putting health care systems under severe strain. In addition to its significant 
social impacts, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a major economic shock, causing disruption of global 
supply chains, volatility in financial markets, falls in consumer demand and negative impact in key sectors like 
travel and tourism.
Sizeable and swift fiscal, monetary, and regulatory responses (such as the €750 billion Next Generation EU 
recovery instrument (NGEU) (more than half of which is grant-based)) and a wide range of temporary lifeline 
policies were put in place to minimise the impact of the pandemic, maintain disposable income for households, 
protect cash flow for firms, and support credit provision. At the national level, governments have responded 
with a variety of fiscal counter-measures that include efforts to cushion income losses, incentivise hiring, 
expand social assistance, guarantee credit, and inject equity into firms.
The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group's business, results of operations, capital, 
liquidity and prospects will depend on a number of evolving factors, including:

The duration, extent and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, which cannot be predicted with certainty 
at this time. This will depend on the availability and uptake of vaccines and improvement of therapies 
for COVID-19, but also potential mutations of the virus that causes COVID-19, which may affect the 
efficacy of such vaccines and therapies.  As per the January 2022 WEO Update, although the global 
economic recovery is continuing, the pandemic continues to resurge from time to time. The major 
concern is that more aggressive SARS-CoV-2 variants could emerge before widespread vaccination 
is reached. The rapid spread of the Delta and Omicron variants and the threat of new variants (such as 
the Omicron BA.2 variant) have increased uncertainty about how quickly the pandemic can be 
overcome. 

The effect on the Group's borrowers, counterparties, employees and third-party service providers. The 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been multi-level and uneven on household and business 
income.  These factors may adversely impact corporate and personal borrowers' ability to repay their 
loans, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations, financial 
condition and/or liquidity.

The reaction and measures adopted by governments. According to the 2023 State Budget, most of the 
measures were lifted by the end of 2022. The fiscal impact of the pandemic-related measures reached 
€4.4 billion, down from €16.9 billion in 2021. For 2023, in addition to the permanent reduction of the 
social security and solidarity contributions, €180 million has been incorporated in the State budget to 
cover wages and salaries of emergency personnel for the health sector. It is also worth noting that part 
of the health system costs were transferred to the regular budget of the Ministry of Health. 

The reaction of the EU to the COVID-19 pandemic. The European Council's financial package 
includes the future Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) and a specific recovery effort under the 
NGEU. The NGEU fund amounts to €750 billion, out of which approximately €30.5 billion for the 
period 2021 to 2026 is available for Greece (provisionally comprising €17.8 billion in grants and €12.7 
billion in loans, as per the European Commission). The amount for the MFF is €1,100 billion, with 
approximately €40 billion earmarked for Greece. 
If the COVID-19 pandemic is prolonged, worsens or there are further waves of outbreaks, or other diseases 
emerge that give rise to similar effects, this could have a further adverse impact on the global economy and/or 
financial markets and, in turn, adversely impact the Group's business, financial results and operations.

--- Page 42 ---
42
1.1.3
Recessionary pressures in Greece have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business
The Group's business activities are dependent on demand for its banking, finance and financial products and 
the services it offers, as well as on customers' capacity to repay their obligations, all of which have been 
adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.  The levels of savings and credit demand are heavily dependent 
on customer confidence, employment trends and the availability and cost of funding.
During the period between 2008 and 2016 the decline in GDP and protracted recession in Greece resulted in 
significantly reduced disposable income and significantly reduced spending and debt repayment capacity in 
the Greek private sector.  This led to further increases in non-performing loans (NPLs), impairment charges 
on the Group's loans and other financial assets, decreased demand for borrowings in general and increased 
deposit outflows.
The uncertainty created by the prolonged financial crisis in Greece and doubts as to the ability of the Greek 
economy to recover resulted in a significant outflow of deposits in the Greek banking sector of approximately 
€37 billion from 31 December 2014 to 31 December 2015 (Source: Bank of Greece). 
The Group's NPL ratio (defined as NPLs divided by gross loans at the end of the relevant reference period) 
stood at 4.3 per cent. as of 30 September 2022.  The decline in loan portfolios, in combination with a high NPL 
ratio, may result in decreased net interest income, and this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Bank of Greece also assesses NPLs based on the European Banking Authority (EBA) standards in order 
to monitor Greek banks' NPLs.  The Group's NPΕ ratio amounted to 8.0 per cent. as of 30 September 2022. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Greek banks, including the Issuer, offered payment moratoria to their 
borrowers, with a temporary prudential flexibility put in place by regulators. According to the data submitted 
by the Greek systemic banks as of 31 December 2020, €27.6 billion of loans have been covered by the non-
legislative moratoria put in place by servicers and banks for debtors affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
According to the Bank of Greece, the balance of these loans was less than €4 billion as of 31 December 2020 
as most of the moratoria had expired (Source: Bank of Greece). The moratoria mitigated the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the Greek banks' asset quality, as supervisory guidance allowed public and private 
moratoria announced and applied before 30 September 2020 not to be automatically classified as forbearance 
measures.  As at 30 September 2022, the Group had implemented a total of €5.1 billion of EBA-compliant 
moratoria to performing exposures.  The non-performing exposure (NPE) inflows from moratoria expirations 
in the nine month period from 1 January 2022 to 30 September 2022 reached €0.5 billion. 
The Issuer has implemented a troubled assets management plan to reduce NPL/NPE volumes. Nevertheless, 
the implementation of the management plan (as described in more detail under "Business of the Group – Other 
Activities – NPE Management") is affected by a number of external and systemic factors and there is no 
guarantee such a management plan will be effective, especially given the risk of future loan reclassifications 
to non-performing status (leading to increased provisioning needs and deteriorating asset quality ratios).
Volatile macroeconomic conditions, coupled with low consumer spending and business investment, which 
may be further exacerbated by, amongst other things, the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine, may 
adversely affect the value of assets collateralising secured loans, including houses and other real estate.  Such 
a decline could result in impairment of the value of the Issuer's loan assets or an increase in the level of the 
Issuer’s NPLs and NPEs, either of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 43 ---
43
1.1.4.
Inflationary pressures may have an adverse effect on the Group's business.
The Group’s business and operations may be affected by the current inflation surge, which started around mid 
2021 after a few decades of very low inflation and was accelerated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.
In Greece, inflation started increasing in August 2021 and increased by 10.2 per cent. in April 2022 on an 
annual basis (Source: ELSTAT, Consumer Price Index (CPI) – National Index / April 2022), before falling to 
8.5 per cent. in November 2022 on an annual basis (Source: ELSTAT, Consumer Price Index (CPI) – National 
Index / November 2022). As per the first post-programme Surveillance Framework Report on Greece by the 
EU (November 2022) the inflation rate was forecast to peak in the last quarter of 2022, but to remain elevated 
thereafter. Headline Harmonised Index Consumer Price inflation is projected to average 10.0 per cent. in 2022 
and to decline only gradually afterwards. Falling energy prices, implying strong negative base effects, are 
expected to decrease inflation as of the second half of 2023, implying an annual average inflation rate of 6.0 
per cent. in 2023, and 2.4 per cent. in 2024.
The causes of the recent inflationary pressures are disputed among economists, with most of them attributing 
inflation to shortages resulting from global supply-chain problems, largely caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic, shift in demand toward goods and away from services, post-pandemic recovery and turmoil in the 
labour market, as well as significant increases in energy prices, and therefore, it is not clear whether the 
inflation will remain high and persist. The answer depends largely on the distribution of shocks to the economy 
and how central banks (and finance ministries) react, as well as on the duration of the war in Ukraine and its 
impact on energy prices, food prices, and global growth.
The exact impact of inflationary pressures on the Group’s activities depends on the duration and the actual 
inflation rate and, therefore, it is difficult to predict. It is possible that there will be a significant, and 
economically important, negative relationship between inflation and both banking sector development and 
equity market activity, which may have a material adverse effect on the business operations and economic 
results of the Group. Moreover, inflation is expected to put upward pressure on the Group’s expenses, 
particularly wages.  
If inflation persists, the Group may have to identify effective means for hedging interest rate risk related to 
inflationary pressures and adjust its operations. Any failure of the Group to address or hedge persisting 
inflationary pressures could adversely affect its financial condition, capital adequacy and operating results.
1.1.5
Political, geopolitical and economic developments could adversely affect the Group’s business and 
operations.
External factors, including political, geopolitical, and economic developments in the Hellenic Republic and 
the region (or elsewhere in the world – for example, the ongoing war in Ukraine) may negatively affect the 
Group’s business, operations, and prospects in and outside of Greece. The Group’s financial condition and 
results of operation may be adversely affected by various events outside of its control, including, but not limited 
to, the following:

changes in government and economic policies;

political instability, military conflicts or geopolitical tensions that impact South-Eastern 
Mediterranean Europe and/or other regions, including tensions between Greece and Turkey and the 
war in Ukraine;

changes in the level of interest rates set by the ECB;

regulations and directives relating to the banking and other sectors; and

--- Page 44 ---
44

taxation and other political, geopolitical, economic or social risks affecting the Group’s business 
development.
1.1.6
Volatility in the political and economic environment may adversely affect the Group’s business.
The political and economic environment in Greece is subject to volatility and may deteriorate in the 
case of a change in political conditions that results in changes in financial policy. Further, as Greece 
is entering into a pre-election period for national elections, expected to be held in the second quarter 
of 2023, protracted election rounds until a new government is formed may have an impact on the 
macro-economic conditions in Greece. These factors could adversely affect the business operations, 
the strategic planning of the Group and its business and prospects.
1.2
Risks relating to the Group’s business
1.2.1
The Group may not be able to reduce its NPE levels in line with its targets or at all, which may 
materially impact its financial condition, capital adequacy or results of operations. 
NPEs represent one of the most significant challenges for the Greek banking system. Based on data from the 
Bank of Greece, the NPE ratio for Greek banks stood at 12.8 per cent. on a solo basis in December 2021, 
having declined strongly from 30.1 per cent. at the end of 2020 and 40.6 per cent. at the end of 2019. Net 
inflows of NPEs continued, but remained below initial expectations. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 
September 2020, Greek banks submitted to the Bank of Greece updated interim NPE plans to reduce their 
NPEs and submitted revised NPE plans for the period up to 2023 in March 2021.
The level and amount of NPEs adversely affects the Issuer’s net income through credit risk and impairment 
expenses, recovery strategy costs, other operating expenses and taxes. The Issuer intends to accelerate its 
efforts to reduce its NPE levels through inorganic NPE disposals, including securitisations, utilisation of the 
flexibility provided by the Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme, introduced by virtue of Greek Law 4649/2019 
(the HAPS), as well as through additional direct sales of NPEs.  The NPE ratio for the Group on 30 September 
2022 stood at 8.0 per cent. and the NPL ratio at 4.3 per cent.  The Group is targeting an NPE Ratio of circa 
ratio of around 6.5 per cent. by 31 December 2023 and a further reduction of NPEs in the following years that 
could lead to an NPE ratio of below 5.0 per cent. for 2025.   
In order to reduce its cost of risk and to reduce the amount of NPEs on its balance sheet, the Group announced 
the 2019 Strategic Plan in November 2019. The main priority and objective of the 2019 Strategic Plan was the 
improvement of the Group's financial structure through the reduction of its NPEs and cost of risk, which 
constituted the main factors impacting profitability over the past years, while also aiming to optimise the 
organisational and capital structure of the Group. The 2019 Strategic Plan entailed, amongst other things, a 
securitisation of an NPE portfolio, known as "Galaxy", up to an amount of €10.8 billion (the Galaxy 
Securitisation) and the transfer of the Issuer’s business of servicing of NPEs to Cepal Hellas Financial 
Services Single Member S.A.-Servicing of Receivables from Loans and Credits (Cepal Hellas), a wholly-
owned, licensed servicing company for loan receivables under Greek Law 4354/2015.
On 22 February 2021, Alpha Bank Services and Holdings S.A.’s (Alpha Holdings) announced that it had 
reached definitive agreement with funds managed by Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP (Davidson 
Kempner) for the sale and transfer of 80 per cent. of the shares in the holding company of Cepal Hellas (Cepal 
Hellas HoldCo) along with 51 per cent. of the mezzanine and the junior notes issued under the Galaxy 
Securitisation, which was completed on 18 June 2021. The 2019 Strategic Plan also envisaged the demerger 
of Alpha Holdings by way of hive-down of its banking activities, which include the assets and liabilities related 
to the exercise of banking business, with the incorporation of the Issuer as a new wholly owned subsidiary, 
pursuant to article 16 of Greek Law 2515/1997, par. 3 of article 54, par. 3 of article 57 and articles 59-74 
(inclusive) and 140 of Greek Law 4601/2019 and article 145 of Greek Law 4261/2014, as in force (the Hive

--- Page 45 ---
45
Down). The Hive Down was completed on 16 April 2021. For more information about the Hive Down, see 
"The Issuer and the Group – Hive Down".
As part of its further capital enhancing actions, and following completion of the Galaxy Securitisation, Alpha 
Holdings set out its intention for further deleveraging its NPE stock by launching a series of transactions with 
an aggregate gross book value of more than €8.2 billion. In particular, the Group has launched the following 
transactions: (a) an NPE securitisation transaction of gross book value of €3.4 billion (Project Cosmos), for 
which a binding agreement was signed on 22 October 2021 with an application submitted under the HAPS 
scheme extension (the HAPS 2) on 15 October 2021, and which was completed on 17 December 2021; (b) an 
outright sale of a portfolio of retail unsecured NPLs with a total outstanding balance of €2.1 billion and a total 
gross book value of €1.2 billion, for which a binding agreement with Hoist Finance AB (publ) was concluded 
on 28 December 2021 (known as Project Orbit); (c) an outright sale of shipping exposures of €0.1 billion 
which was sold to Davidson Kempner (and concluded on 14 July 2022) (the DK Shipping Exposures); (d) 
together with the other Greek systemic banks, a securitisation under "Project Solar", for which an application 
was submitted under the HAPS 2 scheme on 6 October 2022 and in which the Alpha Holding's participation 
shall be €0.4 billion; (e) an outright sale of a portfolio of Cypriot NPLs and real estate properties with a total 
gross book value of around €2.4 billion, which will be sold by Alpha International Holdings S.M.S.A., a 100 
per cent. subsidiary of Alpha Holdings (known as Project Sky) and for which a binding agreement with an 
affiliate of Cerberus Capital Management L.P. was announced on 14 February 2022; and (f) two outright sales 
of a selected pool of wholesale and leasing receivables of more than €1.0 billion in aggregate.
Nevertheless, the Holdings Group's ability to complete the remaining ongoing portfolio securitisations and 
sales may be negatively impacted by deteriorating market conditions, which could decrease demand for 
outright NPE portfolio sales or negatively affect the pricing terms in such transactions. In addition, 
notwithstanding the progress achieved towards the reduction of the Holdings Group's NPE levels to date, the 
execution of each of the above-mentioned transactions aiming at the NPE reduction will be complex and entails 
certain operational and execution risks, such as the worsening of market conditions, the deterioration in the 
financial condition of the Holdings Group's borrowers, the satisfaction of applicable conditions for the transfer 
of the mezzanine notes included in the relevant transaction documents, receipt of necessary approvals from 
third parties, the most important of which are the approval of significant risk transfer by the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (SSM) so that the relevant securitisation transaction is compliant with the applicable regulatory 
framework and the approval of the granting of the Greek state guarantee under the HAPS 2 scheme, and other 
constraints stemming from events beyond the Issuer's and the Holdings Group’s control, any of which could 
cause significant interruptions or delays in the implementation of its plans or require it to complete such 
transactions on less favourable terms.
Failure to be assigned the required rating by rating agencies may result in particular transactions not being 
eligible for inclusion in the HAPS 2 scheme, as currently applicable, which may significantly affect the pricing 
of the relevant transactions.  If the Holdings Group is not able to benefit from the HAPS 2 scheme, or if it is 
required to accelerate the reduction of its NPE portfolio to comply with regulatory expectations or 
recommendations, it may be effectively compelled to increase the number of outright NPE portfolio and 
individual NPE sales, and this may lead to greater capital losses as a result of the difference between the value 
at which NPLs are recorded on the Issuer's balance sheet and the consideration that investors specialised in 
NPE acquisitions are prepared to offer, or may lead to greater write-down of loans or a requirement to create 
additional provisions.
Furthermore, notwithstanding the efforts of the Greek government and the EU to address the economic impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that the expected improvement in the macroeconomic 
performance and growth will indeed materialise, particularly in light of other intervening events that have 
weighed on global economic conditions, such as the war in Ukraine. Additionally, any potential change in the 
regulatory framework could result in an increase of future provisions, the need for additional capital, the 
classification of loans and exposures as "non-performing" and a corresponding significant decrease in the

--- Page 46 ---
46
Group's revenue, which could materially and adversely affect its financial position, capital adequacy and 
results of operations.
The Group's failure to reduce its NPE levels on a timely basis, or in its entirety, or on the terms that it currently 
expects, could adversely affect its financial condition, capital adequacy and operating results.
1.2.2
The Issuer is exposed to the financial performance and creditworthiness of companies and individuals 
in Greece.
The Issuer is one of the four systemic Greek banks. Its business, results of operations and financial condition 
are significantly exposed to the economic and financial performance, creditworthiness, prospects and 
economic outlook of companies and individuals in Greece or with a significant economic exposure to the 
Greek economy. In addition, its business activities depend on the level of customer demand for banking, and 
financial products and services, as well as customers' capacity to service their obligations or maintain or 
increase their demand for its services. Customer demand and customers' ability to service their liabilities 
depend considerably on their overall economic confidence, prospects, employment status, the state of the 
public finances in Greece, investment and procurement by the central government and municipalities and the 
general availability of liquidity and funding on reasonable terms.
In an environment that is subject to continuing market turbulence, uncertain macroeconomic conditions, 
political uncertainty and elevated levels of unemployment, combined with decreasing private consumption and 
corporate investment and the deterioration of credit profiles of corporate and retail borrowers further due to 
the COVID-19 pandemic, the value of the assets which collateralise the loans the Issuer has extended, 
including houses and other immovable property, could be significantly reduced. Such reduction may lead to 
the reduction in the value of the loans made by the Issuer or an increase in loans in arrears. Further waves of 
the COVID-19 pandemic have delayed the economic recovery in Greece. The Greek economy may not achieve 
the sustained and robust growth that is necessary to ease the financial constraints of the country and improve 
conditions for foreign direct investment and the availability of funding from the capital markets. 
Notwithstanding the recent exit from the enhanced surveillance programme (August 2022), the Greek economy 
will continue to be affected by the creditworthiness of commercial counterparties internationally and the 
repercussions arising from the global economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and, more 
recently, the war in Ukraine. The prospect of a severe economic recession, coupled with prolonged market 
uncertainty and volatility in asset prices, higher unemployment rates, and declining consumer spending and 
business investment, could result in substantial impairments in the values of the Issuer's loan assets, decreased 
demand for borrowings, increased deposit outflows and a significant increase in the level of the Issuer's NPEs.
1.2.3
Deteriorating asset valuations resulting from poor market conditions, particularly in relation to 
developments in the real estate markets, may adversely affect the Issuer's future earnings, capital 
adequacy, financial condition and results of operations 
The global economic slowdown has resulted in an increase in NPEs and changes in the fair values of the 
Issuer's exposures. A substantial portion of the Issuer's loans to corporate and individual borrowers is secured 
by collateral such as real estate, personal guarantees, vessels, term deposits and receivables. In particular, as 
residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed loans are one of the Issuer's principal assets, it is highly 
exposed to the Greek real estate market. Real estate property values depend on various factors including, 
among others, current rental values and occupancy rates, prospective rental growth, lease length, tenant 
creditworthiness and solvency, together with the nature, location and physical condition of the property 
concerned, changes in laws, inflation and governmental regulations governing real estate usage, zoning and 
taxes. In addition, real estate markets are typically cyclical in nature, difficult to predict and are affected by 
the condition of the economy as a whole.  
Under the unprecedented conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic, there have been significant changes 
in the real estate market, several of which are expected to remain and affect market balances, even in the long 
run, despite the fact that the impact of the current health crisis has not yet been fully reflected in real estate

--- Page 47 ---
47
prices and trends. In particular, property prices have been adversely affected by, amongst other things, weak 
credit flows, oversupply in low demand areas and a high unemployment rate (11.6 per cent. in October 2022 
(EL.STAT., Labour Force Survey, Monthly data, Press Release, October 2022, published on 1 December 
2022)). Fluctuations in the real estate market affect the value of the Group's real estate collateral.
Moreover, the fallout from the conflict in Ukraine is expected to impact materially the global economic 
recovery this year, with the greatest impact in Europe. The increase in oil prices and renewed supply chain 
disruptions are also likely to further increase inflation.
A further decline in the value of collateral may also result from deterioration of financial conditions in Greece 
or the other markets where collateral is located. In addition, failure to recover the expected value of collateral 
may expose the Issuer to losses. 
Further, Greek Law 4605/2019 offers limited protections to borrowers (individuals) who have pledged their 
primary residence as collateral. This may also limit the Issuer’s ability to recover collateral. In addition, an 
increase in financial markets volatility or adverse changes in the liquidity of the Issuer's assets could impair its 
ability to value certain of its assets and exposures.  The value of any asset ultimately realised by the Issuer will 
depend on the fair value determined at that time and may be materially different from the current market value.  
Any decrease in the value of such assets and exposures could require the Issuer to recognise additional 
impairment charges, which could adversely affect its future earnings and its capital adequacy and, as a result, 
its financial condition and results of operations.
1.2.4
The Issuer may be unable to implement its cost reduction strategies or transformation plan, and thus 
fail to reduce its operating expenditures, which may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial position, and results of operations. 
As part of its cost savings strategy, the Issuer expects a substantial part of its total cost reduction to come from 
its enhanced operational efficiency and optimisation projects, which will require a reduction in its non-core 
operating expenditures and the implementation of its Updated Strategic Plan, which includes, among other 
things, moving its distribution model to digital channels, digitally transforming the end-to-end lending process 
in its Retail and Wholesale Banking units, optimising third-party costs and streamlining its cost structure. 
Although the Issuer has developed dedicated teams, including a general management team focused on 
transformation and a general management team focused on growth and innovation, in order to support the 
implementation of its Updated Strategic Plan, such implementation may be delayed or adversely impacted by 
factors beyond its control, or the positive impact of the Updated Strategic Plan may be less than anticipated. 
Inability to implement or to implement in a timely manner these strategies and achieve the Group's 
transformation objectives may adversely affect its business, financial position, and results of operations
1.2.5
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk, market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk and litigation risk.
As a result of its day-to-day activities, the Issuer is exposed to a variety of risks, including credit risk, market 
risk, operational risk, liquidity risk and litigation risk For more information on these and other risks facing the 
Issuer's business, see below and "Risk Management". The Issuer's failure to effectively manage any of these 
risks could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.
1.2.6
Credit risk
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer's businesses. Its exposure to credit risk mainly arises 
from corporate and retail credit, various investments, over-the-counter derivative transactions, as well as from 
the settlement of transactions. The amount of risk associated with such credit exposures depends on various 
factors, including general economic conditions, market developments, the debtor's financial condition, the 
amount, type or duration of the relevant exposure and the existence of collateral and guarantees, which the

--- Page 48 ---
48
Issuer may not be able to assess with accuracy at the time of undertaking the relevant activity. Adverse changes 
in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in the Greek, 
European and global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the financial systems, could affect 
the recoverability and value of its assets and require an increase in its impairment losses and provisions to 
cover credit risk.
1.2.7
Market risk 
The most significant market risks that the Issuer faces are interest rate, foreign exchange and bond and equity 
price risks.  Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised 
between the Issuer’s lending and borrowing costs.  Changes in currency rates affect the value of the Issuer’s 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing.  
The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer's investment and trading 
portfolios.  Moreover, the Issuer does not hedge all of its risk exposure in all market environments or against 
all types of risk. In addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting from certain hedges are recorded 
may result in additional volatility in the Issuer's reported earnings.  The undiversified 1 day value at risk (VaR) 
estimate for the Issuer's trading book as of 30 September 2022 was €775,000 (rounded) (consisting of €516,000 
for foreign exchange risk and €259,000 for interest rate risk).  The 1 day VaR as of 30 September 2022 is 
reduced by €287,000 to €488,000 due to the diversification effect of the Issuer's portfolio. The Group's 
subsidiaries and branches have limited trading positions, which are immaterial compared to the positions of 
the Issuer. As a result, the market risk effect deriving from these positions on the total income is immaterial. 
The VaR measure is an estimate of the potential reduction in the net present value of a portfolio, over a 
specified period and with a specified confidence level. For a detailed discussion on the various methods of 
calculating the VaR and its use for the calculation of the market risk see "Risk Management – Market ".
1.2.8
Operational risk
The Issuer's businesses are dependent on their ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently 
and accurately.  Operational risk and losses can result from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events such as fraud or other malicious acts from third parties (such as robberies or 
terrorist activities), cyber-attacks, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain 
proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, 
equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external systems including those of the Issuer's suppliers 
or counterparties. Furthermore, the Issuer faces the risk of legal and regulatory sanctions, financial loss and/or 
impacts on its reputation, which may result from a breach of, or non-compliance with, the applicable legal and 
regulatory framework, contractual obligations and codes of conduct related to its activities.
1.2.9
Liquidity risk
The Issuer’s inability to anticipate and take appropriate measures regarding unforeseen decreases or changes 
in funding sources could have an adverse effect on its ability to meet its obligations when they fall due.
1.2.10 Litigation risk
In the context of its day-to-day operations the Issuer is exposed to litigation risk, among other things, as a 
result of changing and developing consumer protection legislation and legislation on the provision of banking 
and investment services. The cost of defending any claims and any associated settlement costs can be 
substantial, even with respect to claims that have no merit. In addition, adverse judgments arising from 
litigation could result in restrictions or limitations on the Issuer's operations or result in a material adverse 
impact on its reputation or financial condition.  Although the Issuer believes that it conducts its operations 
pursuant to applicable laws and takes all necessary measures for adapting its operations to legislative 
amendments, there can be no assurance that significant litigation will not arise in the future.

--- Page 49 ---
49
In 2015 and 2016, orders for preliminary investigation were made in respect of the credit process for the 
extension of loans by certain Greek banks to borrowers in certain business sectors, including publishing groups, 
as well as to certain individuals.  These investigation orders concerned, among other things, three Executive 
Members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer (not including the Chief Executive Officer) and one Non-
Executive Member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer (who was formerly an Executive Member), together 
with certain other officers of the Issuer. Indictments were issued and orders for main investigations made in 
respect of each case, whilst one case has reached the level of public hearings.  The individuals were charged 
with “breach of trust” (pursuant to Article 390 of the Greek Criminal Code).  The charges related to certain 
loans made by the Issuer to certain companies or individuals and concerned the making of such loans, on-
going maintenance and forbearance in respect of such loans and/or writing off such loans in settlement for 
other claims. One of these cases reached the level of a public hearing and, in October 2019, an acquittal for all 
Members of the Board of Directors and officers of the Issuer was ordered by the court in respect of such case.  
Further, on 13 November 2019, the Hellenic Parliament approved an amendment of the Greek Criminal Code 
(the Amendment of the Criminal Code), as a result of which cases of "breach of trust" will be pursued only 
following complaints by the person having suffered damage from the alleged breach.  Any pending 
proceedings, such as those described above, where no such complaint has been filed, will be continued only if 
such person specifically requests that the proceedings be continued within a period of four months as of the 
date of enactment of the Amendment of the Criminal Code. Otherwise they will be dismissed.
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has considered, in the context of the Amendment of the Criminal Code, 
whether any request should be made or not in connection with the above cases.  Such consideration was made 
on the basis of legal opinions sought on all such cases, which concluded that in the view of the experts issuing 
the relevant opinions, the existing or previous Members of the Board or the Senior Management of the Issuer, 
investigated or charged with the crime of breach of trust in the above cases, should be acquitted. On this basis 
the Board of Directors has decided not to file any request that the relevant proceedings of the aforesaid cases 
should continue.
Certain Judicial Councils (convening in Chambers), considering whether cases involving Greek bank officials, 
including existing or previous Members of the Board or the Senior Management of the Issuer, should be 
dismissed, expressed the view that the Amendment of the Criminal Code is against the Greek Constitution and 
the matter was referred to the Greek Supreme Court (in Greek "Άρειος Πάγος"), again convening in Chambers.  
The Greek Supreme Court by virtue of its Decision 158/2021 ruled in favour of the compliance of the 
Amendment of the Criminal Code with the Greek Constitution, a ruling which has already been followed in 
one of the cases, involving existing or previous Members of the Board or the Senior Management of the Issuer, 
which is now expected to be followed by all Courts and Judicial Councils.
Whilst the Issuer is co-operating with the public prosecutor in relation to such charges, neither the Issuer itself 
nor any other member of the Group is the subject of any related proceedings
Hellenic Competition Commission (HCC) officials visited, among other entities, the Issuer's headquarters on 
7 and 8 November 2019, with authorisation to inspect documents and data in connection with alleged 
infringements of Article 101 of the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union and its Greek equivalent.  
The Issuer is cooperating with and will continue to cooperate with the HCC.  As per a press release of the 
HCC, the fact that the HCC carries out inspections does not mean that the inspected companies are involved 
in any sort of anti-competitive behaviour, nor does it prejudge the outcome of the investigation itself. Further, 
as per a press release of the HCC, published on 7 October 2022, the case was prioritised, and a Commissioner-
Rapporteur was assigned to the case.
In July 2021 a Court of First Instance ruled against the Issuer and certain members of its current and previous 
management in relation to an aborted initial public offering which was launched in 2000 by a hotel business, 
ordering the payment of an amount of €65 million, accepting the allegations of the claimant (the proposed 
issuer of the shares) that it decided to abort the initial public offering on the basis of advice and commitments 
by the Issuer, which the claimant alleges were not met. The Issuer filed an appeal against the said Court of 
First Instance Decision and in December 2022 the Athens Court of Appeal overturned the decision, dismissing

--- Page 50 ---
50
the claim against the Issuer and certain members of its current and previous management, and the order for the 
payment of an amount of €65 million. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the claimants will not file 
a challenge against the said Decision of the Court of Appeal before the Supreme Court (Areios Pagos).
Legal and regulatory actions (including those referred to above) are subject to many uncertainties, and their 
outcomes, including the timing, amount of fines or settlements or the form of any settlements, which may be 
material and in excess of any related provisions, are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages 
of a case or investigation, and the Issuer’s expectation for resolution may change.  In addition, responding to 
and defending any current or potential proceedings involving the Group or any of its directors and other 
employees (including those referred to above) may be expensive and may result in diversion of management 
resources (including the time of the affected persons or other Group employees) even if the actions are 
ultimately unsuccessful.
Adverse outcomes or resolution of current or future legal or regulatory actions (including those referred to 
above) may result in additional supervision by the Group’s regulators and/or changes in the directors, officers 
or other employees of the Group and could result in further proceedings or actions being brought against any 
of the Group’s directors, officers or other employees.  They may also adversely impact investor confidence 
and the Group’s broader reputation.  
In addition, legal and regulatory actions involving the Group (for the avoidance of doubt, not including those 
referred to above) may also result in fines, administrative sanctions (including restrictions on operations, 
regulatory licence revocation, etc.), settlements or damages being awarded against the Group, further actions 
or civil proceedings being brought against Alpha Holdings or any of its subsidiaries and potentially have other 
adverse effects on the business of the Group. 
Accordingly, any such legal proceedings and other actions involving the Issuer, any member of the Group or 
any of its directors or other employees may adversely affect the Group’s profitability, reputation and business.
1.2.11 Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Issuer’s net interest income and have other adverse 
consequences
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies and 
domestic and international economic and political conditions. As such, there can be no assurance that further 
domestic or international events will not alter the interest rate environment in Greece and the other markets in 
which the Group operates.  Cost of funding is especially at risk for the Issuer due to increased Eurosystem 
funding (the Eurozone being the monetary authority of the euro area and being comprised of the ECB and the 
national central banks of EU member states whose currency is the euro). See "Risk Management – Interest 
Rate Risk of the Banking Book".
As with any credit institution, changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rates charged on interest-
earning assets differently from the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities.  This difference could 
reduce the Issuer’s net interest income.  Since the majority of the Issuer's loan portfolio effectively re-prices 
within a year, rising interest rates may also result in an increase in its allowance for impairment on loans and 
advances to customers if customers cannot refinance in a higher interest rate environment.  Further, an increase 
in interest rates may reduce clients' capacity to repay in the current economic circumstances.
1.2.12
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (the HFSF), in its capacity as shareholder of Alpha Holdings, 
has certain rights in relation to the operation and business decisions of the Issuer 
The first Stabilisation Programme, as established in May 2010, introduced restructuring measures such as the 
establishment of the HFSF whose only shareholder is the Hellenic Republic and whose role was to maintain 
the stability of the Greek banking system by providing capital support in the form of ordinary shares or 
contingent convertible securities or other convertible securities to credit institutions licensed by the Bank of 
Greece and operating in Greece. The ESM Programme and Greek Law 3864/2010, as amended and in force

--- Page 51 ---
51
(the HFSF Law) provide the HFSF, through its representative, with specific shareholders' and information 
rights in the credit institutions in which it has committed to participate by means of the share capital increases.
The HFSF became a shareholder of Alpha Holdings in 2013, in the context of the recapitalisation of Greek 
credit institutions by the HFSF, whereby it acquired 83.70 per cent. of its share capital. The Group has not 
received since then any further recapitalisation funds from the HFSF, and the HFSF's shareholding amounted 
to 9.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2022. Accordingly, the HFSF is entitled to exercise influence over the 
operations of the Group. 
More specifically, the HFSF is entitled to the appointment of a member to Alpha Holdings' and the Issuer's 
Board of Directors and has the power, according to the HFSF Law, to veto, through such member, decisions 
relating to dividend distributions and remuneration policies for so long as the NPE ratio remains above 10 per 
cent. and, irrespective of the NPE ratio, decisions on the amendment of the articles of incorporation of Alpha 
Holdings and the Issuer requiring a resolution by increased in quorum and majority decision of the 
shareholders' meeting. As of 30 September 2022, the NPE ratio of the Group was 8.0 per cent.. Additionally, 
the HFSF may appoint at least one member of each of the Audit Committee, the Risk Management Committee, 
the Remuneration Committee and the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee of each of Alpha 
Holdings and the Issuer. For additional information on the HFSF Law, see "Regulation and Supervision of 
Banks in Greece – The HFSF". 
In addition to the provisions of the HFSF Law, and pursuant to the Relationship Framework Agreement 
originally entered into on 12 June 2013 and subsequently replaced by the New Relationship Framework 
Agreement (the New RFA), entered into on 23 November 2015, the HFSF has a series of information rights 
with respect to matters pertaining to the Group and the Issuer (for more information please refer to "Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece – The HFSF).
Pursuant to the provisions of Law 4941/2022, which amended the HFSF Law in June 2022, the HFSF shall 
publish a divestment policy pursuant to which the HFSF shall proceed with divesting from the Greek systemic 
banks, including the Group.  Such divestment policy was submitted for approval pursuant to Law 4941/2022 
to the Minister of Finance before its publication.
Consequently, as a result of the powers that the HFSF has under the HFSF Law and the New RFA, the HFSF 
may exercise influence over the functioning and decision making of Alpha Holdings' and the Issuer's Board of 
Directors and such influence may affect the Group's business and strategy.
1.2.13 Existing market fluctuations and volatility may result in significant losses in the commercial and 
investment activities of the Group, which could adversely affect its profitability
Positions in the Group’s trading and investment portfolio which relate to the debt, currency, equity and other 
markets could be adversely affected by continuing volatility in financial and other markets, creating a risk of 
substantial losses.
Continuing volatility and further dislocation affecting certain financial markets and asset classes could also 
further impact the Group's results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  In the future, these factors 
could have an impact on the mark-to-market valuations of assets in the Group's investment securities, trading 
securities, loans measured at fair value through profit and loss and financial assets and liabilities for which the 
fair value option has been elected.
Volatility can also lead to losses relating to a broad range of other trading securities and derivatives held, 
including swaps, futures, options and structured products. Losses in the commercial and investment activities 
of the Group may adversely affect its ability to lend and its profitability.

--- Page 52 ---
52
1.2.14 The Group is vulnerable to the ongoing disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets.
The Group's results of operations are materially affected by many factors of a global nature, including: political 
and regulatory risks and the condition of public finances; the availability and cost of capital; the liquidity of 
global markets; the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates; currency values; 
the availability and cost of funding; inflation; the stability and solvency of financial institutions and other 
companies; investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets; or a combination of the above factors.
Most of the economies with which Greece has strong export links are currently encountering significant 
economic headwinds, have been and continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and 
continue to face high levels of private or public debt and in certain cases high unemployment rates. Increasing 
downside risks on the back of a weaker external environment may restrict the European economic recovery, 
which remains greatly dependent on accommodative monetary policy. Moreover, the fallout from the conflict 
in Ukraine is expected to impact materially the global economic recovery this year, with the greatest impact in 
Europe. The increase in oil prices and renewed supply chain disruptions also are likely to further increase 
inflation.
In financial markets, concerns about, amongst other things, the longer-term economic impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic and geopolitical tensions (including the war in Ukraine), which among other impacts have created 
significant inflationary pressures in the global economy, are expected to continue to affect market sentiment 
and contribute to volatility, with a corresponding negative impact on the Group's financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.
1.2.15 Soundness of other financial institutions.
The Group routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. Such 
financial counterparties are subject to many of the pressures faced by the Group as described above. Concerns 
about, or a default by, one financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults 
by other financial institutions. 
The exclusion of Russian banks from SWIFT and the sanctions imposed on Russian persons and assets in the 
US, Europe and Canada are expected to have a material adverse effect not only on Russian borrowers, 
increasing the risk of defaults, but also the global economy as a whole.
Many of the routine transactions into which the Group enters expose it to significant credit risk in the event of 
default by one of its significant counterparties. Such default by a significant financial counterparty, or liquidity 
problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and capital position.
1.2.16 The Issuer faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks and may not be able to preserve 
its customer base, especially if it fails to complete its digital transformation
The general scarcity of wholesale funding since the onset of the economic crisis has led to a significant increase 
in competition for retail deposits in Greece and significant consolidation of the Greek banking system.  The 
Issuer also faces competition from foreign banks.  The Issuer may not be able to continue to compete 
successfully with domestic and international banks in the future.  These competitive pressures on the Group 
may have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
The Group's success depends on its ability to maintain high levels of loyalty among its customer base and to 
offer a wide range of competitive and high-quality products and services to its customers.  In order to pursue 
these objectives, the Group has adopted a strategy of segmentation of its customer base, aimed at serving the 
various needs of each segment in the most suitable manner.  Moreover, the Group seeks to maintain long-term 
financial relations with its customers through the sale of anchor products and services, namely mortgage loans,

--- Page 53 ---
53
salary accounts, standing transfers, credit cards, saving products and bank assurance products.  Nevertheless, 
high levels of competition in Greece and in other countries where the Group operates, and an increased 
emphasis on cost reduction may result in an inability to maintain high loyalty levels of the Group's customer 
base, provide competitive products and services, or maintain high customer service standards, each of which 
may adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Additionally, the banking sector as a whole is undergoing a digital and technological transformation, with new 
entrants in the banking and payment processing sectors who in the future may challenge the competitive 
position of traditional credit institutions, including the Issuer. A failure or delay by the Group to achieve its 
Updated Strategic Plan with respect to service and operational digitisation may impact its ability to compete 
with new industry entrants.
1.2.17 Laws regarding the bankruptcy of individuals and regulations governing creditors' rights may limit 
the Group's ability to receive payments on NPEs, increasing the requirements for provisioning in its 
financial statements and impacting its results and operations
Laws regarding the bankruptcy of individuals and other laws and regulations governing creditors' rights 
generally vary significantly within the countries in which the Group operates.  In some countries, including 
Greece, bankruptcy, insolvency, enforcement and other laws and regulations affecting creditors' rights offer 
less protection for creditors compared with the bankruptcy regime in the United Kingdom or the United States.  
In October 2020 a new bankruptcy code was enacted in Greece by virtue of Greek Law 4738/2020, as most 
recently amended by virtue of Greek Laws 4818/2021, 4820/2021 and 4821/2021 (the Insolvency Code).  The 
Insolvency Code introduced a major reform of the Greek bankruptcy and insolvency regime, aimed at 
facilitating and enhancing resolution of insolvency cases and pre-insolvency debt restructuring.  Key changes 
of the Insolvency Code include the introduction of a new out-of-court workout process, based on the 
development of an electronic platform and an algorithm determining the viability of the debtor's debts post-
restructuring, the introduction of a bankruptcy regime for over-indebted individuals who are not entrepreneurs, 
a new sale-and-lease-back scheme for primary residence protection, and shorter and automatic debt discharge 
periods. The new out-of-court workout process and the new bankruptcy proceedings set out in the Insolvency 
Code entered into force on 1 June 2021 as they required the issuance of 53 pieces of secondary legislation as 
well as the development of an electronic platform and a special algorithm for debt viability analysis purposes. 
For those whose business activity exceeds €350,000 and whose turnover exceeds €700,000, the pre-bankruptcy 
rehabilitation proceedings (in Greek "Εξυγίανση") and second chance process came into effect from 1 March 
2021.
If the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic persist or worsen, or the economic environment otherwise 
deteriorates, including as a result of the adverse economic impact expected from the war in Ukraine, 
bankruptcies, other insolvency procedures and governmental measures, including payment and enforcement 
moratoria, could intensify or applicable laws and regulations may be amended to limit the impact of the crisis 
on corporate and retail debtors. Furthermore, the heavy workload that local courts may face, and the 
cumbersome and time consuming administrative and other processes and requirements which apply to 
restructuring, insolvency and enforcement measures, may delay final court judgements on insolvency, 
rehabilitation and enforcement proceedings. Such changes or an unsuccessful implementation of the new 
insolvency framework in Greece may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. In addition, any potential further measures (including any measures related 
to efforts to alleviate the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic that may be introduced or reinstated from time to 
time) that may increase the protection of debtors and/or impede the Group's ability to collect overdue debts or 
enforce securities in a timely manner (which would lead to an increase in the number of NPEs and/or a 
reduction in the amount of collections on NPEs compared to the Group's plans), resulting in a corresponding 
increase in provisions, may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, capital 
position and financial condition. For more information on COVID-19 protective measures that may be 
reinstated from time to time, see "Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece –Further protective measures 
related to the COVID-19 pandemic".

--- Page 54 ---
54
1.2.18 Changes in consumer protection laws might limit the fees that the Group may charge in certain 
banking transactions
Changes in consumer protection laws in Greece and other jurisdictions where the Group has operations could 
limit the fees that banks may charge for certain products and services such as mortgages, unsecured loans and 
credit cards.  If introduced, such laws could reduce the Group's net income, though the amount of any such 
reduction cannot be estimated at this time.  Such effects could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
1.2.19 The planned creation of a deposit guarantee system applicable throughout the EU may result in 
additional costs to the Group  
The harmonisation of deposit guarantee systems throughout the EU will represent significant changes to the 
mechanisms of the deposit guarantee systems currently in force in individual countries.
Greece has transposed Directive 94/19/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 1994 on 
deposit-guarantee schemes by virtue of Greek Law 3746/2009, which established the Hellenic Deposit and 
Investment Guarantee Fund (the HDIGF). Greek Law 3746/2009, in relation to the HDIGF, was abolished by 
Greek law 4370/2016, which transposed Directive 2014/49/EC into Greek Law.  Three different schemes are 
run by the HDIGF, each regulated by a different set of legal provisions: the first is the deposit guarantee scheme 
(the DGS), the second is the investment guarantee scheme and the third is the scheme funding resolutions.  
The DGS is financed both on an ex ante and on an ex post basis.  All credit institutions licensed by the Bank 
of Greece are obliged, by virtue of article 5 of Greek Law 4370/2016, to participate in the DGS.
The Issuer may be required, pursuant to EU law, to make contributions that are higher than those currently 
required under applicable national law, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s operating results.
1.2.20 The Group may not be able to treat its deferred tax assets as regulatory capital (to the full extent or 
partially), which may have an adverse effect on its capital position
The Group currently includes deferred tax assets (DTAs) calculated in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) in calculating its capital and capital adequacy ratios.  
Under applicable capital requirements regulations, DTAs recognised pursuant to IFRS, which are based on the 
assumption of the future profitability of a credit institution and which exceed certain thresholds, must be 
deducted from the Group’s CET1 capital. This deduction is to be implemented gradually until 2024 and had a 
significant impact on Greek credit institutions, including the Issuer, when it was introduced in 2013. 
Since then, new Greek legislation has been introduced that permits Greek credit institutions, including the 
Issuer, to deduct the transaction loss from the exchange of Greek government bonds or corporate bonds 
guaranteed by the Greek state, in application of a participation programme in the redistribution of Greek debt 
(of par. 2 of article 27 of law 4172/2013 of Greek law) as a priority compared to the transaction loss due to 
credit risk. The amount of the annual transaction loss from credit risk deduction is limited to the amount of the 
annual gains determined under tax law, before the deduction of these losses resulting from credit risk and after 
the deduction of the loss resulting from the PSI bond exchange, see "Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece – PSI Program". The remaining amount of the annual deduction that has not been offset is carried 
forward for deduction in subsequent tax years within the twenty-year period, in which the remaining profits 
will remain after the annual deduction of the transaction losses corresponding to those years. The order of 
deduction of the transferred amounts is preceded by the older transaction loss balances compared to the newer 
ones. If at the end of the twenty-year amortisation period there are balances that have not been offset, these are 
losses subject to the five-year transfer rule. It is noted that the above provision does not affect the rate of the 
depreciation for regulatory purposes of the DTA, neither retrospectively nor in the future, i.e. the DTA will 
continue to be depreciated on a straight line basis (one-twentieth per year), for both previous, as well as for 
future sales of NPLs. This legislation permits Greek credit institutions, including the Issuer, to treat such

--- Page 55 ---
55
eligible DTAs as not “relying on future profitability” for the purpose of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as 
amended, the CRR). As a result, such DTAs are not deducted from CET1 capital but are rather assigned a risk 
weight of 100 per cent., thereby improving an institution’s capital position, see “Regulation and Supervision 
of Banks in Greece – Deferred Tax Assets (DTAs)”. As at 30 September 2022, the Group's eligible DTAs were 
€2.8 billion. 
As at 30 September 2022, 61.1 per cent. of the Group's CET1 capital  was comprised of deferred tax credits 
(DTCs). Any adverse change in the regulations governing the use of DTCs as part of the Group's regulatory 
capital could also affect the Group's capital base and capital ratios. If any of the above risks materialises, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to maintain sufficient regulatory capital, which may 
in turn require the Group to issue additional instruments qualifying as regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to 
curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operating results, financial condition and prospects.
1.2.21 The Group could be exposed to future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities
The personnel of the Group in Greece are insured with funds providing social security (main pension, auxiliary 
pension, health and welfare).  As of 31 December 2021 on a consolidated basis, the Group's employee defined 
benefit obligations amounted to €29.4 million.  These amounts were calculated on the basis of specific 
economic and demographic assumptions.  Should future events deviate from these assumptions, the Issuer's 
liabilities may significantly increase.
The Issuer's liabilities may further increase with respect to employees who have been insured members and 
were hired prior to 31 December 2004 as, pursuant to the amendments of Greek Law 3455/2006 which 
transposed Directive 2002/87/EC into Greek law, the social contributions that are paid over the service life of 
said employees for the supplementary pension are larger compared to the respective contributions which are 
stipulated by law for other salaried employees.    
The passing of Greek Law 4387/2016, as well as several other pension and social insurance reform laws, 
including Greek Law 4670/2020, introduced radical changes to the structure and mode of operation of the 
insurance system. These developments, which are targeted at creating a viable and sustainable general pension 
system and minimising state subsidies through, among other things, the consolidation of pension funds, may 
alter the liabilities of the banking sector and hence of the Group in respect of contributions to meet actuarial 
or operational deficits of the pension funds.  Moreover, it is impossible to predict potential legal challenges 
against the consolidations of pension funds, or the outcome of such disputes.
1.2.22 If the Group's reputation is damaged, this would affect its image and customer relations, which could 
adversely affect business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects
Reputational risk is inherent to the Group's business activities.  Negative public opinion towards the Group or 
the financial services sector as a whole could result from real or perceived practices in the banking sector, such 
as money laundering, internal or external fraud, negligence during the provision of financial products or 
services, or even from the way that the Group conducts, or is perceived to conduct, its business.  Although the 
Group makes all possible efforts to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, negative publicity and 
negative public opinion could adversely affect the Group's ability to maintain and attract customers, in 
particular, institutional and retail depositors, which could adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
1.2.23 The Greek banking sector is subject to strikes, which may adversely affect the Group's operations
Most of the Issuer's employees belong to a union and the Greek banking industry has been subject to strikes 
over wage and pension issues.  Prolonged strikes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operations 
in the Hellenic Republic, either directly or indirectly - for example, it could have an impact on the willingness

--- Page 56 ---
56
or ability of the Greek government to pass the reforms necessary to successfully implement its post-ESM 
Programme commitments.
1.2.24 The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgements and estimates that may change over time or may not be 
accurate
In establishing the fair value of certain financial instruments, the Group relies on quoted market prices or, 
where the market for a financial instrument is not sufficiently active, internal valuation models that utilise 
observable financial market data.  In certain circumstances, the data for individual financial instruments or 
classes of financial instruments utilised by such valuation models may not be available or may become 
unavailable due to changes in financial market conditions.  In such circumstances, the Group's internal 
valuation models require the Group to make assumptions, judgements and estimates to establish fair value.  
These internal valuation models are complex, and the assumptions, judgements and estimates the Group is 
required to make often relate to matters that are inherently uncertain, such as expected cash flows. Such 
assumptions, judgements and estimates may need to be updated to reflect changing facts, trends and market 
conditions.  The resulting change in the fair values of the financial instruments could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's earnings and financial condition.  Also, market volatility and illiquidity make it difficult 
to value certain of the Group's financial instruments.  Valuations in future periods, reflecting prevailing market 
conditions, may result in changes in the fair values of these instruments, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's results, financial condition and prospects, particularly if any of the various instruments 
and strategies that are used to economically hedge exposure to market risk is not effective.
1.2.25 The Issuer is exposed to risk of fraud and illegal activities of other forms which, if they are not dealt 
with successfully or in a timely manner, could have negative effects on its business, financial condition, 
results of operation and prospects
The Group is subject to rules and regulations related to money laundering and terrorism financing. Compliance 
with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing rules entails significant cost and effort, especially after 
the imposition of a new set of sanctions on Russia, Russian individuals and Russian assets in light of the war 
in Ukraine. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal and 
reputational consequences.  Although current anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and 
procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with applicable legislation, it cannot be guaranteed that they 
will comply at all times with all rules applicable to money laundering and terrorism financing as extended to 
the whole Group and applied to its workers in all circumstances.  A possible violation, or even any suspicion 
of a violation of these rules, may have serious legal and financial consequences, which could have a material 
and adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
1.2.26 Economic hedging may not prevent losses
If any of the various instruments and strategies that are used to economically hedge exposure to market risk is 
not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. Many of the Issuer's hedging strategies are based on historical trading 
patterns and correlations. Unexpected market developments may therefore adversely affect the effectiveness 
of these hedging strategies. 
1.2.27 The Group may have to bear additional costs in regard to staff costs.
Under the measures for the implementation of its strategy, the number of the Group's employees in Greece 
between 2020 and 2022 was significantly reduced (7,361 employees as of 31 December 2020, 5,919 employees 
as of 31 December 2021 and 5,936 employees as of 31 December 2022 as a result of the voluntary separation 
schemes described below as well as completion of the transfer of the Issuer's business of servicing NPEs to 
Cepal Hellas. In September 2019, the Group announced a voluntary exit scheme with a total cost of €46.9 
million for the year ended 31 December 2019 and, in 2021, announced voluntary separation schemes with a 
total cost of €97.2 million.  While the Group is fully compliant with the relevant provisions of applicable

--- Page 57 ---
57
legislation, it cannot know whether, nor guarantee that, these measures or any other future action relating to 
the implementation of any potential further reduction in the number of the Group's employees will not result 
in legal disputes or disruption to its business activities. Such initiatives on a large scale may lead to additional 
restructuring expenditure in terms of staff costs.
1.2.28
The Group's systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, vulnerable to an increasing 
risk of continually evolving cyber security risks or other technological risks which could result in the 
disclosure of confidential client or customer information, damage to the Group's reputation, 
additional costs to the Group, regulatory penalties and financial losses
A significant portion of the Group's operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission 
of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex transactions on 
a constant basis.  The Group stores an extensive amount of personal and client-specific information for its 
retail, corporate and governmental customers and clients and must accurately record and reflect their extensive 
account transactions.  The proper functioning of the Group's payment systems, financial and sanctions controls, 
risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other information technology 
systems, as well as the communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, is 
critical to the Group's operations.  These activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing 
risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is also continually evolving.  The Group's computer systems, software 
and networks have been and will continue to be threatened by unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data 
(including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service, computer viruses or 
other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events.  These threats may derive from human error, fraud or 
malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure.  If one or 
more of these events occurs, it could result in the disclosure of confidential client information, damage to the 
Group's reputation with its clients and the market, additional costs to the Group (such as repairing systems or 
adding new personnel or protection technologies), regulatory penalties and financial losses, to both the Group 
and its clients.  Such events could also cause interruptions or malfunctions in the operations of the Group (such 
as the lack of availability of the Group's online banking systems), as well as the operations of its clients, 
customers or other third parties.  Given the volume of transactions at the Group, certain errors or actions may 
be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified, which would further increase these costs 
and consequences.
In addition, third parties with which the Group does business may also be sources of cyber security risks or 
other technological risks.  The Group outsources a limited number of supporting functions, such as printing of 
customer credit card statements and processing of cards, which results in the storage and processing of 
customer information externally.  Although the Group adopts a range of actions to eliminate the exposure 
resulting from outsourcing, such as not allowing third-party access to the production systems and operating a 
highly controlled IT environment with a multi-layered defence-in-depth approach, unauthorised access, loss 
or destruction of data or other cyber incidents could occur, resulting in similar costs and consequences to the 
Group as those discussed above.  While the Group maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy 
terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber security risks such as fraud and financial crime, such 
insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.
Enforcement of the EU General Data Protection Regulation may affect the Group's business Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal 
data and on the free movement of such data (also known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation or the 
GDPR represents a new legal framework for data protection in the EU. It has applied directly in all EU Member 
States since 25 May 2018. Although a number of basic principles under the previous Greek data privacy legal 
framework remain the same under the GDPR, the GDPR also introduces new obligations on data controllers 
and enhanced rights for data subjects. 
The GDPR applies to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of an establishment of a 
controller or a processor in the EU, regardless of whether the processing takes place in the EU or not, and also 
extends to the processing of personal data of data subjects who are in the EU by a controller or processor not

--- Page 58 ---
58
established in the EU, where the processing activities are related to the offering of goods or services to such 
data subjects in the EU. Regulators have the power to impose administrative fines and penalties for a breach 
of obligations under the GDPR, including fines for serious breaches of up to 4 per cent. of the relevant 
company's total worldwide annual turnover in the preceding financial year or €20 million (whichever is higher) 
and fines of up to 2 per cent. of the relevant company's total worldwide annual turnover in the preceding 
financial year or €10 million (whichever is higher) for other specified infringements. The GDPR identifies a 
list of points to consider when imposing fines (including the nature, gravity and duration of the infringement). 
Additionally, on 29 August 2019, Greek Law 4624/2019 was enacted into Greek law, which, in conjunction 
with Greek Law 2472/1997 (some articles of which remain in force), inter alia, implements the GDPR and, 
together with Greek Law 3471/2006 and other relevant regulations, legislation and guidelines, provides for 
protections relating to the processing of personal data. The Hellenic Data Protection Authority is the competent 
authority which supervises the application of the GDPR, national data protection laws, as well as other 
regulations, legislation and guidelines with respect to the protection of personal data.
The Issuer, due to the nature of its activities, processes various types of personal information. Non-compliance 
with any applicable regulations or legislation could entail very substantial regulatory sanctions and civil claims.
1.3
Risks relating to funding 
1.3.1
The Group might have limited sources of liquidity, which are not guaranteed and the cost of which 
may increase materially
The recent economic recession in Greece has adversely affected the Group's credit risk profile, which has, 
from time to time, restricted the Group from obtaining funding in the capital markets, and increased the cost 
of such funding and the need for additional collateral requirements in repurchase contracts and other secured 
funding arrangements, including those with the Eurosystem. Although access to capital markets has gradually 
been reinstated over the last few years, concerns relating to the ongoing impact of current economic conditions 
(especially in the post-COVID-19 era), Russia's invasion of Ukraine and potential delays in the completion by 
the Hellenic Republic of key structural reforms (as part of its post-ESM Programme commitments) may restrict 
the Issuer's ability to obtain funding in the capital markets in the medium term.
The Issuer's principal sources of liquidity are (i) its deposit base, (ii) Eurosystem funding via the Targeted 
Longer-term Refinancing Operations (TLTROs) with the ECB and (iii) repurchase securities agreements 
(repos) with major foreign financial institutions. ECB funding and repos with financial institutions are 
collateralised by high quality liquid assets, such as European Financial Stability Fund (EFSF) bonds, EU 
sovereign bonds, Greek government bonds and Treasury Bills, as well as by other assets, such as highly rated 
corporate loans, covered bonds and asset backed securities issued by the Issuer. As of 24 June 2020, the Issuer 
had fully repaid the ECB its TLTRO II participation (€3.1 billion) and participated in the TLTRO III operation 
(€11.9 billion). As of 30 September 2022, the Issuer's total Eurosystem funding was €13 billion.  Any change 
in the terms of TLTRO III could affect the Issuer's liquidity position and costs. Although the Issuer's liquidity 
position has improved, with no dependence on emergency liquidity assistance (ELA) since February 2019, 
there can be no assurance that the Issuer's funding needs will continue to be met by, or that it will continue to 
have access to, Eurosystem funding in the future.
In addition, deposit outflows could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's deposit base and on the 
amount of the Issuer's ECB and ELA eligible collateral, which could have a material adverse impact on the 
Group's liquidity and the Group's access to Eurosystem funding in the future, which may in turn threaten the 
Issuer's ability to continue as a going concern.
Furthermore, the liquidity that the Issuer is able to access from the ECB or ELA may be adversely affected by 
changes in ECB and Bank of Greece rules relating to collateral. If the ECB or the Bank of Greece were to 
revise their respective collateral standards, remove asset classes from being accepted, or increase the rating 
requirements for collateral securities such that certain instruments were no longer eligible to serve as collateral

--- Page 59 ---
59
with the ECB or the Bank of Greece, or the credit rating of the Hellenic Republic is downgraded, the Issuer's 
access to these facilities could be diminished and the cost of obtaining such funds could increase.
1.3.2
An accelerated outflow of funds from customer deposits could cause an increase in the Issuer's costs 
of funding and have a material adverse effect on the Group's and the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.
Historically, one of the Issuer's principal sources of funds has been customer deposits. If depositors withdraw 
their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, or if the Issuer is unable to obtain 
the necessary liquidity by other means, it would be unable to maintain its current levels of funding without 
incurring significantly higher funding costs, having to liquidate certain assets or increasing its Eurosystem 
borrowings.
The on-going availability of customer deposits to fund the Issuer's loan portfolio is subject to potential changes 
in certain factors outside the Issuer's control, such as depositors' concerns relating to the economy in general, 
the financial services industry or the Issuer specifically, an increasing tax burden thus leading depositors to 
use their funds (and subsequently decrease their deposits), increased competition by Greek and foreign banks 
through internet deposit products, perceived risks relating to bail-in measures and the availability and extent 
of deposit guarantees. Any of these factors individually or in combination could lead to a sustained reduction 
in the Issuer's ability to access customer deposit funding on appropriate terms in the future, which would impact 
the Issuer's ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements and have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
1.4
Risks relating to regulation
1.4.1
The Group is subject to extensive and complex regulation, which is the subject of ongoing change and 
reform in each jurisdiction in which it operates, imposing a significant compliance burden on the 
Group and increasing the risk of non-compliance
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates. All of these regulatory requirements are subject to change, particularly in the 
current market environment, where there have been unprecedented levels of government intervention and 
changes to the regulations governing financial institutions. In response to the global financial crisis, national 
governments as well as supranational groups, such as the EU, have been considering and implementing 
significant changes to current bank regulatory frameworks, including those pertaining to capital adequacy, 
liquidity and the scope of banks' operations. For example, significant amendments to Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, Directive 2014/59/EU and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 were published in the Official Journal of 
the EU in June 2019. The amendments to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 introduced by virtue of Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 have been directly applicable since 28 June 2021, subject to certain exceptions, with further 
amendments introduced by Regulation (EU) 2020/873 and 2021/558 to mitigate the economic effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, Directives (EU) 2019/878 and 2019/2034, which amend Directive 
2013/36/EU, were transposed into Greek law by virtue of Greek Laws 4799/2021 and 4920/2022 respectively.  
Compliance with new requirements may also restrict certain types of transactions, affect the Group's strategy 
and limit or adversely affect the way in which the Group prices its products, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
As regulation becomes increasingly complex, the risk of non-compliance with applicable regulation increases. 
Actual or perceived non-compliance with applicable regulation could result in litigation or regulatory 
investigation, either of which could result in sanctions, monetary or otherwise. Any such sanctions could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, any determination (by a regulator or otherwise) that the Group has not complied with applicable 
regulation may have an adverse effect on the Group's reputation.

--- Page 60 ---
60
1.4.2
The Group and the Issuer are required to maintain minimum capital ratios, and changes in regulation 
may result in uncertainty about their ability to achieve and maintain required capital levels and 
liquidity.
The Group and the Issuer are required by their regulators to maintain minimum capital ratios – see "Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Guidelines for Capital Requirements". These required levels may 
increase in the future, for example pursuant to the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) as applied 
to the Group and the Issuer. In addition, the manner in which the requirements are applied may adversely affect 
the Group and/or the Issuer's capital ratios.
The Issuer, its regulated subsidiaries and its branches are subject to the risk of having insufficient capital 
resources or a lack of liquidity to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity requirements set by 
their regulators. In addition, those minimum regulatory capital requirements are likely to increase in the future 
and the methods of calculating capital resources may change, including in ways that result in the Issuer or the 
Group's capital ratios being worse than under the existing methodology for calculating them. The SSM could 
introduce risk-weighted asset (RWA) floors (as it has done in other jurisdictions), and further harmonisation 
of booking of RWAs could increase the risk weighting of exposures. In addition, proposals have been discussed 
that would cap the amount of sovereign bonds banks could hold, or assign risk weights to sovereign bond 
holdings, which could require banks to raise additional capital.
For example, under the HAPS, introduced by virtue of Law 4649/2019, and HAPS 2, the Greek government 
grants its irrevocable and unconditional guarantee in favour of the senior notes issued in the context of 
securitisation structures and submitted in the scope of HAPS. The prudential regulator has communicated that 
such senior notes with the benefit of the Greek State guarantee will receive a 0 per cent. risk weighting. The 
Issuer has retained the whole of the senior notes issued under Project Galaxy for the securitisation of NPEs, 
which has been submitted under the HAPS and has received from the State irrevocable and unconditional 
guarantee and under Project Cosmos, for which a binding agreement was signed on 22 October 2021 with an 
application submitted under the HAPS scheme extension.  Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that such 
regulatory treatment will be retained in the future or that a higher risk weighting, in the light of any adverse 
developments causing underperformance of the securitisation structures, will not be introduced.
Likewise, the Group is obliged under applicable regulations to retain a certain liquidity coverage ratio – see 
"Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Guidelines for Capital Requirements – Liquidity 
Requirements". Such liquidity requirements may come under increased scrutiny and may place additional 
stress on the Group's liquidity demands in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Compliance with new 
requirements may increase the Group's regulatory capital and liquidity requirements and costs, disclosure 
requirements, restrict certain types of transactions, affect its strategy and limit or require the modification of 
rates or fees that are charged on certain loan and other products, any of which could lower the return on the 
Group's investments, assets and equity. Any of these factors may result in the need for additional capital for 
the Group. If the Group is not able to meet its capital requirements by raising funds from the capital markets, 
it may need to seek additional funding by means of state aid and/or from the applicable resolution authority, 
thereby increasing the likelihood that shareholders will be subject to limitations on their rights and/or incur 
significant losses in their investments, inter alia, by operation of the applicable provisions of the BRRD Law 
(as defined below) and the HFSF Law. Similarly, holders of the Covered Bonds (Covered Bondholders or 
holders) may be subjected to resolution measures by the competent authority by operation of the BRRD Law 
– see further "Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Transposition of Directive 2014/59 
establishing a Framework for the Recovery and resolution of credit institutions".  
Negative results in the Group's stress testing may have an adverse effect on the Group's funding cost or the 
public's confidence in the Group and, consequently, may adversely affect its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The EBA conducts stress tests in order to evaluate the capital base of EU banks and identify potential capital 
shortfalls. Stress tests analysing the European banking sector have been, and the Issuer anticipates that they

--- Page 61 ---
61
will continue to be, published by national and supranational regulatory authorities. For example, on 30 July 
2020 the Board of Supervisors of the European Banking Authority (EBA) agreed on the tentative timeline and 
sample for the 2021 EU-wide stress test. The exercise launched on 29 January 2021 and its results were 
announced on 30 July 2021. As per such results, Alpha Holdings successfully concluded the 2021 EU-wide 
stress test. In particular, the starting point of the exercise was 31 December 2020, when the Issuer had a 
Common Equity Tier I (CET1) transitional ratio of 17.1 per cent., a CET1 fully loaded ratio of 14.6 per cent. 
as well as a leverage ratio (transitional) of 12.5 per cent. and a leverage ratio (fully loaded) of 10.7 per cent. 
Under the baseline scenario, the capital generation for the 3-year period was 2.8 per cent. absorbing 2.4 per 
cent. IFRS 9 phase-in, resulting in a 2023 CET1 transitional ratio of 17.4 per cent. The 2023 CET1 fully loaded 
ratio reached 17.3 per cent. while the 2023 leverage ratio (fully loaded) came to 13.0 per cent.   
Under the adverse scenario, the 2023 CET1 transitional ratio stood at 8.4 per cent., largely driven by the 
negative impact of credit risk. The 2023 CET1 fully loaded ratio came to 8.3 per cent., while the 2023 leverage 
ratio (fully loaded) resulted in 6.1 per cent. 
On 8 December 2021, the Board of Supervisors of the EBA decided to carry out the next EU-wide stress test 
in 2023.
Asset quality reviews and stress testing exercises in countries where the Group operates may result in 
additional capital requirements.  In addition, a loss of confidence in the banking sector following the 
announcement of any stress tests that take place from time to time regarding the Group or the Greek banking 
system as conducted in accordance with the legislative framework in force, or a market perception that any 
such stress tests are not rigorous enough, could also have a negative effect on the Group's cost of funding and 
may thus have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition.
1.4.3
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may have a material adverse effect on the Group's and 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879, Directive (EU) 2019/2034 and Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 and as may be further amended from time to time (the BRRD), sets out rules designed to harmonise 
and improve the tools for dealing with bank crises across the EU to ensure that shareholders, creditors and 
unsecured depositors mandatorily participate in the recapitalisation and/or the liquidation of troubled banks. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Greece by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015, as amended by Greek Law 
4799/2021 and most recently amended by Greek Law 4920/2022 and as amended from time to time (the BRRD 
Law) and in the other EU countries in which the Group has banking operations.
Where a financial holding company (such as Alpha Holdings) and/or a credit institution (such as the Issuer) is 
determined to be failing or likely to fail (as contemplated by the BRRD) and there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative solution would prevent such failure, various resolution actions are available to the relevant 
regulator under the BRRD comprising the asset separation tool, the bridge institution tool, the sale of business 
tool and the bail-in tool. These resolution actions are described under "Regulation and Supervision of Banks 
in Greece – Transposition of Directive 2014/59 establishing a Framework for the Recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions. The BRRD separately contemplates that certain capital instruments (including the Covered 
Bonds) and internal eligible liabilities may be subject to non-viability loss absorption in addition to the 
application of the general bail-in tool. At the point of non-viability of the Issuer or the Group, the SRB, in co-
operation with the competent resolution authority, may write down such capital instruments and eligible 
liabilities and/or convert them into shares. The "no creditor worse off" principle (as set out in Article 34(1)(g) 
of the BRRD) does not apply to non-viability loss absorption pursuant to Article 59 of the BRRD.
Should Alpha Holdings and/or the Issuer be determined to be failing or likely to fail (as contemplated by the 
BRRD), the application of any of the powers and tools under the banking recovery and resolution regulations 
applicable to it (including the BRRD) could result in the removal of its Board of Directors and management 
team and could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 62 ---
62
This could also result in Covered Bonds being written down, converted to equity or cancelled by the competent 
resolution authority, which could lead to a partial or total loss of investment by the Covered Bondholders 
regardless of whether or not the financial position of Alpha Holdings and/or Issuer is restored. The resolution 
authorities may also decide to reduce the nominal interest rate of any Covered Bonds.
The BRRD prescribes minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities in the EU legislation 
(MREL). The MREL framework provides that there should be sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity available in resolution of any credit institution to implement an orderly resolution that minimises any 
impact on financial stability, ensures the continuity of critical functions, and avoids exposing taxpayers (public 
funds) to loss. The Single Resolution Board (SRB) has been authorised to calculate and determine the level of 
MREL for each EU systemic credit institution (including the Issuer). Accordingly, the binding MREL level 
will apply to the Issuer (and its consolidated group) and not to the consolidated Group).
On 23 March 2022, the Issuer received a communication from the SRB regarding its binding MREL. The 
requirements are based on the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, i.e. Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD 
II), which was transposed under Greek Law 4799/2021 on 18 May 2021.
The SRB decision is based on a single point of entry resolution strategy through the Issuer. Alpha Holdings 
will be the sole issuer of external capital instruments (such as the notes) and has already issued Tier 2 capital 
instruments. The Issuer will be the Group's sole issuer of external MREL debt and funding instruments and 
issued €500,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Senior Preferred Notes due 2028 on 23 September 2021, €400,000,000 
Fixed Rate Reset Senior Preferred Notes due 2024 on 10 December 2021 (out of which €368.773.000 were 
repurchased on 13 December 2022 while the remining were redeemed full on 14 February 2023), €400,000,000 
Fixed Rate Reset Senior Preferred Notes due 2025 on 1 November 2022 and €450,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset 
Senior Preferred Notes due 2027 on 16 December 2022.
According to the SRB decision, the Issuer needs to meet, from 1 January 2026 on a consolidated basis, the 
following MREL requirements, namely 23.37 per cent. of Total Risk Exposure Amount (TREA) and 5.92 per 
cent. of Leverage Exposure (LRE). The final MREL target is subject to annual review. The communication 
also sets out the interim MREL requirements that must be met from 1 January 2022, namely 14.02 per cent. of 
TREA and 5.91 per cent. of LRE.  The interim MREL requirements were successfully.
The MREL ratio expressed as a percentage of TREA does not include the combined buffer requirement, 
currently at 3.50 per cent. In line with the regulatory classification of the Issuer and the 'no creditor worse off' 
assessment, no subordination requirement has been set for the Issuer. The MREL ratio for the Issuer (at a 
consolidated level) stood at 19.13 per cent. of RWAs as of 30 September 2022, while taking into account the 
two issuances of senior preferred instruments by the Issuer concluded within the fourth quarter of 2022, the 
MREL ratio increased to 20.44 per cent. of RWAs.
If market conditions are limited, this could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to comply with the SRB's 
requirements or could result in the Issuer issuing MREL at very high costs, which could adversely affect the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
If the Group fails to meet its combined buffer requirement (which will also be considered in conjunction with 
its MREL resources), resolution authorities have the power to prohibit certain distributions under the BRRD 
Law, including interest payments under the Covered Bonds.
The SRB's resolution powers (as the competent resolution authority under the BRRD) may also affect the 
confidence of the Issuer's depositors and so may have a significant impact on the Group's results of operations, 
business, assets, cash flows and financial condition, as well as on the Group's funding activities and the 
products and services it offers.

--- Page 63 ---
63
1.5
Risks relating to credit and other financial risks
1.5.1
Wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected by any future 
downgrades of the Hellenic Republic's credit rating
The capacity of the Hellenic Republic to maintain its credit ratings is an important element of its economic 
and financial recovery, and financial conditions in the private sector will, to a significant extent, depend on 
such credit ratings. However, there is still considerable uncertainty surrounding the prospective pace of 
improvement in Greece's sovereign rating.
Downgrades of the Hellenic Republic's rating could occur, for example, as a result of the deterioration of the 
country's public finances due to COVID-19, or in the event of uncertainty regarding the country's commitment 
or ability to complete all fiscal reforms or meet other related obligations within the expected timeframe, or as 
a result of macroeconomic impact caused by the conflict in Ukraine. Should any downgrades occur or rating 
outlooks turn negative, the financing costs of the Hellenic Republic would increase and its access to capital 
markets could be disrupted, with negative effects on the cost of capital for Greek banks (including the Issuer) 
and the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Downgrades of the Hellenic Republic's 
credit rating could also result in a corresponding downgrade in the Issuer's credit rating and, as a result, increase 
wholesale borrowing costs and the Group's access to liquidity, which could adversely affect the Group's 
business and results of operations.
1.6
Risks relating to operations outside the Hellenic Republic
1.6.1
The Group conducts international activities outside of Greece
In addition to its operations in the Hellenic Republic, the Group has operations in Cyprus, Romania, the UK 
and Luxembourg. The Group's operations in Cyprus and Romania are the Group's largest and most significant 
operations outside of the Hellenic Republic, accounting for 2.3 per cent. and 7.3 per cent., respectively, of the 
Group's total gross loans as of 30 September 2022. As of 30 September 2022, loans and advances to customers 
before allowance for impairment losses relating to the Group's international operations in South Eastern Europe 
(Cyprus and Romania) amounted to €3.8 billion and due to customers amounted to €5.1 billion. The Group's 
South Eastern Europe operations are exposed to the risk of adverse political, geopolitical, governmental or 
economic developments, as well as to changes in the regulatory and legal framework in the countries in which 
it operates. The war in Ukraine may adversely affect South Eastern European countries and especially the 
Cypriot economy which is more dependent on Russian economic activity. 
The majority of the Group's South Eastern Europe operations are in economies in which the Group faces 
particular operational risks and unpredictability including, amongst other things, deficit and inflation increases 
and unexpected new legislation. Such factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations and financial condition.
The Group's South Eastern Europe operations also expose the Group to foreign currency risk. A decline in the 
value of the currencies in which the Group's South Eastern Europe subsidiaries receive their income or value 
their assets relative to the value of the euro may have an adverse effect on the results of operations and financial 
condition. In addition, the event of a macroeconomic crisis in Greece may materially adversely affect the 
Group's South Eastern Europe operations and increase depositors' concerns in these countries, which may, in 
turn, affect their willingness to continue to do business with the Issuer's international subsidiaries.
On 18 July 2022, the Alpha Holdings announced that Alpha International Holdings Single Member S.A., a 
fully owned subsidiary of the Group, had completed the sale of its 100 per cent. stake in the share capital of 
Alpha Bank Albania SHA to OTP Bank Plc, following the issuance of the relevant regulatory approvals 
(Project Riviera).

--- Page 64 ---
64
B.
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS
2.1
Covered Bonds where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Covered Bonds
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds that have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination.  In such a case, a Covered Bondholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which (after deducting integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination) is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should definitive Covered Bonds be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that definitive Covered Bonds 
that have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade.
2.2
Differences in timings of obligations of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the 
Covered Bond Swaps
With respect to each of the Covered Bond Swaps, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will, periodically, 
pay or provide for payment of an amount to each corresponding Covered Bond Swap Provider based on 
EURIBOR for Euro deposits for the agreed period.  The Covered Bond Swap Provider may not be obliged to 
make corresponding swap payments to the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap until amounts are due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds.  If a Covered Bond Swap Provider does not meet its payment 
obligations to the Issuer under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement or such Covered Bond Swap 
Provider does not make a termination payment that has become due from it to the Issuer under the Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement, the Issuer may have a larger shortfall in funds with which to make payments under 
the Covered Bonds than if the Covered Bond Swap Provider's payment obligations coincided with Issuer's 
payment obligations under the Covered Bond Swap.  Hence, the difference in timing between the obligations 
of the Issuer and the obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Providers under the Covered Bond Swaps may 
affect the Issuer's ability to make payments with respect to the Covered Bonds.  A Covered Bond Swap 
Provider may be required, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, to post 
collateral with the Issuer if the relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider is downgraded by a Rating 
Agency below the rating specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement.
2.3
Series specific risks. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (or a combination 
of any of the foregoing) may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Covered Bonds may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features:
2.4
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified 
Currency.  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit other than the Specified Currency (the Investor's 
Currency).  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal

--- Page 65 ---
65
payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds.  
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal (in an 
Investor's currency-equivalent basis).  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal.
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds. If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Covered 
Bonds from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Covered Bonds concerned Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which may 
bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  
Where the Issuer has the right to affect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds.  If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates
2.5
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms or previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the 
Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final 
Maturity Date.  If the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full on the relevant Final Maturity Date such Covered 
Bonds will become Pass Through Covered Bonds.  If the Covered Bonds are not redeemed on the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date, then the Trustee shall, serve a Notice of Default on the Issuer pursuant to the 
Conditions.  Following the service of a Notice of Default: (a) any Covered Bond which has not been redeemed 
on or prior to its Extended Final Maturity Date shall remain outstanding at its Principal Amount Outstanding, 
until the date on which such Covered Bond is cancelled or redeemed; and (b) interest shall continue to accrue 
on any Covered Bond which has not been redeemed on its Extended Final Maturity Date and any payments of 
interest or principal in respect of such Covered Bond shall be made in accordance with the Post Event of 
Default Priority of Payments until the date on which such Covered Bond is cancelled or redeemed. 
The applicable Final Terms provide that the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Covered Bonds to pay the 
Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may be deferred past the Final Maturity 
Date until the Extended Final Maturity Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (such date the Extended Final 
Maturity Date).  In such case, such deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay any amount 
representing the amount due on the Final Maturity Date as set out in the Final Terms (the Final Redemption 
Amount) in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity Date provided that, any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may 
be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date.  
To the extent that the Issuer has sufficient monies available under the Priority of Payments to pay in part the 
Final Redemption Amount, partial payment of the Final Redemption Amount shall be made as described in 
Condition 7.1 (Final redemption).  Payment of the unpaid portion of the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Final Maturity Date.  The Issuer shall be entitled to make 
payments in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up until the 
Extended Final Maturity Date.

--- Page 66 ---
66
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amounts on each Interest Payment Date up to 
the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with the Conditions and the Issuer (or the Servicer on its 
behalf) will make payments on each relevant Interest Payment Date and Extended Final Maturity Date.
2.7
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value.  During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time.
2.8
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities.
2.9
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds 
or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series).  
All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and rateably without any preference or 
priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series, for all purposes except for the timing of the repayment 
of principal and the timing and amount of interest payable and will share in the security granted by the Issuer 
under the Deed of Charge.
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and service by the Trustee of a Notice of Default, the Covered 
Bonds of all outstanding Series will become immediately due and payable against the Issuer.
2.10
Eurosystem Eligibility. 
Any potential investor in the Covered Bonds should make their own conclusions and seek their own advice 
with respect to whether or not such Covered Bonds constitute Eurosystem eligible collateral.
2.11
Risks in relation to Pass Through Covered Bonds
If as a result of the occurrence of an Issuer Event a Series of Covered Bonds becomes a series of Pass Through 
Covered Bonds, there is a risk that Covered Bondholders of such series receive principal repayments earlier 
than expected, which may result in a lower yield on such Covered Bondholders' investment than expected.
If as a result of the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test all Series of Covered Bonds become Pass 
Through Covered Bonds, there is a risk that, as a consequence of all Covered Bonds becoming Pass Through 
Covered Bonds, the speed of repayment of such Pass Through Covered Bonds will be reduced, because the 
available funds for repayment will be divided pro rata with respect to all Covered Bonds.  In such case, it is 
likely that the repayment of such Covered Bonds will take longer.  Covered Bondholders should be aware that

--- Page 67 ---
67
the period in which the Issuer can repay Covered Bonds on a pass-through basis is designed to match the 
underlying maturities of the loans comprising the Cover Pool and as a result any Series of Pass Through 
Covered Bonds may take a considerable time to be redeemed in full.
2.12
Obligations under the Covered Bonds
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arrangers, the 
Dealers, the Trustee or any other party to the Programme, their officers, members, directors, employees, 
security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer.  The Issuer will be liable solely in its corporate capacity 
for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their 
respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators.
2.13
Covered Bonds not in physical form
Unless the Bearer Global Covered Bonds or the Registered Global Covered Bonds are exchanged for Bearer 
Definitive Covered Bonds or Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, respectively, which exchange will only 
occur in the limited circumstances set out under "Forms of the Covered Bonds – Bearer Covered Bonds" and 
"Forms of the Covered Bonds – Registered Covered Bonds" below, the beneficial ownership of the Covered 
Bonds will be recorded in book entry form only with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The fact that 
the Covered Bonds are not represented in physical form could, among other things:

result in payment delays on the Covered Bonds because distributions on the Covered Bonds will be 
sent by or on behalf of the Issuer to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg instead of directly to 
Covered Bondholders;

make it difficult for Covered Bondholders to pledge the Covered Bonds as security if Covered Bonds 
in physical form are required or necessary for such purposes; and

hinder the ability of Covered Bondholders to resell the Covered Bonds.
2.14
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR, SONIA and/or other interest rate benchmarks may 
affect the value, liquidity or payment of interest under the Covered Bonds. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark.
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies from 1 January 2018 in general, subject 
to certain transitional provisions. Certain requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply with respect 
to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 68 ---
68
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
Investors should be aware that the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of 
guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. .
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that:
(a)
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR and SONIA) could affect the level of the published rate, including 
to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be;
(b)
in circumstances where an amendment as described in paragraph (c) below has not been made at the 
relevant time, the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the fall-
back provisions provided for under Condition 5 (Interest) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for leading banks in the Eurozone interbank market (in the case of EURIBOR) and 
may not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates 
information at the relevant time) and may in certain circumstances result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR or SONIA was 
available;
(c)
whilst an amendment may be made under Condition 15 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, 
Modification and Waiver) in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to change the base rate 
of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds from EURIBOR or SONIA rate (as applicable) to an alternative 
base rate under certain circumstances broadly related to EURIBOR or SONIA (as applicable) 
dysfunction or discontinuation and subject to certain conditions being satisfied, there can be no 
assurance that any such amendment will be made or, if made, that it (i) will fully or effectively mitigate 
all relevant interest rate risks or result in an equivalent methodology for determining the interest rates 
on the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds or (ii) will be made prior to any date on which any of the 
risks described in this risk factor may become relevant; and
(d)
if EURIBOR or SONIA or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued, and whether or 
not an amendment is made under Condition 15 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and 
Waiver) to change the base rate with respect to the Floating Rate Covered Bonds as described in

--- Page 69 ---
69
paragraph (c) above, there can be no assurance that the applicable fall-back provisions under the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements would operate to allow the transactions under the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreements to fully or effectively mitigate interest rate risk in respect of the Covered Bonds.
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop and 
apply as between the Covered Bonds and/or the Covered Bond Swap Agreements due to applicable fall-back 
provisions or other matters and the effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts 
available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds.
Moreover, any of the above matters (including an amendment to change the base rate as described in paragraph 
(c) above) or any other significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR, SONIA or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Covered Bonds.  Changes in the manner of administration of EURIBOR, SONIA or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could result in adjustment to the Conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation 
by the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequences in relation to the Covered Bonds.  No assurance may 
be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR, SONIA or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist.  Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international 
or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered 
Bonds in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds.
2.15
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Covered Bonds 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds identifies that the Rate of Interest for such 
Covered Bonds will be determined by reference to SONIA or €STR, the Rate of Interest will be determined 
on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA or €STR, as applicable (each as defined in the Conditions).  
Compounded Daily SONIA or €STR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA or €STR are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas 
LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA or €STR may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for the Covered Bonds described in this Base Prospectus. The use of 
SONIA or €STR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both 
in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of bonds referencing SONIA or €STR.
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or €STR should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA or €STR as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as alternatives to Sterling LIBOR or EURIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of 
backwards-looking SONIA or €STR rates, market participants and relevant working groups are currently 
assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such groups are also 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA or €STR, including forward-looking 'term' SONIA or 
€STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA or €STR 
rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA or €STR may also see component inputs into swap rates 
or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA or €STR, as applicable.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or €STR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds that reference a SONIA or €STR rate issued under 
this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Covered Bonds referencing SOFR, SONIA 
or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA or

--- Page 70 ---
70
€STR -referenced Covered Bonds issued by it. The nascent development of SONIA or €STR as interest 
reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA or €STR based rates 
for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA or €STR referenced Covered 
Bonds issued from time to time.
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or €STR is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or €STR to estimate reliably 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Covered Bonds, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds. Further, if the Covered Bonds become due and payable 
under Condition 10.1, the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Covered Bonds became 
due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or €STR reference rates in the bond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or €STR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
SONIA or €STR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds 
referencing SONIA or €STR.
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Covered Bonds.
2.16
Risk-free rates, such as Compounded Daily SONIA and SONIA Compounded Index, differ from 
interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SONIA Compounded Index are risk-free rates. Risk-free rates differ from 
interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) by being backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free, overnight rates, whereas interbank offered rates are generally expressed on 
the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that SONIA and SONIA Compounded Index as risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently than interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Covered Bonds. 
Publication of SONIA and SONIA Compounded Index began in April 2018 and August 2020 respectively. 
These indices therefore have limited history. For that reason, future performance of SONIA and SONIA 
Compounded Index may be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of 
SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index during the term of the Covered Bonds may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on the Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index is only 
capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index to reliably estimate the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Covered Bonds, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds. Further, in contrast to interbank offered rate-based Covered 
Bonds, if the Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index become due and payable 
under Condition 10.1 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Covered Bonds shall 
only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Covered Bonds become due and payable and 
shall not be reset thereafter.

--- Page 71 ---
71
2.17
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA 
The Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA and SONIA Compounded Index may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index, 
including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index, or 
timing related to the publication of SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index. In addition, the Bank of England 
may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index, in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Covered Bonds will apply in accordance 
with the Conditions (see the risk factor "Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR, SONIA and/or other 
interest rate benchmarks may affect the value, liquidity or payment of interest under the Covered Bonds"). The 
Bank of England has no obligation to consider the interests of Covered Bondholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index.
2.18
Ratings of the Covered Bonds
The credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address:
(a)
the likelihood of full and timely payment to Covered Bondholders of all payments of interest on each 
Interest Payment Date;
(b)
the probability of default and loss given default; and
(c)
the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation to Covered Bonds on the Extended Final 
Maturity Date.
The expected credit ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of 
Covered Bonds.  Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the 
Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question.  If any credit rating 
assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time.
In addition, the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Covered Bonds.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union (the EU) and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending.  Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EU registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn 
or suspended).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
72
2.19
Rating Agency Confirmation in respect of Covered Bonds
The terms of certain of the Transaction Documents provide that, in certain circumstances, the Issuer must, and 
the Trustee may, obtain confirmation from one or more of the Rating Agencies that any particular action 
proposed to be taken by the Issuer, the Servicer or the Trustee will not adversely affect, or cause to be 
withdrawn, the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds (a Rating Agency Confirmation).
By acquiring the Covered Bonds, investors will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a credit rating is an assessment of credit and does not address other matters that 
may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders, including, without limitation, in the case of a Rating Agency 
Confirmation, whether any action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, Servicer, the Trustee or any other party 
to a Transaction Document is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant Transaction Document, or (ii) in 
the best interests of, or not prejudicial to, some or all of the Covered Bondholders.  In being entitled to have 
regard to the fact that the one or more of the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the then current ratings of 
the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected or withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the other 
Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) is deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that the 
above does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agencies to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person or create any legal 
relations between the Rating Agencies and the Issuer, the Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the 
Covered Bondholders) or any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise.
Any such Rating Agency Confirmation may or may not be given at the sole discretion of each Rating Agency.  
It should be noted that, depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information needed to be 
provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide a Rating Agency 
Confirmation in the time available or at all, and the Rating Agency will not be responsible for the consequences 
thereof.  Such confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the 
relevant time, and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the securities form part 
since the issuance closing date.  A Rating Agency Confirmation represents only a restatement of the opinions 
given, and is given on the basis that it will not be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the 
transaction.
2.20
Certain decisions of Covered Bondholders taken at Programme level
Any Extraordinary Resolution to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action must be passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding.
2.21
General legal investment considerations
The transactions described in this Base Prospectus (including the issue of the Covered Bonds) and the ratings 
which are to be assigned to the Covered Bonds are based on the relevant law and administrative practice in 
effect as at the date hereof, and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such 
law and practice.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the law (including any 
change in regulation which may occur without a change in primary legislation), administrative practice or tax 
treatment after the date of this document or can any assurance be given as to whether any such change would 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds.  In addition, it should be 
noted that regulatory requirements (including any applicable retention, due diligence or disclosure obligations) 
may be amended and there can be no assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance 
position of a transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any party under any applicable law or 
regulation.

--- Page 73 ---
73
C.
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVER POOL 
3.1
Sale of Loans and their Related Security following the occurrence of an Issuer Event
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event (but prior to the service of a Notice of Default) which is 
continuing, the Servicer shall be obliged to try to sell Loans and their Related Security in the Cover Pool in 
respect of the relevant Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds and Accumulation Covered Bonds on or before 
the First Refinance Date and on or before each Refinance Date thereafter having the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount (the Selected Loans) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to remove the Selected Loans from the Cover 
Pool, in the case of the sale of Selected Loans following an Issuer Event and (a) prior to a breach of the 
Amortisation Test, provided that where the Amortisation Test was met immediately prior to the proposed sale, 
that the Amortisation Test will continue to be met following any sale of Selected Loans or the removal of such 
Selected Loans from the Cover Pool provided that the amount by which the Amortisation Test is passed is not 
lessened or further reduced as a result of sale of such Selected Loans (unless the Selected Loans comprise the 
entire Cover Pool, for which case the only condition to the sale of such Selected Loans would be that 
Amortisation Test is not breached) and provided further that (b) where the Amortisation Test has been breached 
prior to such Selected Loans being sold, the Servicer may sell Selected Loans where the Amortisation Test 
will not be satisfied after such sale provided that the amount by which the Amortisation Test is breached is not 
worsened or further reduced as a result of sale of such Selected Loans.  The proceeds from any such sale will 
be credited to the Transaction Account and applied in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.  
There is no guarantee that the Servicer will be able to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets as the Servicer 
may not be able to find a buyer at the time it is obliged to attempt to sell.
The Issuer will have the right to prevent the sale of a Loan Asset to third parties by removing such Loan Asset 
from the Cover Pool and transferring within ten Athens Business Days from the receipt of the offer letter, to 
the Transaction Account, an amount equal to the price set forth in such offer letter, subject to the provision of 
a solvency certificate. 
3.2
Limited description of the Cover Pool
Other than as set out in the Investor Report, the Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or 
information in relation to the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the 
Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance:
(a)
the Issuer assigning Additional Cover Pool Assets to the Cover Pool; and
(b)
the Issuer removing Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or substituting existing Cover Pool Assets 
in the Cover Pool with Additional Cover Pool Assets.
There is no assurance that the characteristics of the Loan Assets assigned to the Cover Pool will be the same 
as those Loan Assets in the Cover Pool as at that date.  However, each Loan Asset will be required to meet the 
Eligibility Criteria and be subject to the representations and warranties set out in the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed.  In addition, the Programme provides that the assets of the Issuer are subject to certain 
Statutory Tests and an Amortisation Test. The Nominal Value Test is intended to ensure that the nominal value 
of the Cover Pool (as determined pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) exceeds the Euro 
Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, of all 
Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding by the OC Percentage, where the OC Percentage is at least equal to 
the Minimum OC Percentage (or such higher percentage selected from time to time by the Issuer (or the 
Servicer acting on its behalf) and notified to the Rating Agencies) as determined pursuant to the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding (although there is no assurance that 
it will do so) and the Asset Monitor will provide quarterly agreed upon procedures report on the required tests 
(including Nominal Value Test) where exceptions, if any, will be noted.

--- Page 74 ---
74
The Servicer will provide Servicer Reports that will set out certain information in relation to the Statutory 
Tests and following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Amortisation Test.
3.3
Maintenance of the Cover Pool
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Cover Pool is subject to a number of Statutory Tests set 
out in the Covered Bond Law.  Failure of the Issuer to take remedial action to cure any breach of these tests 
within five Athens Business Days of such breach will result in the Issuer not being able to issue further Covered 
Bonds and any failure to satisfy the Statutory Tests may have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to 
meet its payment obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. In addition, the Issuer has covenanted to comply 
with the requirements of the Covered Bond Law (including, but not limited to Articles 17 and 18 of the Greek 
Covered Bond Law and Chapter III of the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation).  Pursuant to the 
Covered Bond law, the Issuer must maintain a cover pool liquidity buffer to cover the maximum cumulative 
net liquidity outflow on the Covered Bonds over the next 180 days. Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Law, 
the liquidity buffer can only consist of Liquid Assets.  Such Liquid Assets may include cash standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger (provided that such amounts always represent a Liquid Asset) 
or other Liquid Assets purchased from funds standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Issuer covenants on a contractual basis, pursuant to the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed, to maintain the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger on the basis set out in the section 
“Servicing and Cash Management Agreement” – “Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger”.
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Cover Pool 
is subject to an Amortisation Test.  The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that the Cover Pool Assets are 
sufficient to meet the obligations under all Covered Bonds outstanding together with senior expenses that rank 
in priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds.  Failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on 
any Calculation Date following an Issuer Event will cause all Series of Covered Bonds to become Pass Through 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer will, to the extent funds are available to do so, pay amounts of principal in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date. See "Risks in relation to Pass Through Covered 
Bonds" below.
3.4
Changes to the Lending Criteria of the Issuer
Each of the Loans originated by the Issuer will have been originated in accordance with its Lending Criteria 
at the time of origination.  The Lending Criteria of the Issuer also includes the Lending Criteria applied by 
Emporiki (which was merged into the Issuer in 2013).  It is expected that the Issuer's Lending Criteria will 
generally consider, inter alia, type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, status of 
applicant and credit history.  The Issuer retains the right to revise its Lending Criteria from time to time but 
would do so only to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent mortgage 
lender.  If the Lending Criteria changes in a manner that affects the credit worthiness of the Loans, that may 
lead to increased defaults by Borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool, or part thereof, 
and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds.
3.5
Loans not originated by Issuer
It should be noted that a significant proportion of the Loans included by the Issuer into the Cover Pool may 
not have been originated by the Issuer in the case of Loans that are or will in the future be, acquired by the 
Issuer.  In respect of such acquired Loans, there can be no assurance that the lending criteria of the relevant 
originating entity will be as effectively applied as, or comparable with (and not materially inferior to), that of 
the Issuer.  Accordingly the asset quality of Loans not originated by the Issuer may be materially worse than 
that of Loans that were originated by the Issuer.  This may result in the deterioration in the performance and 
value of the Cover Pool Assets.  It may also make it harder for the Statutory Tests to be met.

--- Page 75 ---
75
3.6
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof
The realisable value of Loans and their Related Security comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced by:
(a)
default by borrowers (each borrower being, in respect of a Loan Asset, the individual specified as such 
in the relevant mortgage terms together with each individual (if any) who assumes from time to time 
an obligation to repay such Loan Asset (the Borrower)) in payment of amounts due on their Loans;
(b)
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; and
(c)
possible regulatory changes by the regulatory authorities.
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below.  However, it should be noted that the Statutory Tests, 
the Amortisation Test and the Eligibility Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount 
of Loan Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Issuer to repay the Covered Bonds following service of a Notice 
of Default and accordingly it is expected (but there is no assurance) that the Loan Assets could be realised for 
sufficient value to enable the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds.
3.7
No representations or warranties to be given by the Servicer if Loan Assets are to be sold
Following an Issuer Event, the Servicer will have the option to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets in 
accordance with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed until one year prior to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and thereafter will be obliged to sell 
Loan Assets to third party purchasers (subject in certain circumstances to a right of pre-emption in favour of 
the Issuer) pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  In respect of any sale of Loan 
Assets to third parties as described above under "Sale of Loans and their Related Security following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event", the Servicer or the Issuer will not be permitted to give representations and 
warranties or indemnities in respect of those Loan Assets unless expressly agreed by the Servicer.  There is no 
assurance that the Issuer would give any representations and warranties or indemnities in respect of the Loan 
Assets.  Any representations and warranties previously given by the Issuer in respect of the Loan Assets in the 
Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if the Issuer is then insolvent.  Accordingly, there 
is a risk that the realisable value of the Loan Assets could be adversely affected by the lack of representations 
and warranties or indemnities.  See "Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed".
3.8
Default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Loans
Borrowers may default on their obligations under the Loans in the Cover Pool.  Defaults may occur for a 
variety of reasons.  The Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks.  Various factors influence 
mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest 
and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic (due to 
local, national and/or global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors such as the war between Russia and 
Ukraine) or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields 
on alternative investments, political developments and government policies.  Other factors in Borrowers' 
individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans.  Loss 
of earnings, illness, divorce or widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (including, but not limited to, 
coronavirus/COVID-19 (or any strain of the foregoing), or other epidemic and/or pandemic diseases) and other 
similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of Borrowers, and could ultimately 
have an adverse impact on the ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans.  In addition, governmental action or 
inaction in respect of, or responses to, any widespread health crises or such potential crises (such as those 
mentioned previously), whether in Greece or in any other jurisdiction, may lead to a deterioration of economic 
conditions both globally and also within Greece. Given the unpredictable effect such factors may have on the 
local, national or global economy, no assurance can be given as to the impact of any of the matters described

--- Page 76 ---
76
in this paragraph and, in particular, no assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a property given as security for a Loan at a price sufficient to repay 
the amounts outstanding under that Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of 
buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time.
3.9
Realisation of Charged Property following the occurrence of an Event of Default and service of a 
Notice of Default
If an Event of Default occurs and a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer, then the Trustee will be entitled 
to enforce the security created under and pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation and the Deed of 
Charge, after having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, and the proceeds from the realisation 
of the Charged Property will be applied by the Trustee towards payment of all secured obligations in 
accordance with the Post Event of Default Priority of Payments.
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Charged Property will be in an amount sufficient 
to repay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered 
Bonds and the Transaction Documents.
If, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer then the Covered 
Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
3.10
Insurance
Under the terms and conditions of the Loan Documentation, each Borrower is required to obtain and maintain 
fire and earthquake insurance only, unless the property was built before 1 January 1960, in which case only 
fire insurance is available in the market.  Accordingly, a claim under such policy for damage to the relevant 
property can be made only if the damage results from the occurrence of a fire or earthquake.  However, this is 
not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of loans similar to the Loans made by other mortgage lenders 
in Greece who also only require borrowers to obtain and maintain fire and earthquake insurance.  In addition, 
certain Borrowers, at their option, take out life insurance policies, with the Issuer as the primary loss payee, to 
secure their obligations under the relevant Loans.
3.11
Loans are subject to certain legal and regulatory risks
Subsidy Payments. The Greek State, OAED or the relevant Greek State-owned entity, as appropriate, is 
required to make the subsidised interest amounts, the relevant Borrowers also remain liable to pay the full 
amount of interest due under their Subsidised Loans.  However, if the Greek State and/or OAED and/or the 
relevant Greek State-owned entity fails to pay any subsidised interest amounts, then the Borrower (although 
liable for the full amount of the interest payment) may not be able to make all payments which are due under 
the relevant Subsidised Loan.  If the Borrower fails to pay the full amount under the Subsidised Loan made to 
it, this may have an adverse impact on the funds available for the payments in respect of the Covered Bonds.
Despite the fact that the Greek State, OAED or any Greek State-owned entity will not benefit from sovereign 
immunity in respect of their respective obligations under Greek law, investors should note that enforcement of 
judgments against the Greek State, OAED or any Greek State-owned entity may be subject to limitations.  If 
there is any change in Greek law or in administrative practice of the Greek State, OAED or any Greek State 
owned entity affecting the timing and amount of subsidised interest amounts otherwise payable (but for that 
change) then this could adversely affect the payments in respect of the Covered Bonds.  For further 
information, see "Subsidy Payments" in the section headed "The Mortgage and Housing Market in Greece – 
Further regulatory considerations".

--- Page 77 ---
77
Delays in Enforcement Proceedings. The reforms of the Greek Civil Procedure Code by virtue of Greek law 
4335/2015 aim at speeding up the conducting of enforcement proceedings. Nevertheless, the length, 
complexity and uncertainty of success of enforcement procedures in Greece may lead to a substantial delay in 
recovering any amounts due under any defaulted or delinquent loan which may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. For further information, see "Delays in Enforcement 
Proceedings" in the section headed "The Mortgage and Housing Market in Greece – Further regulatory 
considerations".
Auction Proceeds. There is a possibility that the Issuer will not receive sufficient proceeds following the 
enforcement against a property securing a Loan to discharge the amounts that are owed to it by the relevant 
Borrower is reduced. For further information, see "Delays in Enforcement Proceedings" in the section headed 
"The Mortgage and Housing Market in Greece – Further regulatory considerations".
D.
RISKS RELATING TO REGULATION OF THE COVERED BONDS
4.1
Greek Covered Bond Legislation 
In Greece, the primary legal basis for Covered Bonds issuance is the Covered Bond Law.  The transactions 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus are based, in part, on the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation.  So far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date of this Base Prospectus there have been several similar 
issues of securities based upon the Greek Covered Bond Legislation and there has been no judicial authority 
as to the interpretation of any of the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation.  For further information 
on the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, see "Overview of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation".  There are a 
number of aspects of Greek law which are referred to in this Base Prospectus with which potential Covered 
Bondholders are likely to be unfamiliar.  
The decision nr. 215/03.02.2023 of the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece implementing the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation was published on 9 February 2023. The Covered Bonds are expected to 
be fully compliant with the CRR and therefore qualify for a 20 per cent. risk weighting in eligible European 
jurisdictions. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory developments described 
above or other regulatory changes not currently known to the Issuer will impact the treatment of the Covered 
Bonds for investors.
E.
RISKS RELATING TO COUNTERPARTIES
5.1
Reliance on Hedging Counterparties
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest payable on the Loans in the Cover Pool 
(which may, for instance, include discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which 
track a base rate and other variable rates of interest) and EURIBOR for 1, 3 or 6 month euro deposits, the 
Issuer may enter into an Interest Rate Swap with the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement.
In addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the 
Issuer under the Loans in the Cover Pool and the Interest Rate Swaps and amounts payable by the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may enter into a Covered Bond Swap with a Covered Bond Swap Provider in 
respect of a Series of Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond Swap Agreement between the Issuer and that 
Covered Bond Swap Provider. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Hedging Agreement, then it will have 
defaulted under that Hedging Agreement.  A Hedging Counterparty is only obliged to make payments to the 
Issuer as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement.  If 
the Hedging Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults on its obligations to make payments 
of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Issuer on the due date for payment

--- Page 78 ---
78
under the relevant Hedging Agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to any changes in the relevant currency 
exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest.  Unless a replacement swap is 
entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds.
If a Hedging Agreement terminates, or there is a partial termination following the sale of any Loans, then the 
Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) may be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty.  There can be no assurance that the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will have sufficient 
funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, nor can there be any 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that 
the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the 
then current ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies.
If the Issuer is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Hedging Agreement, including any termination 
payments arising from a partial termination following the sale of any Loans, such termination payment will 
rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps) and pari passu with 
amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the Covered Bond Swaps), except where default by, or 
downgrade of, the relevant Hedging Counterparty has caused the relevant Hedging Agreement to terminate.
5.2
Appointment of a replacement Servicer
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation (in conjunction with certain 
Greek insolvency law provisions) provides that the Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from the 
insolvency estate of the Issuer until payment of all amounts due to the Covered Bondholders have been made 
in full.  To ensure continuation of the servicing of the Cover Pool in the event of insolvency of the Issuer 
(acting as the Servicer) the Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that the Transaction Documents may 
provide for the substitution of the Servicer upon the insolvency of the Issuer.
In the event that no Replacement Servicer is appointed pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and in the 
event of the Issuer's insolvency under Greek law 4261/2014 (special liquidation), the Bank of Greece may 
appoint a servicer, if the Trustee fails to do so.  Any such person appointed shall be obliged to service the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  Such replacement 
might not be made immediately upon the Issuer's insolvency.
There can be no assurance that replacement of Alpha as Servicer (or any delay in making such replacement) 
would not cause delays in payment on the Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders might suffer loss as a 
result.  See also "Insolvency of the Issuer" below.
5.3
Change of counterparties
The parties to the Transaction Documents who receive and hold monies pursuant to the terms of such 
documents (such as the Account Banks) are required to satisfy certain criteria in order that they can continue 
to receive and hold monies.
These criteria include requirements in relation to the short-term, unguaranteed and unsecured credit ratings 
ascribed to such party by Moody's.  If the party concerned ceases to satisfy the applicable criteria, including 
the ratings criteria detailed above, then the rights and obligations of that party (including the right or obligation 
to receive monies on behalf of the Issuer) may be required to be transferred to another entity which does satisfy 
the applicable criteria.  In these circumstances, the terms agreed with the replacement entity may not be as 
favourable as those agreed with the original party pursuant to the relevant Transaction Document.
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied, then the parties to the relevant Transaction 
Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, including the applicable 
criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed.  The consent of Covered 
Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments and/or waivers.

--- Page 79 ---
79
5.4
Conflicts of Interest
Certain parties to the Transaction Documents act in more than one capacity.  The fact that these entities fulfil 
more than one role could lead to a conflict between the rights and obligations of these entities in one capacity 
and the rights and obligations of these entities in another capacity.  In addition, this could also lead to a conflict 
between the interests of these entities and the interests of the Covered Bondholders.  Any such conflict may 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds.
F.
RISKS RELATING TO STRUCTURAL AND DOCUMENTATION CHANGES
6.1
The Trustee may agree to modifications to the Transaction Documents without the Covered 
Bondholders' or Secured Creditors' prior consent
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee may, without the consent or 
sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders or any of the other Secured Creditors (other than any Secured 
Creditor that is a party to the relevant document(s) and the Swap Providers in respect of modification to the 
Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments, the Post Event of Default Priority of Payments, the Conditions, the 
Eligibility Criteria or the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, in the opinion of the Trustee, which adversely 
affects their interests (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), concur with the Issuer or any 
person in making or sanctioning any modification to the Transaction Documents and the Conditions:
(a)
provided that the Trustee is of the opinion that such modification, waiver or authorisation will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders; or
(b)
which in the sole opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a 
manifest error.
In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions provided 
thereunder, the Trustee shall be obliged, without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series, the related Receiptholders and/or the Couponholders and without the consent of the Secured Creditors, 
to concur with the Issuer in making any modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter), for 
the avoidance of doubt, irrespective of whether such modification is materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders of any Series, to, subject to compliance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed, the definitions of Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and Amortisation 
Test as a consequence of the inclusion in the Cover Pool of Additional Cover Pool Assets that are New Asset 
Types and/or changes to the hedging policies or servicing and collection procedures of Alpha and/or as a result 
of any updates, amendments or supplements to the Covered Bond Legislation provided that Moody's has 
provided confirmation in writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or 
withdrawn as a result of such amendment.
6.2
The conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors
The conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  Further, the conditions of the Covered 
Bonds contain provisions allowing the Trustee to agree to changes without the consent of any Covered 
Bondholder, including substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 18 (Substitution of the Issuer).

--- Page 80 ---
80
G.
MACROECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS
7.1
Absence of active and liquid secondary market
There is not, at present, an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds, and no assurance is 
provided that a secondary market for the Covered Bonds will re-emerge.  The Arrangers are not obliged to and 
do not intend to make a market for the Covered Bonds.  None of the Covered Bonds has been, or will be, 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws and they are subject to certain 
restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under "Subscription and Sale".  If a secondary 
market does re-emerge, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered 
Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a 
buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired 
yield.
In addition, Covered Bondholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
liquidity conditions (which generally continue at the date hereof), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity 
in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds.  As a result of the current liquidity 
conditions, there exist significant additional risks to the Issuer and the investors which may affect the returns 
on the Covered Bonds to investors.
In addition, the current liquidity conditions have adversely affected the primary market for a number of 
financial products including instruments similar to the Covered Bonds.  While it is possible that these 
conditions may soon alleviate for certain sectors of the global credit markets, there can be no assurance that 
the market for securities similar to the Covered Bonds will recover at the same time or to the same degree as 
such other recovering global credit market sectors.
H.
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS
8.1
Changes of law
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on 
English and Greek law and administrative practice, respectively, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
and having regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such law and practice.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to English or Greek law (or the laws of any 
other jurisdiction) (including any change in regulation which may occur without a change in the primary 
legislation) or administrative practice in the U.K. or Greece after the date of this Base Prospectus or can any 
assurance be given as to whether any such change would adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Covered Bonds.
8.2
Insolvency proceedings and subordination provisions 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual and/or 
trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of other creditors of its 
counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that creditor.  In particular, recent cases 
have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a hedging counterparty's payment rights in respect 
of certain termination payments upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings or other default on the part of 
such counterparty (so-called "flip clauses").  Such provisions are similar in effect to the terms which will be 
included in the Transaction Documents relating to the subordination of Subordinated Termination Payments.
The English Supreme Court held in Belmont Park Investments Pty Limited v BNY Corporate Trustee Services 
Ltd and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. [2011] UKSC 38 (the Belmont decision) that a flip clause 
as described above is valid under English law.  Contrary to this however, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court has held 
that such a subordination provision is unenforceable under U.S. bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce 
such provision would violate the automatic stay which applies under such law in the case of a U.S. bankruptcy

--- Page 81 ---
81
of the counterparty.  The implications of this conflict remain unresolved.  However, a subsequent U.S. 
Bankruptcy Court decision held that flip clauses are protected under the bankruptcy code and therefore 
enforceable on bankruptcy. This decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the U.S. District Court. The 
implications of these conflicting judgments remain unresolved. 
If a creditor of the Issuer (such as a Hedging Counterparty) or a related entity becomes subject to insolvency 
proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales (including, but not limited to, the U.S.), and it is 
owed a payment by the Issuer, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official 
appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of 
subordination provisions included in the English law governed Transaction Documents (such as a provision of 
the Priorities of Payments which refers to the ranking of the Hedging Counterparties' payment rights in respect 
of Subordination Termination Payments).  In particular, based on the decision of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court 
referred to above, there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under US bankruptcy 
laws.  Such laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as 
Hedging Counterparty, including U.S. established entities and certain non-U.S. established entities with assets 
or operations in the U.S. (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-US 
entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a U.S. state). 
In general, if a subordination provision included in the Transaction Documents was successfully challenged 
under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales and any relevant foreign 
judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, there can be no assurance that such actions would not 
adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Lastly, given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above and that 
the Transaction Documents will include terms providing for the subordination of Subordinated Termination 
Payments, there is a risk that the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition 
action by the English courts) may result in negative rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds.  If any 
rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.
8.3
Security and insolvency considerations
The Issuer will grant security over (a) the Cover Pool pursuant to the Transaction Documents and any 
Registration Statement and (b) the Transaction Documents and the Hedging Agreements pursuant to the Deed 
of Charge in respect of certain of its obligations, including its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  In certain 
circumstances, including the occurrence of certain insolvency events in respect of the Issuer, the ability to 
realise any such security may be delayed and/or the value of the security impaired.  There can be no assurance 
that the Issuer will not become insolvent and/or the subject of insolvency proceedings and/or that the Covered 
Bondholders would not be adversely affected by the application of insolvency laws (including Greek 
insolvency laws).
8.4
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through 
increased regulation of financial institutions, and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions.  This has 
resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation and which 
may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or on the 
incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities.  
Investors in the Covered Bonds are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and none of the 
Issuer, the Dealers or the Arrangers makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the 
Covered Bonds regarding the treatment of their investment on the closing date or at any time in the future.
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved a 
series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being

--- Page 82 ---
82
referred to by the BCBS as Basel III).  Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential 
rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for 
global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio "backstop" for financial institutions and 
certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding 
Ratio).  BCBS member countries agreed to implement the initial phase of the Basel III reforms from 1 January 
2013 and the second phase from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain 
requirements.  As implementation of Basel III requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable 
for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds, may be subject to some 
level of national variation.  It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have been 
made for insurance and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the 
Solvency II framework in Europe. Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the 
requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable 
to them, in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the 
Covered Bonds.  No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or 
otherwise.
It should also be noted that in November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the legislative 
package on covered bond reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and 
a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2160) which entered into force on 7 January 2020 with the deadline 
for application of 8 July 2022 (both texts have relevance for the EEA and are to be implemented in due course 
in other countries in the EEA) (the Covered Bond Directive). The new covered bond directive replaces Article 
52(4) of the UCITS Directive, establishes a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU 
regulatory purposes (subject to various options that members states may choose to exercise when implementing 
the new directive through national laws). The new regulation will be directly applicable in the EU, and Article 
129 of the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU CRR) (and certain related provisions) and further strengthens 
the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the EU CRR regime.  As 
EU CRR permits the exercise of certain national discretion, the implementation may be subject to some level 
of national variation. 
In addition, it should be noted that the new covered bond directive provides for permanent grandfathering with 
respect to certain requirements of the new regime for article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds 
issued before 8 July 2022 and includes an option for the EU member states to allow tap issues with respect to 
grandfathered covered bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022), provided such tap issues comply with 
certain prescribed requirements.  
The Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece issued a decision nr. 215/03.02.2023 which implements the 
Covered Bond Directive into national law, which together with the Covered Bond Law, shall constitute the 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation. The decision nr. 215/03.02.2023 was published on 9 February 2023.
It should be noted that such grandfathering provisions were not adopted in the Secondary Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation and that all covered bonds issued in Greece must comply with the new requirements of the 
Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation.  
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the changes and corresponding national 
implementing measures in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their 
investment in the Covered Bonds.  
8.5
The circumstances in which the resolution authority may exercise the bail-in tool or other resolution 
tools pursuant to Greek law 4335/2015 or other future statutes or regulatory acts are vague and such 
uncertainty may have an impact on the value of the Covered Bonds
The conditions for the submission of a credit institution to resolution and the respective activation of the 
relevant powers of the competent resolution authority are set in article 32 of the BRRD and Greek transposing 
law 4335/2015. Such conditions include the determination by the resolution authority that (a) the credit

--- Page 83 ---
83
institution is failing or is likely to fail; (b) no reasonable prospect exists that any alternative private sector 
measures (including the write-down) would prevent the failure; and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the 
public interest, whilst the resolution objectives would not be met to the same extent by the special liquidation 
of the credit institution pursuant to normal insolvency.
Such conditions, however, are not further specified in the applicable law and so their satisfaction is left to the 
determination and discretion of the competent resolution authority. Such uncertainty may impact on the market 
perception as to whether a credit institution meets or not such conditions and as such it may be subjected to 
resolution tools. This may have a material adverse impact on the present value of the Covered Bonds and other 
securities of the Issuer’s listed on organised markets.
In addition, if any Greek bail-in action is taken, interested parties, such as creditors or shareholders, may raise 
legal challenges. If any litigation arises in relation to Greek bail-in actions (whether actually, or purported to 
be taken) and such actions are declared void or ineffective and additional actions need to be taken, including 
reversal of any Greek bail-in action that is challenged, this may negatively affect liquidity and valuation, and 
increase the price volatility of the Issuer’s securities (including the Covered Bonds).
8.6
Greek Withholding Tax
Potential investors of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts or delivery of securities under the Covered Bonds and the consequences of 
such actions under the tax laws of those countries.  
In particular, investors should note that the Greek income taxation framework is regulated by virtue of Greek 
law 4172/2013, effective as of 1 January 2014, as amended from time to time (the Income Tax Code). 
Accordingly, though a number of interpretative circulars were issued, limited precedent exists as to the 
application of the Income Tax Code. 
Further, non-Greek tax residents may have to submit a declaration of non-residence or produce documentation 
evidencing non-residence in order to claim any exemption under applicable tax laws in Greece.  Please also 
refer to the "Taxation" section.

--- Page 84 ---
84
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:
1.
Annual report of Alpha Bank for the period ended 31 December 20212 for Alpha (available at 
https://www.alpha.gr/-/media/alphagr/files/group/apotelesmata/fy-2021/oikonomikes-katastaseis-fy-
2021-en.pdf) which includes the audited consolidated and separate financial statements (produced in 
accordance with IFRS) for the period ended 31 December 2021 for Alpha Bank (the 2021 annual 
financial report), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:
(a)
Consolidated Balance Sheet
set out on page 80 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(b)
Balance Sheet
set out on page 291 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(c)
Consolidated Income Statement 
set out on page 78 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(d)
Income Statement 
set out on page 289 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(e)
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
set out on page 79 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(f)
Statement of Comprehensive Income
set out on page 290 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(g)
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
set out on pages 81 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(h)
Statement of Changes in Equity
set out on page 292 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(i)
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
set out on page 82 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(j)
Statement of Cash Flows 
set out on page 293 of the 2021 annual financial 
report;
(k)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
set out on pages 83 to 287 of the 2021 annual 
financial report;
(l)
Notes to the Financial Statements
set out on pages 294 to 466 of the 2021 annual 
financial report;
(m)
Independent Auditors’ Report
set out on pages 70 to 76 of the 2021 annual 
financial report; 
(n)
Appendix of the Board of Directors' 
Annual Management Report
set out on page 467 of the 2021 annual financial 
report.
2.
The following documents relating to the Hive Down (as defined below) are incorporated by reference 
in their entirity:
2 
The Issuer commenced operations on 17 April 2021 following completion of the Hive Down and, accordingly, the audited financial 
information relating to the Issuer that is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus covers the period from 17 April 2021 to 31 
December 2021.

--- Page 85 ---
85
(i)
the Draft Demerger Deed dated 15 September 2020 (available at https://www.alpha.gr/-
/media/alphagr/pdf-files/enimerosi-ependiton/etairikos-metasximatismos/draft-demerger-
deed.pdf?la=en&hash=35EA99DF8CBEAC3BC417132FEAA107211C3FD427); 
(ii)
the Transformation Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2020 (available at https://www.alpha.gr/-
/media/alphagr/pdf-files/enimerosi-ependiton/etairikos-metasximatismos/transformation-
balance-sheet.pdf?la=en&hash=B27A866036BC036524315F365DDD890652FE1E9C);
(iii)
the report of the Issuer's Board of Directors to the General Meeting of the Shareholders 
pursuant to article 61 of law 4601/2019 (available at https://www.alpha.gr/-
/media/alphagr/pdf-files/enimerosi-ependiton/etairikos-metasximatismos/report-of-the-
alpha-bank-bod-to-the-
gm.pdf?la=en&hash=54003686BBAA973A1468DD5E6365DECC479BE3A2); and 
(iv)
the report of KPMG Certified Auditors S.A. on the verification of the book value of the net 
assets and liabilities of the hive-down banking business sector of Alpha Holdings (previously 
known as Alpha Bank S.A.) as at 30 June 2020 and on the examination of the Draft Demerger 
Deed, in accordance with the provisions of law 2515/1997 and law 4601/2019 (available at 
https://www.alpha.gr/-/media/alphagr/pdf-files/enimerosi-ependiton/etairikos-
metasximatismos/verification-report-of-
kpmg.pdf?la=en&hash=71BEDDDFC479C434AE98AAC05C23E821C1444F84).
3.
Reviewed condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Alpha Holdings (produced in 
accordance with IFRS) as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 (available at: 
https://www.alphaholdings.gr/-/media/alphaholdings/files/apotelesmata/q32022/20221108-q3-
oikonomikes-katastaseis-en.pdf) (the 9 month 2022 Report), including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular:
(a)
Condensed Interim Consolidated 
Balance Sheet
set out on page 7 of the 9 month 2022 Report;
(b)
Condensed Interim Consolidated 
Income Statement 
set out on page 5 of the 9 month 2022 Report;
(c)
Condensed Interim Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income
set out on page 6 of the 9 month 2022 Report;
(d)
Condensed Interim Consolidated 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
set out on page 8 to 9 of the 9 month 2022 Report;
(e)
Condensed Interim Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows
set out on page 10 of the 9 month 2022 Report;
(f)
Notes to the Condensed Interim 
Consolidated Financial Statements, 
set out on page 11 to 104 of the 9 month 2022 
Report;
(g)
Independent Auditor's Review Report 
on Condensed Interim Financial 
Statements
set out on page 3 to 4 of the 9 month 2022 Report;
4.
the sections entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" set out on pages 88 to 128 
(inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 29 November 2017 and as set out on pages 90 to 131 
(inclusive) of the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2019 (for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final 
Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will indicate the Terms and Conditions applicable to 
such Series or Tranche and unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Terms and 
Conditions of all Covered Bonds issued after the date hereof shall be those set out in full in this Base

--- Page 86 ---
86
Prospectus). The remaining portions of the Base Prospectus dated 29 November 2017 dated 5 June 
2019 are not relevant for prospective investors. 
The Issuer's consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements are prepared in accordance with 
IFRS and are included in the annual financial reports produced in accordance with Greek law 3556/2007, as 
amended and in force for the Issuer.
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement to this Base Prospectus may be prepared by 
the Issuer and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus pursuant to paragraphs 1 to 4 above 
can be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for 
the time being in London and Luxembourg and for Covered Bonds listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange from the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at https://www.luxse.com or 
https://www.alpha.gr/en/group/investor-relations.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 87 ---
87
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Covered Bond (as defined below) and each Definitive Covered Bond (as defined below), in 
the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive 
Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable 
Final Terms in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Covered 
Bond and Definitive Covered Bond.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Covered Bonds.
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by Alpha Bank S.A. (the 
Issuer) pursuant to the Trust Deed (as defined below). 
Save as provided for in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) and Condition 15 (Meetings of 
Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver), references herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references 
to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a Global Covered Bond), 
units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Covered Bond;
(c)
any definitive Covered Bonds (in bearer form (Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds)) issued in 
exchange for a Global Covered Bond in bearer form; and
(d)
any definitive Covered Bonds in registered form (Registered Definitive Covered Bonds and, together 
with Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, Definitive Covered Bonds) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Covered Bond in registered form).
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) are constituted by a trust deed (such trust deed as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust Deed) dated the Programme 
Closing Date and made between the Issuer and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited at 8 Canada 
Square, London E14 5HQ (the Trustee, which expression includes the trustee or trustees for the time being of 
the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Covered Bondholders.
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement (such agency 
agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
the Programme Closing Date and made between inter alios the Issuer, HSBC Bank plc as principal paying 
agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent and, 
together with any other paying agents appointed thereunder, the Paying Agents, which expression shall 
include any successor paying agents) HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall 
include any successor registrar) and as transfer agent, (together with any other transfer agent appointed 
thereunder, the Transfer Agents), which expression shall include any successor transfer agents). The Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, and any Calculation Agent referred to below, are referred to herein 
as the Agents.  Interest bearing Definitive Covered Bonds have (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  The Final Terms for this Covered

--- Page 88 ---
88
Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on 
this Covered Bond which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) and may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Covered Bond.  References to the Applicable Final 
Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached 
to or endorsed on this Covered Bond.
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 to the extent implemented in the 
relevant Member State of the European Economic Area and the UK and includes any relevant implementing 
measure in the relevant Member State.
Any reference to Covered Bondholders or holders in relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, be 
construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
Copies of the applicable Final Terms and the other Transaction Documents (other than the Covered Bonds and 
Coupons) are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and 
of the Principal Paying Agent and at the specified office of each of the other Paying Agents.  If the Covered 
Bonds are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com) 
save that, if this Covered Bond is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms and the other Transaction Documents 
will only be obtainable by a Covered Bondholder holding one or more Covered Bonds and such Covered 
Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding 
of such Covered Bonds and identity.  The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, are bound by, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of, and definitions contained in, 
the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms and the other Transaction Documents which are applicable to 
them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Trust Deed and the relevant Transaction Documents.
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in these 
Conditions shall bear the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms and/or the master definitions 
and construction schedule made between the parties to the Transaction Documents on or about the Programme 
Closing Date (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Master Definitions and 
Construction Schedule), a copy of each of which may be obtained as described above.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form or in registered form (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified 
Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered 
Covered Bonds and vice versa.

--- Page 89 ---
89
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of 
each Covered Bond will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, at least the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as is 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds that (i) there 
is no Issuer Event or Event of Default outstanding and that such issuance would not cause an Issuer 
Event or Event of Default, (ii) such issuance would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, 
(iii) Moody's has confirmed the then current rating of all Covered Bonds issued and outstanding under 
the Programme and that the ratings of such Covered Bonds will not be adversely affected or withdrawn 
as a result of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been approved by the Bank of Greece in accordance 
with Article 20(4) of the Covered Bond Law and (v) if applicable, in respect of that Series or Tranche, 
a Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfer in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any Registered Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond held on behalf of 
or, as the case may be, registered in the name of a common depositary for, Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error and 
any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or printout of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including, without limitation, Euroclear's EasyWay 
or Clearstream's Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of the Covered Bonds is clearly identified with the amount of 
such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest or other amounts on such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds, for which 
purpose the bearer or, as applicable, the registered holder of the relevant Global Covered Bond shall 
be treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Covered Bond 
and the expressions Covered Bondholder and holder of Covered Bonds and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 90 ---
90
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system and/or any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise 
be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee.
Where for the purposes of these Conditions the Trustee or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents requires a Covered Bondholder holding Covered Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to establish its holding of the Covered Bonds to the satisfaction of such party, such 
holding shall be considered to be established if such Covered Bondholder provides to the requesting 
party with regard to the relevant date (and the Trustee shall be entitled to treat such holder as the 
absolute owner without the need for further investigation): 
(i)
an EasyWay Statement (in the case of Euroclear) or a Xact Web Portal Statement (in 
the case of Clearstream, Luxembourg) in each case providing confirmation at the time 
of issue of the same of such person’s holding in the Covered Bonds; and 
(ii)
if the relevant Covered Bonds are held through one or more custodians, a signed letter 
dated as of the date of the EasyWay Statement or the Xact Web Portal Statement from 
each such custodian confirming on whose behalf it is holding such Covered Bonds 
such that the Trustee or any other party to the Transaction Documents is able to verify 
to its satisfaction the chain of ownership to the beneficial owner.
If in connection with verifying its holding the Trustee or any other party to the Transaction Documents 
requires a Covered Bondholder to temporarily block its Covered Bonds in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, such Covered Bondholder will be required to instruct Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (via its custodian) to do so
2.
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants 
in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests.  A 
beneficial interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond only in the authorised denominations 
set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.
2.2
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.3 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption) and 2.4 (Costs 
of registration) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Definitive Covered Bond may be transferred in whole or in part in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms.  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder 
or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Covered Bond for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder

--- Page 91 ---
91
or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing, and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent, and (b) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, must, after 
due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making 
the request.
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the Agency 
Agreement).
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal 
or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, 
at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Definitive Covered Bond of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Registered Definitive Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Definitive Covered Bond) transferred.
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Definitive Covered Bond, a new Registered 
Definitive Covered Bond in respect of the balance of the Registered Definitive Covered Bond not 
transferred will (in addition to the new Registered Definitive Covered Bond in respect of the nominal 
amount transferred) be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured 
mail to the address specified by the transferor.
2.3
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds under Condition 7 
(Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered 
Covered Bond, or part of a Registered Covered Bond, which is partially redeemed.
2.4
Costs of registration
Covered Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer, Registrar or Transfer Agent may require the payment of a 
sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, Taxes or any other governmental charge that may be imposed 
in relation to the registration.
3.
Status of the Covered Bonds
The Covered Bonds and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer secured by (i) the statutory pledge provided by Article 14(2) of the Covered 
Bond Law (the Statutory Pledge) on the Greek law Cover Pool Assets and (ii) the Deed of Charge in 
respect of the other Cover Pool Assets.  They are issued in accordance with the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation and are backed by the assets of the Cover Pool.  The Covered Bonds will at all times rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves, irrespective of their Series, for all purposes 
except for the timing of the repayment of principal and the timing and amount of interest payable.
4.
Priorities of Payments

--- Page 92 ---
92
4.1
Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments
Notwithstanding the Deed of Charge Security but subject to Clause 8.1(Application) of the Deed of 
Charge, at any time upon or after the occurrence of any Issuer Event, but prior to the delivery of a 
Notice of Default, the Servicer shall apply all Covered Bonds Available Funds on each Programme 
Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (the 
Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of 
a higher priority have been made in full):  
(a)
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due and payable or to become due and 
payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date to the Trustee or any Appointee (including 
remuneration or amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or any other Transaction Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or other 
similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein;
(b)
second, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable on the Programme Payment Date 
or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date to the Trustee or any Appointee in order to fund any notice to be 
given to any parties in accordance with any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered 
Bondholders in connection with the assignment and/or collection and/or management of the 
Cover Pool Assets;
(c)
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, to pay all amounts 
due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date, to the Account Bank and 
the Agents under the Bank Account Agreement and the Agency Agreement, respectively;
(d)
fourth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay the 
Servicer an amount equal to any amount representing the cost of Levy in respect of such Loans 
received from Borrowers, such amount to be used by the Servicer towards satisfaction of the 
Issuer's obligation to pay any Levy, and (ii) to pay all amounts due and payable on the 
Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date (and for which payment has not been 
provided for elsewhere in this Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments), to any Secured 
Creditors other than the Account Bank, the Agents, the Hedging Counterparties and the 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders;
(e)
fifth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof (a) to pay all 
amounts of interest due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date 
on any Covered Bonds and (b) to pay any amounts due and payable on the Programme 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to 
the next Programme Payment Date under any Hedging Agreement other than Subordinated 
Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements; 
(f)
sixth, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to credit the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger with an amount equal to the difference between the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger Required Amount and the aggregate of the amount standing to the credit of the 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger and the nominal value of Liquid Assets which have not 
matured on or prior to such Programme Payment Date (other than Liquid Assets represented 
by amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) purchased from 
amounts previously credited to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger after having made the 
payments under paragraphs (a) to (e) above;

--- Page 93 ---
93
(g)
seventh, to pay pro rata and pari passu principal in respect of each Series of Pass Through 
Covered Bonds then outstanding on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such 
amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date (if any) 
on any Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds in either case where such Series of Pass 
Through Covered Bonds has an Extended Final Maturity Date that falls within 6 months of 
the relevant Programme Payment Date;
(h)
eighth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, (A) (where such Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds 
has an Extended Final Maturity Date that does not fall within 6 months of the relevant 
Programme Payment Date) principal in respect of each Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds 
then outstanding on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date (if any) on any such 
Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds, and (B) in respect of any Accumulation Covered 
Bonds (or any Series of Covered Bonds which will become Accumulation Covered Bonds 
prior to the next following Programme Payment Date) to credit the relevant Accumulation 
Sub-Ledger with the Pro Rata Accumulation Amount;
(i)
ninth, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, any remaining Covered Bonds 
Available Funds will remain standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, or, as 
applicable, be deposited in the Transaction Account, provided such amounts have not already 
been credited to the Accumulation Sub-Ledger in accordance with paragraph (h) above;
(j)
tenth, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, 
or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date to any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated 
Termination Payment; and
(k)
eleventh, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay any excess to the Issuer.
4.2
Post Event of Default Priority of Payments
Following delivery of a Notice of Default, all funds deriving from the Cover Pool Assets, the 
Transaction Documents and any other sums standing to the credit of the Transaction Account shall be 
applied on any Business Day in accordance with the following order of priority of payments (the Post 
Event of Default Priority of Payments and, together with the Pre Event of Default Priority of 
Payments, the Priorities of Payments and, each of them a Priority of Payments) (in each case only 
if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) provided that any such 
amount has not been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the Cover Pool:
(a)
first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee or any Appointee or any Receiver is entitled 
pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document and any costs and expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Trustee or any Appointee or any Receiver (i) following the 
occurrence of a Potential Event of Default, Issuer Event or, as applicable, an Event of Default 
(to the extent that any such amounts have not yet been paid out of the Covered Bonds 
Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of Default) and (ii) following the delivery of 
a Notice of Default in connection with or as a result of the enforcement or realisation of (A) 
the security granted under the Statutory Pledge and the Deed of Charge and/or (B) any other 
right or remedy that the Trustee is entitled to, or is required to pursue, under or in connection 
with the Transaction Documents and the Covered Bonds for the purpose of protecting the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the other Secured Creditors;
(b)
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts of interest and principal then due and payable on any Covered Bonds and Coupons,

--- Page 94 ---
94
(ii) to pay any additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable in connection with 
any listing or deposit of the Covered Bonds or to fund any notice to be given to any parties in 
accordance with any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders, (iii) to pay 
all amounts due and payable to any Secured Creditors, other than the Covered Bondholders 
and Couponholders, and (iv) any amounts due and payable under any Hedging Agreement 
other than the Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any 
such Hedging Agreements;
(c)
third, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
due and payable to any Hedging Counterparties arising out of any Subordinated Termination 
Payment; and
(d)
fourth, following the payment in full of all items under (a) to (c) above, to pay all excess 
amounts to the Issuer.
5.
Interest
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds.
5.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 5.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement 
Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Final Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any 
applicable Determination Date.
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  
Interest will be payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Final Maturity Date.
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fractions and other adjustments)) ending on (but excluding) 
such date will amount to the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
the Fixed Interest Period ending on but excluding such date (Fixed Coupon Amount).  Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
broken amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Broken Amount) so specified.
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date.
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 95 ---
95
5.2
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds
This Condition 5.2 applies to Floating Rate Covered Bonds only.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest 
Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day 
Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest 
due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count 
Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms 
will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, the expression 
Interest Period shall mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(c)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the 
purposes of this subparagraph (c), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or that 
other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Covered Bonds (the ISDA Definitions), and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 96 ---
96
(ii)
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (c), (1) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.
When this subparagraph (c) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Principal Paying 
Agent or the above-mentioned person will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under 
Condition 5.2(f) below in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this subparagraph (c).
(d)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds
(i)
EURIBOR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations.
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant to 
this subparagraph (d)(i) in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the 
case of (A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph.
(ii)
SONIA
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant 
Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the applicable Margin.

--- Page 97 ---
97
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period:
(A)
where "Index Determination" is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during 
the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with 
the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or other party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms) as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary 
to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards):
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖―𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
― 1 × 365
𝑑
or
(B)
where "Index Determination" is specified as Applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the rate calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or other party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms) as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary 
to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards):
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
―
1
×
365
𝑑
provided, however, that if the Principal Paying Agent (or other party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest as set out in the relevant Final Terms) is unable for 
any reason to determine either or both of IndexEND and IndexSTART in relation to any 
Interest Accrual Period, then Compounded Daily SONIA shall be calculated for such 
Interest Accrual Period as if "Index Determination" had been specified as being Not 
Applicable in the relevant Final Terms (and paragraph (a) of this definition shall be 
applied accordingly),
where:
"d" is (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and (ii) where "Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;
"do" is (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, the number of London Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and (ii) where "Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, for any Observation Period, the number of London Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 98 ---
98
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Business 
Day (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and (ii) where “Shift” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, in the relevant 
Observation Period;
"IndexEND" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Index Value on the 
day which is "p" London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period;
"IndexSTART" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Index Value on 
the day which is "p" London Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period (and in respect of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date);
"Index Value" means, where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms, in relation to any London Business Day, the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index as published by authorised redistributors on the Relevant Screen 
Page on the immediately following London Business Day provided, however, that in 
the event that the value originally published is subsequently corrected and such 
corrected value is published by authorised re-distributors or the Bank of England, as 
the administrator of SONIA (or any successor administrator of SONIA)) on the 
original date of publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was 
originally published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such London 
Business Day;
"LBD" means a London Business Day;
"Lock-Out Period" means the period from, and including, the Interest Determination 
Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date;
"ni" for any London Business Day, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following London 
Business Day;
"Observation Period" means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling "p" London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms;
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, other than any London Business Day in the Lock-Out Period;
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the "SONIA Compounded 
Index" administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof);
"SONIAi" means, (i) where "Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, and in respect of a London Business Day "i", the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of that day, and (ii) where "Lock-Out" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, (x) in respect of any London 
Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such 
Reference Day, and (y) in respect of any London Business Day "i" that is not a

--- Page 99 ---
99
Reference Day (being a London Business Day in the Lock-Out Period), the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (such last Reference Day falling no fewer than five London Business Days 
prior to the final day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period);
"SONIAi-pLBD" means (i) where "Lag" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period the SONIA reference rate for the London Business Day falling 
"p" London Business Days prior to the relevant London Business Day "i", and (ii) 
where "Shift" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, SONIAi; and
the "SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such 
London Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on 
the London Business Day immediately following such London Business Day.
As used herein, an "Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds becomes due and payable following an Event of Default, shall be the 
date on which such Covered Bonds become due and payable).
Fallback provisions
If, in respect of any London Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
applicable SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Business Day shall be: (i) the Bank 
of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close 
of business) on such London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Business Days 
on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate.
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms) shall, subject to receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent 
that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIAi 
for the purpose of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds for so long as the SONIA 
reference rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:
I.
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of

--- Page 100 ---
100
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or  Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or
II.
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Accrual Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Accrual Period). 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Covered Bonds 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Covered Bonds shall, for so 
long as any such Covered Bond remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than SONIA or EURIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms.
(e)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(f)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 101 ---
101
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global 
Covered Bond, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
represented by such Global Covered Bond; or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount,
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding.
(g)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal 
Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it (in 
consultation with the Issuer) determines appropriate.
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate.
(h)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and to any stock 
exchange or other relevant competent authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded or by which they have been 
admitted to listing or trading and to be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 5.5 (Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fractions and other adjustments)) 
thereafter and in the case of any notification to be given to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or 
before the first Business Day of each Interest Period.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to the Trustee and each stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed, quoted and/or traded or by which they have been admitted to listing or trading and 
to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).
(i)
Determination or Calculation by the Trustee

--- Page 102 ---
102
If for any reason at any relevant time after the Issue Date, the Principal Paying Agent defaults in its 
obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or the Principal Paying Agent defaults in its obligation to 
calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with subparagraph 5.2(c) or 5.2(d) above as the case may 
be, and in each case in accordance with paragraph 5.2(f) above, the Trustee may determine the Rate 
of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable 
in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the Trustee may calculate the Interest Amount(s) in 
such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances.  In making any such 
determination or calculation, the Trustee may appoint and rely on a determination or calculation by a 
calculation agent (which shall be an investment bank or other suitable entity of international repute).  
Each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Principal Paying 
Agent.
(j)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2, whether 
by the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, negligence, fraud or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Trustee and all Covered Bondholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, negligence or fraud) no liability to the Issuer the 
Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions.
5.3
Interest on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will 
not bear interest.  When a Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes repayable prior to its Maturity Date 
it will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 7.7 
(Early Redemption Amounts).  In the case of late payment the amount due and repayable shall be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 7.10 (Late Payment).
5.4
Accrual of interest
Interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part 
only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or unless 
default is otherwise made in respect of payment, in which event, interest will continue to accrue as 
provided in Condition 7.10 (Late Payment).
5.5
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fractions and other adjustments
(a)
In these Conditions, Business Day means:
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and Athens and any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign

--- Page 103 ---
103
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre) or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (B) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open.
(b)
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(i)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (1) in the case 
of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (II) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (2) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (II) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or
(ii)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(iii)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(iv)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(c)
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period:
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as 
defined in Condition 5.2(c)(ii)) during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or
(B)
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of (I) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and (II) the number of days in

--- Page 104 ---
104
such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;
(ii)
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365);
(iii)
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iv)
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(v)
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(vi)
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:









360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2













360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





--- Page 105 ---
105
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(viii)
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30; or
such other Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(d)
Determination Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.
(e)
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date).









360
D
D
M
-
M
30x
Y
-
Y
360x
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





--- Page 106 ---
106
(f)
Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, 
if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.
(g)
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the 
date specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the relevant Covered 
Bonds will accrue interest.
(h)
Interest Payment Date means, in respect of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning given 
in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning 
given in Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds), together the Interest 
Payment Dates.
(i)
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.
(j)
Principal Amount Outstanding means in respect of a Covered Bond on any day the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts 
received by the relevant Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day provided 
that the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Covered Bond that has been purchased 
and cancelled by the Issuer shall be zero.
(k)
If adjusted is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, interest 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, as such 
Interest Payment Date shall, where applicable, be adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention.
(l)
If not adjusted is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, 
interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, but 
such Interest Payment Dates shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention.
(m)
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, euro 0.01.
6.
Payments
6.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively);

--- Page 107 ---
107
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; and
(c)
payments in U.S. Dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained by the 
payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, as used in this Condition 6, 
means the United States of America, including the State and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction), or by cheque drawn on a 
United States bank.
In no event will payment in respect of Covered Bonds be made by a cheque mailed to an address in 
the United States.  All payments of interest in respect of Covered Bonds will be made to accounts 
located outside the United States except as may be permitted by United States tax law in effect at the 
time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.  References to Specified Currency will include any successor currency under 
applicable law.
6.2
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons
Payments of principal and interest (if any) will (subject as provided below) be made in accordance 
with Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender of Bearer Definitive 
Covered Bonds or Coupons (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of the Bearer 
Definitive Covered Bond (or Coupon)), as the case may be, only at a specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject 
to its jurisdiction)).
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds (as 
defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
as the sum so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted from the amount due for payment.  
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 11 (Prescription)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 11 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due but in no event thereafter.
Upon amounts in respect of any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and 
repayable by the Issuer prior to its Final Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, Extended Final Maturity 
Date), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Long Maturity Covered 
Bond in definitive bearer form, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Covered Bond is a Fixed Rate Covered

--- Page 108 ---
108
Bond (other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of such Covered Bond.
If the due date for redemption of any Bearer Definitive Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer Definitive Covered Bond.
6.3
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Covered Bonds
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any Bearer 
Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Bearer Global Covered Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer 
Global Covered Bond if the Bearer Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in new global 
covered bond (NGCB) form at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  On 
the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Bearer Global Covered Bond which is not issued 
in NGCB form, a record of such payment made on such Bearer Global Covered Bond, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Bearer Global 
Covered Bond by the Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made and (ii) in the case of any Global Covered Bond which is issued in NGCB 
form, the Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate 
entries in their records to reflect such payment.
No payments of principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of a Bearer Global Covered Bond 
will be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained in the 
United States.
6.4
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will 
be made against presentation and surrender of the Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made in accordance with 
Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the register 
of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained by the Registrar (the Register) at the close of 
business on the business day (business day being for the purposes of this Condition 6.4 a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date (the Record Date).  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not 
have a Designated Account, or (ii) the principal amount of the Covered Bonds held by a holder is less 
than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will 
instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined 
below).  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment 
in Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of 
payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments 
in euro.
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured

--- Page 109 ---
109
mail on the business day immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the Register at the close of business on 
the Record Date at the holder's address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at the holder's 
risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business 
days before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Covered Bond, the 
payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph.  
Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other 
than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds which become payable 
to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing 
to the contrary by such holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Covered 
Bond on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal in respect of such 
Registered Covered Bond.
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Covered Bond as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition 6.4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in 
the post.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of 
any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds.
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests.
6.5
General provisions applicable to payments
The bearer of a Global Covered Bond (or, as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall be the only 
person entitled to receive payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered 
Bond and the obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Covered Bond (or the Trustee, as the case may be) in respect of each amount so paid.  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond (or the 
Trustee, as the case may be).  No person other than the holder of the relevant Global Covered Bond 
(or, as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of 
any payments due on that Global Covered Bond.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.5, payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds in U.S. Dollars will only be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and/or 
interest on the Bearer Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 110 ---
110
6.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day (as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due 
until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect 
of any such delay.  In this Condition 6.6 (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 11 (Prescription)) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:
(i)
the relevant place of presentation;
(ii)
London; 
(iii)
Athens; and 
(iv)
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation, Athens, London and any Additional Financial Centre) or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open.
6.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:
(a)
the Final Redemption Amount (as defined in the Final Terms) (the Final Redemption 
Amount) of the Covered Bonds;
(b)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds but excluding any amount of interest 
referred to therein;
(c)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds;
(d)
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7.7(b) (Early Redemption Amounts)); and
(e)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  
6.8
Redenomination
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior written notice 
to the Trustee, the Agents, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice 
to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), elect that, with effect from 
the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Covered Bonds shall be redenominated in euro.  
In relation to any Covered Bonds where the applicable Final Terms provides for a minimum Specified

--- Page 111 ---
111
Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and which are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, it shall be a term of any 
such redenomination that the holder of any Covered Bonds held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg must have credited to its securities account with the relevant clearing system a minimum 
balance of Covered Bonds of at least euro 100,000.
The election will have effect as follows:
(a)
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 
0.01 with a nominal amount for each Covered Bond equal to the nominal amount of that 
Covered Bond in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided 
that, if the Issuer determines, in consultation with the Agents and the Trustee, that the then 
market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities 
is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be 
amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Covered Bondholders, the competent listing authority, stock exchange and/or market (if any) 
on or by which the Covered Bonds may be listed and/or admitted to trading and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments;
(b)
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (d) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds presented (or, as the case may 
be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01;
(c)
if Definitive Covered Bonds are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 100,000 and/or such 
higher amounts as the Agents may determine and notify to the Trustee and the Covered 
Bondholders and any remaining amounts less than euro 100,000 shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer and paid to the Covered Bondholders in euro in accordance with Condition 7 
(Redemption and Purchase);
(d)
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Covered Bonds) will become void with 
effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
euro-denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them.  The 
payment obligations contained in any Covered Bonds and Coupons so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Covered Bonds and Coupons will continue to constitute valid 
exchange obligations of the Issuer.  New euro-denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons will 
be issued in exchange for Covered Bonds and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency 
in such manner as the Agents may specify and as shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders 
in the Exchange Notice.  No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any 
date for payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds;
(e)
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Covered Bonds 
to the Specified Currency were to euro.  Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer 
to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque;
(f)
if the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and interest for any period ending on or 
after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on

--- Page 112 ---
112
an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention;
(g)
if the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and
(h)
such other changes shall be made to this Condition 6.8 (and the Transaction Documents) as 
the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Agents and the Trustee, and as may be 
specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to instruments 
denominated in euro.
6.9
Definitions
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:
Accrual Yield has, in relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of the Covered Bonds (other than 
any Series which is fully collateralised by amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account) 
that has or have the earliest Final Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms (ignoring 
any acceleration of amounts due under the Covered Bonds prior to an Event of Default) or Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as applicable.
Early Redemption Amount means the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 7.7 (Early 
Redemption Amounts).
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the relevant Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the 
Treaty.
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty.
Extraordinary Resolution means (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than 
three-fourths of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a 
majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series which would be entitled to attend a meeting 
if a meeting were convened, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Covered Bondholders.
Minimum Rate of Interest means, in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the percentage rate 
per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Notice of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement).

--- Page 113 ---
113
Optional Redemption Amount has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms.
Optional Redemption Date has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms.
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default.
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds and Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as determined in, or as determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms.
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Covered Bonds) any date for payment 
of interest under the Covered Bonds or (in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) any date, in each 
case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Condition 6.8 
(Redenomination) above and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union.
Reference Price has, in respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Screen Rate Determination means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(d) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds).
Secured Creditors means the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders, the Trustee, any Receiver, 
any Appointee, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Servicer, the Hedging 
Counterparties and any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any transaction document entered into 
in the course of the Programme having recourse to the Cover Pool.
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
7.
Redemption and Purchase
7.1
Final redemption
(a)
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date.
(b)
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Final 
Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of any 
unpaid Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date shall be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity 
Date pro rata and pari passu in respect of all Pass Through Covered Bonds, in accordance 
with and subject to the relevant Priority of Payments, subject to the Issuer having funds 
available for such purpose in accordance with the Priority of Payments and Condition 7.7 
(Early Redemption Amounts).

--- Page 114 ---
114
(c)
The Issuer shall use any amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Accumulation Sub-
Ledger to redeem the relevant Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity 
Date.
(d)
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event and breach of the Amortisation Test all Series of 
Covered Bonds become Pass Through Covered Bonds and the Issuer shall redeem all Series 
of Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date, in accordance with and subject to the 
relevant Priority of Payments.
(e)
The Issuer shall confirm to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices)), the Rating Agencies, any relevant Hedging Counterparty, the Trustee, the Registrar 
(in the case of a Registered Covered Bond) and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Final Maturity 
Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights 
in any such party.
(f)
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that such 
Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the 
Issuer on the Final Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment (but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, such failure to pay shall constitute an Issuer Event).
7.2
Redemption for taxation reasons
Subject to Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the relevant Covered Bond is not a Floating 
Rate Covered Bond) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the relevant Covered Bond is a Floating Rate 
Covered Bond), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the 
Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that on the occasion of the next date for payment 
of interest on the relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer is or would be required to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation).  Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 7.2 (Redemption for taxation reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
7.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
If an issuer call is specified in the applicable Final Terms (Issuer Call), the Issuer may (to the extent 
funds are available for such purpose), having given not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of the redemption of Registered Covered Bonds) and, in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption ), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed (the 
Redeemed Covered Bonds) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Covered

--- Page 115 ---
115
Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed 
Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, in each case, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date).  In 
the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) not less than 15 days (or such shorter period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) prior to the date fixed for redemption.  The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Covered 
Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds or represented by Global Covered Bonds shall, in 
each case, bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds 
as the aggregate nominal amount of Definitive Covered Bonds or Global Covered Bonds outstanding 
bears, in each case, to the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding on the 
Selection Date, provided that such nominal amounts shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the 
nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination.  No exchange of the relevant Global Covered 
Bond will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) 
the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) at least five days (or 
such shorter period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Selection Date.
7.4
Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders (Investor Put)
(a)
If an investor put is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms (the Investor Put), then 
if and to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of this Covered 
Bond giving to the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice provided that the Servicer has 
notified the Trustee in writing that there will be sufficient funds available to pay any 
termination payment due to the relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider(s), redeem in whole 
(but not in part), such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.
(b)
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Covered Bond, the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver such Covered Bond, on any 
Business Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fractions and other adjustments)) falling within the above-mentioned notice period at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice 
of exercise of the Investor Put in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition 7.4. 
(c)
If this Covered Bond is represented by a Global Covered Bond or is in definitive form and 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this Covered Bond must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.
(d)
Any Put Notice given by a Covered Bondholder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this 
Condition shall be irrevocable.

--- Page 116 ---
116
It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will 
need to be satisfied.  Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.
7.5
Repurchase by the Issuer at the option of the Covered Bondholders (Investor Repurchase Put)
(a)
If an Investor Repurchase Put is specified in the Final Terms (the Investor Repurchase Put), 
then if and to the extent that the Issuer does not redeem the Covered Bonds in full on the Final 
Maturity Date (taking into account any applicable grace periods), upon the holder of this 
Covered Bond giving to the Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, be required to purchase 
such Covered Bond on the date specified on such notice (the Repurchase Date) and at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms, together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Repurchase Date.
(b)
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Covered Bond, the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver such Covered Bond, on any 
Business Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fractions and other adjustments)) falling within the above-mentioned notice period at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice 
of exercise of the Investor Repurchase Put in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Repurchase Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition 7.5. 
(c)
Any Repurchase Put Notice given by a Covered Bondholder of any Covered Bond pursuant 
to this Condition 7.5 shall be irrevocable.
Any failure by the Issuer to repurchase Covered Bonds pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall not 
constitute an Event of Default.
7.6
General
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2 (Redemption for taxation 
reasons) or Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors (at the relevant time) of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled or required to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions set out in Condition 7.2 (Redemption for taxation reasons) or Condition 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) for such right or obligation (as applicable) of the 
Issuer to arise have been satisfied and that the Issuer will have the funds, not subject to the interest of 
any other persons, required to fulfil its obligations hereunder in respect of the Covered Bonds and any 
amounts required under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and/or the Deed of Charge to be 
paid pari passu with, or in priority to, the Covered Bonds and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept 
the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions set out above, in which event 
it shall be conclusive and binding on all Covered Bondholders and Couponholders.
7.7
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose Condition 7.2 (Redemption for taxation reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement):
(a)
each Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount; and

--- Page 117 ---
117
(b)
each Zero Coupon Covered Bond will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) equal to the sum of:
(c)
the Reference Price; and
(d)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Covered Bond becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation in paragraph (b) above is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, it shall be made (A) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in a Specified 
Currency other than euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each, or 
(B) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in euro, on the basis of the actual number of 
days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the 
number of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those days falling in 
a non leap year divided by 365) or (C) on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
7.8
Purchases
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered 
Bonds (provided that, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) at any price in the open 
market either by tender or private agreement or otherwise.  If purchases are made by tender, tenders 
must be available to all Covered Bondholders alike.  Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or 
the Registrar for cancellation.
Subsidiary means, with respect to any person, any corporation or other business entity of which such 
person owns or controls (either directly or through another subsidiary or other subsidiaries) 50 per 
cent. or more of the issued share capital or other ownership interest having ordinary voting power to 
elect directors, managers or trustees of such corporation or other business entity (other than capital 
stock or other ownership interest of any other classes which have voting power on the occurrence of 
any contingency). 
7.9
Cancellation
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith at the time of redemption).  All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered Bonds 
purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Purchases) and cancelled 
(together with, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
7.10
Late Payment
If any amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused upon its 
becoming due and repayable or is paid after its due date, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Covered Bond (the Late Payment) shall itself accrue interest (both before and after any judgment 
or other order of a court of competent jurisdiction) from (and including) the date on which such 
payment was improperly withheld or refused or, as the case may be, became due, to (but excluding) 
the Late Payment Date in accordance with the following provisions:

--- Page 118 ---
118
(a)
in the case of a Covered Bond other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at the rate determined 
in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) or 5.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Covered Bond), as the case may be; and
(b)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at a rate equal to the Accrual Yield,
in each case on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, on a 30/360 basis.
For the purpose of this Condition 7.9, the Late Payment Date shall mean the earlier of:
(i)
the date which the Principal Paying Agent determines to be the date on which, upon 
further presentation of the relevant Covered Bond, payment of the full amount 
(including interest as aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered 
Bond is to be made; and
(ii)
the seventh day after notice is given to the relevant Covered Bondholder (whether 
individually or in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) that the full amount 
(including interest as aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered 
Bond is available for payment,
provided that in the case of both (i) and (ii), upon further presentation thereof being duly made, such 
payment is made.
7.11
Portfolio Manager
If within one calendar month of the First Refinance Date or, if applicable, within one calendar month 
of the further Refinance Date (if applicable), the Servicer has not completed the appointment of a 
Portfolio Manager in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and provided that 
no Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds where 
that appointment is continuing, then following notice from the Servicer (pursuant to Clause 6.4(e) of 
the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) that no Portfolio Manager has been appointed (the 
Servicer’s Notice), Covered Bondholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds may within 10 Athens Business Days of receipt 
of a Servicer’s Notice, nominate a Portfolio Manager in writing (such nomination to contain evidence 
to the reasonable satisfaction of the Trustee to verify the relevant Covered Bondholder’s holdings 
(which could include a screenshot of the Covered Bondholder’s holdings) to the Trustee and Servicer 
for appointment by the Servicer. The Trustee shall notify the Covered Bondholders of each nomination 
it receives within five Athens Business Days of receipt. Following receipt of that notice and provided 
that no Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds, 
Covered Bondholders holding more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding 
of a Series of Covered Bonds may jointly within three Athens Business Days of receipt of a notice of 
a Portfolio Manager nomination from the Trustee object to that nomination provided that the objection 
is made in writing to the Trustee and Servicer and includes a nomination of an alternative Portfolio 
Manager to the Trustee and Servicer for appointment by the Servicer. The Trustee shall notify the 
Covered Bondholders of each alternative nomination it receives within five Athens Business Days of 
receipt. Provided that no Portfolio Manager has already been appointed in respect of another Series of 
Covered Bonds (and provided that appointment is continuing) the Servicer shall appoint the Portfolio 
Manager nominated in the most recent Portfolio Manager nomination received from Covered 
Bondholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all 
Series of Covered Bonds and to which no objection has been received in accordance with this 
Condition 7.11 or, should any such objection be received, the Portfolio Manager nominated from more 
than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of a Series of Covered Bonds. For 
the purposes of this Condition 7.11, if Covered Bonds of any Series are held by or on behalf of the

--- Page 119 ---
119
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as beneficial owner, then those Covered Bonds shall be deemed not to 
remain outstanding for the purposes of voting under this Condition 7.11, except if the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries hold all outstanding Covered Bonds under the Programme. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Trustee shall not be obliged to appoint a Portfolio Manager should the Servicer fail to do so (and 
shall have no liability for such failure) and shall not be responsible for determining the identity of the 
Portfolio Manager to be appointed by the Servicer following a nomination or determining or approving 
the terms of appointment of a Portfolio Manager.
8.
Taxation
(a)
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Coupons (if 
any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Hellenic Republic or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law.  Neither the Issuer, nor any other entity shall be obliged to 
pay any additional amount to any Covered Bondholder on account of such withholding or 
deduction.
(b)
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Hellenic 
Republic, references in the Conditions to the Hellenic Republic shall be construed as 
references to the Hellenic Republic and/or such other jurisdiction.
9.
Issuer Events
Prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of an Event of Default, if any of the following events (each, 
an Issuer Event) occurs:
(a)
an Issuer Insolvency Event;
(b)
the Issuer fails to pay any principal on the Final Maturity Date or interest in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds within a period of seven Athens Business Days from the due date 
thereof;
(c)
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any obligation, condition or 
provision binding on it (other than any obligation for the payment of amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds or Coupons of any Series) under the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge or any 
other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party which, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
would have a materially prejudicial effect on the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series and (except where such default is or the effects of such default are, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, not capable of remedy when no such continuation and notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required), such default continues for 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) after written notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer requiring 
the same to be remedied;
(d)
any present or future Indebtedness in respect of moneys borrowed or raised in an amount of 
€15,000,000 or more (other than Indebtedness under this Programme) of the Issuer becomes 
due and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof as extended by any grace period originally 
applicable thereto; or if any present or future guarantee of, or indemnity given by the Issuer 
in respect of such Indebtedness is not honoured when called upon or within any grace period 
originally applicable thereto; 
(e)
if there is a breach of a Statutory Test on a Calculation Date and such breach is not remedied 
within five Athens Business Days; or

--- Page 120 ---
120
(f)
if it is or will (in the opinion of the Trustee, having taken legal advice from a reputable firm 
of lawyers or a reputable legal expert) become unlawful or illegal for the Issuer to comply 
with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds or any of the Transaction 
Documents where such unlawfulness or illegality cannot be remedied and, in the case of an 
unlawfulness or illegality which can be remedied, is not covered within 30 days after written 
notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied,
then (for as long as such Issuer Event is continuing) (i) no further Covered Bonds will be issued, (ii) 
the Servicer will procure that any and all payments due under the Cover Pool Assets are effected 
henceforth directly to the Transaction Account or the Third Party Collection Account (as applicable) 
in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, (iii) all collections of principal and 
interest on the Cover Pool Assets will be dedicated exclusively to the payment of interest and 
repayment of principal on the Covered Bonds and to the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer vis-
à-vis the Secured Creditors in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, (iv) if Alpha Bank 
S.A. is the Servicer, its appointment as Servicer will be terminated and a new servicer (the 
Replacement Servicer) will be appointed pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation and (v) the Servicer or, as applicable, the 
Replacement Servicer appointed pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation will have the option to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets in accordance 
with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed until one year prior to the Extended 
Final Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and thereafter will be obliged to sell in 
whole or in part the Loan Assets in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed. 
Issuer Insolvency Event means, in respect of the Issuer:
(a)
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the liquidation or winding up of the 
Issuer, except for the purposes of a reconstruction, amalgamation or merger or following the 
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the relevant entity;
(b)
the Issuer stops or shall be unable to, or shall admit inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, 
or shall be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by a court of competent jurisdiction;
(c)
a receiver, trustee or other similar official shall be appointed in relation to the Issuer or in 
relation to the whole or over half of the assets of the Issuer or an encumbrancer shall take 
possession of the whole or over half of the assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or 
other process shall be levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or (in the opinion 
of the Trustee) a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and in any of the foregoing cases it 
or he shall not be discharged within 60 days;
(d)
the imposition on the Issuer of resolution measures in accordance with articles 37ff of Greek 
law 4335/2015; or
(e)
a supervisor (Epitropos) of the Issuer is appointed in accordance with article 137 of Greek law 
4261/2014 or Issuer is placed in liquidation in accordance with article 145 of Greek law 
4261/2014;
10.
Events of Default and Enforcement

--- Page 121 ---
121
10.1
Events of Default
If any of the following events occurs, and is continuing:
(a)
on the Final Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds are not subject to an 
Extended Final Maturity Date) or, if such series of Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended 
Final Maturity Date, the Extended Final Maturity Date, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on such Covered Bonds on such 
date and such default is not remedied within a period of seven Athens Business Days from the 
due date thereof; or
(b)
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount of interest due on any 
Series of Covered Bonds occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of 14 Athens 
Business Days from the due date thereof, or
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice in writing from the Principal Paying Agent or any 
Covered Bondholder serve a notice (a Notice of Default) on the Issuer.
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall become 
immediately due and payable.
10.2
Enforcement
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings or 
steps or exercise rights or powers under or in connection with the Deed of Charge, the Trust Deed, the 
Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Document against the Issuer and/or any other person as it 
may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Deed of Charge, the Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds or 
any other Transaction Document in accordance with its or their terms and the pledge created under the 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation and may, at any time after the Security has become enforceable, take 
such proceedings or steps or exercise such rights or powers as it may think fit to enforce the Security, 
but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps or exercise such rights or powers unless 
(i) it shall have been so directed by (A) an Extraordinary Resolution of all the Covered Bondholders 
of all Series (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted into 
Euro at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate) or (B) a request in writing by the holders of not less 
than 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series 
then outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted 
into Euro at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate), and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions under this Condition 10.2 the Trustee 
shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of all Series taken together and 
shall not have regard to the interests of any individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their number) 
or any other Secured Creditors.
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to 
take any action with respect to the Trust Deed, any other Transaction Document, the Covered Bonds, 
the Coupons, or the Security unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do 
within a reasonable period and such failure shall be continuing.
11.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(whether in bearer or registered form) will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of 
principal, within ten years or, in the case of interest, five years after the Relevant Date.

--- Page 122 ---
122
The Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation to pay principal on a Registered Covered Bond to 
the extent that the relevant Registered Covered Bond certificate has not been surrendered to the 
Registrar by, or a cheque which has been duly despatched in the Specified Currency remains uncashed 
at, the end of the period of ten years from the Relevant Date for such payment.
The Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation to pay interest on a Registered Covered Bond to the 
extent that a cheque which has been duly dispatched in the Specified Currency remains uncashed at 
the end of the period of five years from the Relevant Date in respect of such payment.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for paying in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 11 or Condition 6 (Payments).
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which payment in respect of the Covered Bond 
or Coupon first becomes due and payable but, if the full amount of the moneys payable on such date 
has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such date, the Relevant Date shall 
be the date on which such moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect has been given 
to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).
12.
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons
If any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds), or any other place approved by 
the Trustee, of which notice shall be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) (and, if the Covered Bonds are then listed on any stock exchange which 
requires the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its specified 
office in the place required by such stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Talons or Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.
13.
Exchange of Talons
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Bearer Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 11 (Prescription).  Each Talon shall, for the purposes of 
these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet matures.
14.
Trustee and Agents
(a)
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain circumstances specified 
therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders.
(b)
The initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set forth in the Base Prospectus and in 
the Master Definitions and Construction Schedule.  If any additional Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.  The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 123 ---
123
Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor Principal Paying 
Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor Agents provided, however, that:
(i)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;
(ii)
it will maintain a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) having a 
specified office in a city in Europe;
(iii)
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to listing 
by any other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Covered Bonds) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority;
(iv)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer (or following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and
(v)
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange which 
requires the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer (or following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall maintain an Agent having its 
specified office in the place required by such stock exchange; 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in any of the Agents or in their specified 
offices shall promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices).
Under the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction and relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances and to be 
paid its remuneration, costs and expenses and all other liabilities in priority to the claims of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors.
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and affiliates and to act 
as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or 
any of its Subsidiaries and affiliates, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations 
and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such 
trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
Couponholders or the other Secured Creditors and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any 
profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.
The Trustee will not be responsible for any loss, expense or liability, which may be suffered as a result 
of any Cover Pool Asset, or any deeds or documents of title thereto, being uninsured or inadequately 
insured or being held by organisations or their operators or by intermediaries such as banks, brokers 
or other similar persons on behalf of the Trustee. The will not be responsible for (a) supervising the 
performance by the Issuer, the Servicer or any other party to the Transaction Documents of their 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents and the Trustee will be entitled to assume, 
until they each have written notice to the contrary, that all such persons are properly performing their 
duties; (b) considering the basis on which approvals or consents are granted by the Issuer or any other 
party to the Transaction Documents under the Transaction Documents; (c) monitoring the Cover Pool, 
including, without limitation, whether the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Statutory Tests or the 
Amortisation Test; or (d) monitoring whether Loan Assets satisfy the Eligibility Criteria. The Trustee 
will not be liable to any holder of the Covered Bonds or other Secured Creditor for any failure to make

--- Page 124 ---
124
or to cause to be made on their behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally 
be made by a prudent chargee in relation to the Security and have no responsibility in relation to the 
legality, validity, sufficiency and enforceability of the Security, the Covered Bonds and the 
Transaction Documents. 
15.
Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver
(a)
Meetings of Covered Bondholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Covered Bondholders of each Series to consider matters relating to the Covered 
Bonds, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of Covered 
Bondholders of the relevant Series.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing signed by Covered 
Bondholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of the relevant Series.  The quorum at any meeting convened to 
vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than a clear majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing 
Covered Bondholders of such Series whatever the principal amount of the Covered Bonds of 
such Series held or represented; provided, however, that Series Reserved Matters (as defined 
below), may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series at which one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, not less than one-third of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds of the relevant Series form 
a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders of the relevant Series, whether present or 
not.
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Extraordinary Resolution 
to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Enforcement) (each a 
Programme Resolution) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding.  Any such meeting to consider a Programme 
Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee or by Covered Bondholders holding at least 
25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then 
outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing a Programme Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing a clear majority of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of all Series for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing Covered Bonds whatever the nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series then outstanding.  A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series shall be binding on all Covered Bondholders of all Series, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders in respect of such Covered Bonds.
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where such 
Covered Bonds are not denominated in Euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
not denominated in Euro shall be deemed, for the purposes of such meeting, to be an amount in Euro 
equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered Bonds converted to Euro using the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate.
(b)
Rating Agency Confirmation and Notification: Any such modification referred to in paragraph 
(a) above may only be effected provided that each of the Rating Agencies has been notified.
(c)
Modification: The Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders of any Series or any of the other Secured Creditors (other than 
any Secured Creditor that is a party to the relevant document(s) and the Swap Providers in

--- Page 125 ---
125
respect of a modification to the Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments, the Post Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, these Conditions, the Eligibility Criteria or the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed (such consent or sanction not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed)) at any time and from time to time concur with the Issuer and any other party, to:
(i)
any modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series (including these 
Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction Document provided that in the 
sole opinion of the Trustee such modification is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, or
(ii)
any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Covered Bonds of any one 
or more Series (including these Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction 
Document which is in the sole opinion of the Trustee of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is to correct a manifest error,
any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee 
may determine, shall be binding upon the Covered Bondholders, the related Couponholders and, unless 
the Trustee otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer to (i) the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and (ii) to the Rating Agencies as soon as practicable 
thereafter as soon as practicable thereafter.
Series Reserved Matter means in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series: 
(i)
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where 
applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds other than in accordance with the terms 
thereof (other than in the case of a Base Rate Modification); 
(ii)
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds and Coupons are to be 
made other than in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Redenomination);
(iii)
alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv)
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Covered Bonds 
for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the cancellation of the Covered Bonds in 
consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or 
other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, 
or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of such shares, 
stock, bonds, covered bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations; and 
(v)
alteration of this proviso or the proviso to paragraph 6 of Schedule 3 (Provisions for meetings 
of Covered Bondholders) of the Trust Deed; and
(vi)
alteration of this definition of Series Reserved Matter.
(d)
Breach/ waiver: The Trustee may without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders of 
any Series and/or Couponholders and any Secured Creditors and without prejudice to its rights 
in respect of any subsequent breach, Issuer Event, Potential Event of Default, or Event of 
Default from time to time and at any time but only if in so far as in its opinion the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders of any Series shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or 
authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in the Trust Deed or the other Transaction Documents or determine that any Issuer

--- Page 126 ---
126
Event, Potential Event of Default or Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the 
purposes of the Trust Deed PROVIDED ALWAYS THAT the Trustee shall not exercise any 
powers conferred on it by this Condition 15(d) in contravention of any express direction given 
by Extraordinary Resolution or by a request under Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) but so that no such direction or request shall affect any waiver, authorisation or 
determination previously given or made.  Any such waiver, authorisation or determination 
may be given or made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee 
may determine, shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders and/or the Couponholders and 
shall be notified by the Issuer (i) (if, but only if, the Trustee shall so require) to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and (ii) to the Rating Agencies as 
soon as practicable thereafter.
(e)
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Condition 15, the Trustee shall be obliged, without any 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, the related Couponholders and 
without the consent of the Secured Creditors, to concur with the Issuer in making any 
modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter), for the avoidance of doubt, 
irrespective of whether such modification is materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series, to: 
(i)
the terms and conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series 
(including the Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction Document for the 
purpose of complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any change in the criteria 
of one or more of the Rating Agencies which may be applicable from time to time, 
provided that in relation to any amendment under this Condition 15(e)(i), the Issuer 
certifies in writing to the Trustee that such modification is necessary to comply with 
such criteria or, as the case may be, is solely to implement and reflect such criteria 
and the Issuer either:
(A)
has obtained from each of the Rating Agencies written confirmation (or 
certifies in writing to the Trustee that it has been unable to obtain written 
confirmation, but has received oral confirmation from an appropriately 
authorised person at each of the Rating Agencies) that such modification 
would not result in a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current 
ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by such Rating Agency and would not 
result in any Rating Agency placing any Series of Covered Bonds on rating 
watch negative (or equivalent) and, if relevant, delivers a copy of each such 
confirmation to the Trustee; or 
(B)
certifies in writing to the Trustee that the Rating Agencies have been informed 
of the proposed modification and none of the Rating Agencies has indicated 
that such modification would result in a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension 
of the then current ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by such Rating 
Agency or such Rating Agency placing any Covered Bonds on rating watch 
negative (or equivalent); or
(ii)
the terms and conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series 
(including the Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction Document for the 
purpose of complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any change that is 
requested by the Issuer in order to enable the Issuer to comply with any requirements 
which apply to it (i) Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade 
repositories as amended and as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (UK EMIR) and/or (ii) Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central

--- Page 127 ---
127
counterparties and trade repositories as amended (EU EMIR), as applicable, subject 
to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate of the Issuer (upon which the Trustee may 
rely without further enquiry or liability to any person) certifying to the Trustee that 
the requested amendments are to be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer 
to satisfy any requirements which apply to it under EU EMIR or UK EMIR;
(iii)
the terms and conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series 
(including the Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction Document for the 
purpose of changing the Screen Rate or the base rate that then applies in respect of 
any Covered Bonds to an alternative base rate (any such rate, which may include an 
alternative Screen Rate, an Alternative Base Rate) and making such other 
amendments as are necessary or advisable in the commercially reasonable judgment 
of the Issuer (or the Independent Adviser on its behalf) to facilitate such change (a 
Base Rate Modification), provided that the Issuer (or an Independent Adviser on its 
behalf), certifies to the Trustee: 
(A)
that such Base Rate Modification is being undertaken due to:
I.
a material disruption to EURIBOR or SONIA, an adverse change in 
the methodology of calculating SONIA or EURIBOR or either of 
SONIA or EURIBOR ceasing to exist or be published; 
II.
the insolvency or cessation of business of the SONIA administrator 
or EURIBOR administrator (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed); 
III.
a public statement by the relevant administrator that it will cease 
publishing EURIBOR or SONIA as the case may be permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of EURIBOR or 
SONIA as the case may be);  
IV.
a public statement by the supervisor of the relevant administrator that 
EURIBOR or SONIA has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or will be changed in an adverse manner; 
V.
a public announcement of the permanent or indefinite discontinuation 
of the relevant Screen Rate or base rate that applies to the Covered 
Bonds;
VI.
public statement by the supervisor of the relevant administrator that 
means EURIBOR or SONIA may no longer be used or that its use is 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; 
VII.
a public announcement of the permanent or indefinite discontinuation 
of the relevant Screen Rate or base rate that applies to the Covered 
Bonds at such time; or
VIII.
the reasonable expectation of the Issuer (or an Independent Adviser 
on its behalf) that any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs I, II, 
III, IV, V, VI or VII above will occur or exist within six months of 
the proposed effective date of such Base Rate Modification; and
(B)
such Alternative Base Rate is:

--- Page 128 ---
128
I.
a base rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the 
Federal Reserve or the Bank of England, any regulator in the United 
States, the United Kingdom or the European Union or any stock 
exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed (or any relevant 
committee or other body established, sponsored or approved by any 
of the foregoing); 
II.
the Broad Treasuries Repo Financing Rate (or any rate which is 
derived from, based upon or otherwise similar to either of the 
foregoing); 
III.
a base rate utilised in a material number of publicly-listed new issues 
of Sterling-denominated or Euro-denominated (as applicable) asset 
backed floating rate notes prior to the effective date of such Base Rate 
Modification; or 
IV.
such other base rate as the Issuer (or the Independent Adviser on its 
behalf) reasonably determines.
(iv)
(A)
subject to compliance with Clause 6.2(a)(i) of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, the definitions of Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, 
Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and Amortisation Test as a consequence 
of the inclusion in the Cover Pool of Additional Cover Pool Assets that are 
New Asset Types and/or changes to the hedging policies or servicing and 
collection procedures of Alpha and/or as a result of any updates, 
amendments or supplements to the Covered Bond Legislation provided that 
Moody's has provided confirmation in writing that the ratings on the 
Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn as a result 
of such amendment; and
(B)
notwithstanding the provisions of the Deed of Charge and the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, clause 19 (Modification) of the Trust 
Deed) and subject to receipt of a certificate from the Issuer confirming that 
the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds will not be downgraded or 
withdrawn by reason of such change, the percentage figure in Clause 7.1(f) 
of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed,
provided that in relation to any amendment under this Condition 15(e)(iv), the Issuer 
certifies in writing to the Trustee that such modification (1) is required as a 
consequence of the inclusion in the Cover Pool of Additional Cover Pool Assets that 
are New Asset Types and/or changes to the hedging policies or servicing and 
collection procedures of Alpha and/or as a result of any updates, amendments or 
supplements to the Covered Bond Legislation and (2) shall be in compliance with the 
provisions of Clause 6.2(a)(i) of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed,
provided further that the Trustee shall not be obliged to concur with the Issuer in making any 
modification that may impact on the Trustee’s rights, duties and obligations under the Trust Deed, 
the Conditions or any other Transaction Document.
(f)
(i)
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining an Alternative Base Rate

--- Page 129 ---
129
(in accordance with Condition 15(e)(iii)) and such appointment shall be done in a 
timely manner.
(ii)
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 15(f) shall act in good 
faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Principal Paying Agent, any other party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given by it to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 15(e)(iii).  
In this Condition 15, an Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.
16.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders or any other Secured Creditors, create and issue further Covered Bonds having the 
same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest thereon, issue date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds provided that (i) no Issuer Event or Event of Default has occurred which is continuing and that 
such issuance would not cause an Issuer Event or Event of Default, (ii) such issuance would not result 
in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) each Rating Agency has been notified of such issuance, 
(iv) such issuance has been approved by the Bank of Greece in accordance with Article 20(4) of the 
Covered Bond Law and (v) if applicable, in respect of such Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement 
is entered into.
17.
Notices
All notices regarding the Bearer Covered Bonds will be valid if published in one leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London or any other daily newspaper in London 
approved by the Trustee and, (for so long as any Bearer Covered Bonds are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange https://www.luxse.com.  It is 
expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and (in relation to Bearer 
Covered Bonds listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) in the Luxemburger 
Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg.  The Issuer or, in the case of a notice given by the Trustee, the 
Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered 
Bonds are for the time being listed.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on 
which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers or where published in such 
newspapers on different dates, the last date of such first publication).  If publication as provided above 
is not practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given 
on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.
All notices regarding the Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Covered Bonds are listed, 
quoted or traded on a stock exchange or are admitted to listing or trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the relevant website or published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places

--- Page 130 ---
130
required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication.  If the giving of notice as provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such 
other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Bearer Covered Bondholders.
So long as the Covered Bonds are represented in their entirety by any Global Covered Bonds held on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be substituted for such publication in 
such newspaper(s) or such mailing, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Covered Bondholders provided that, in addition, for 
so long as any Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing or trading by any 
other relevant authority and the rules of the stock exchange, or as the case may be, other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the relevant website or published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange or, as the case 
may be, any other relevant authority.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Covered Bondholders on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate.
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relevant Covered Bond or 
Covered Bonds, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds).  Whilst the Covered Bonds are represented by 
Global Covered Bonds, any notice may be given by any Covered Bondholder to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose.
18.
Substitution of the Issuer
(a)
If so requested by the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the consent of any Covered Bondholder 
or Couponholder or any other Secured Creditor, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer of any other body incorporated in any country in the world as the debtor in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, any Coupons and the Trust Deed and each other Transaction 
Document (the New Company) upon notice by the Issuer and the New Company to be given 
to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), provided that:
(i)
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under the Covered Bonds;
(ii)
the Issuer and the New Company have entered into such documents (the Documents) 
as are necessary, in the opinion of the Trustee, to give effect to the substitution and in 
which the New Company has undertaken in favour of the Trustee and each Covered 
Bondholder to be bound by the Trust Deed, these Conditions and each other 
Transaction Document as the principal debtor in respect of the Covered Bonds in place 
of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 18);
(iii)
if the New Company is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the New Residence) 
other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax 
purposes (the Former Residence), the Documents contain an undertaking and/or such 
other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that the Trustee and each Covered 
Bondholder has the benefit of an undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions 
of Condition 8 (Taxation), with the substitution of references to the Former Residence 
with references to the New Residence;

--- Page 131 ---
131
(iv)
the New Company and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for the performance by the New Company of 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents;
(v)
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Trustee (with a copy of such legal 
opinions also to be provided to the Rating Agencies) from lawyers of recognised 
standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the New Company, in England and in 
Greece as to matters of law relating to the fulfilment of the requirements of this 
Condition 18 and that the Covered Bonds and any Coupons and/or Talons are legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the New Company;
(vi)
if Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme have been assigned a 
credit rating by Moody's (the Rating Agency), Moody's have confirmed, within 30 
days of receiving such notice, that the then current rating of the then outstanding 
Covered Bonds would not be downgraded as a result of such substitution;
(vii)
each stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the New Company, the Covered Bonds will 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(viii)
if applicable, the New Company has appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with the Covered Bonds, the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction 
Document;
(ix)
without prejudice to the rights of reliance of the Trustee under the immediately 
following paragraph (x), the Trustee is satisfied that the relevant transaction is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; and
(x)
if two directors of the New Company (or other officers acceptable to the Trustee) have 
certified that the New Company is solvent both at the time at which the relevant 
transaction is proposed to be effected and immediately thereafter (which certificate 
the Trustee can rely on absolutely), the Trustee shall not be under any duty to have 
regard to the financial conditions, profits or prospect of the New Company or to 
compare the same with those of the Issuer.
(b)
Upon such substitution the New Company shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may 
exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, any Coupons and the 
Trust Deed with the same effect as if the New Company has been named as the Issuer herein, 
and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Covered Bonds, any Coupons 
and/or Talons and under the Trust Deed.
(c)
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 18(a) the New Company may, without the consent 
of any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions 
specified in Conditions 18(a) and 18(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further New Company.
(d)
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 18(a) or 18(c) any New Company may, without the 
consent of any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis 
mutandis.

--- Page 132 ---
132
(e)
The Transaction Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent.  
Copies of the Transaction Documents will be available free of charge during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.
19.
Renominalisation and Reconventioning
If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to become, a participating 
Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, 
on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Covered Bondholders and the Paying Agents, designate 
a date (the Redenomination Date), being an Interest Payment Date under the Covered Bonds falling 
on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating Member State to redenominate all, 
but not some only, of the Covered Bonds of any series.
20.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save 
that the security under the Statutory Pledge referred to in Condition 3 (Status of the Covered Bonds) 
above, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with Greek law.
21.
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
Subject to Condition 21(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds and the Coupons, including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination 
or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds and the Coupons (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 21, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
22.
Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Alpha Bank London Limited at Capital House, 85 King William 
Street, London EC4N 7BL (Attn.: Lindsay Mackay (Managing Director)/Graham Ballantyne (General 
Manager), Email: lindsaym@alpha-bank.co.uk/grahamb@alpha-bank.co.uk, Fax: 00 44 207 332 
0010), as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to 
any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Alpha Bank London Limited being unable or unwilling 
for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its 
agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  
23.
Third Parties
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 133 ---
133
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached or registered form, without interest coupons and/or talons attached.  Bearer Covered Bonds will be 
issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Covered Bonds may be issued 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S.
Bearer Covered Bonds
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global covered bond 
without interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global Covered Bond) which will:
(a)
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) are issued in new global covered bond (NGCB) 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and
(b)
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are not issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Bearer Covered Bonds will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions.
Where the Global Covered Bonds issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGCB form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Covered Bonds are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Covered Bonds are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The 
Common Safekeeper for NGCBs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
Whilst any Bearer Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Covered Bonds due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Covered Bond 
if the Temporary Global Covered Bond is not issued in NGCB form) only outside the United States and its 
possessions and to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Covered Bond are not U.S. 
persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent.
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered Bond is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a permanent global covered bond without interest coupons attached 
(a Permanent Global Covered Bond and, together with the Temporary Global Covered Bonds, the Bearer 
Global Covered Bonds and each a Bearer Global Covered Bond) of the same Series or (b) for Bearer 
Definitive Covered Bonds of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, to such 
notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given.  Purchasers in the 
United States and certain United States persons will not be able to receive Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds 
or interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond.  The holder of a Temporary Global Covered Bond will

--- Page 134 ---
134
not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date 
unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Covered Bond or for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
made outside the United States and its possession and through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Covered Bond (if the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond is not issued in NGCB form) without any requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon either (a) provided the Covered Bonds have a minimum Specified Denomination, or 
integral multiples thereof, not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Covered Bond) 
to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no successor clearing system acceptable to the Trustee is available or (ii) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Bearer Global Covered 
Bond (and any interests therein) exchanged for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds.  The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Covered Bondholders of each Series of Bearer Global Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Covered Bond) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (b) above, the Issuer may 
also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.
Bearer Global Covered Bonds, Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and any Coupons or Talons attached thereto 
will be issued pursuant to the Trust Deed.
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Covered Bonds (other than Temporary Global Covered Bonds) 
talons and interest coupons relating to such Bearer Covered Bonds where TEFRA D is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms:
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE."
The sections referred to provide that United States persons (as defined for U.S. federal tax purposes), with 
certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Covered Bonds, talons or interest coupons 
and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale or other disposition in 
respect of such Bearer Covered Bonds, talons or interest coupons.
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be.
Registered Covered Bonds
Registered Global Covered Bonds will be (a) if the applicable Final Terms specify the Registered Global 
Covered Bonds are intended to held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (being the new 
safekeeping structure (NSS)), deposited on the relevant Issue Date with the Common Safekeeper; or (b) if the

--- Page 135 ---
135
applicable Final Terms specify the Registered Global Covered Bonds are not intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, deposited on the relevant Issue Date with a nominee or Common 
Depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
Any indication that the Registered Global Covered Bonds are to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility does not necessarily mean that the Registered Global Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Covered Bonds will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds)) as the registered holder of the Registered 
Global Covered Bonds.  None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds)) 
immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition.
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds without Coupons or Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (a) in the case of a Registered Global 
Covered Bond registered in the name of the Common Depositary or its nominee, the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (b) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Registered 
Global Covered Bond (and any interests therein) exchanged for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds.  The 
Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders of each Series of Registered Global Covered Bonds 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any registered 
holder of an interest in such Registered Global Covered Bond) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (b) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, CINS number which are different 
from the common code, ISIN and CINS number assigned to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least the Exchange Date applicable to the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system and/or additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee.

--- Page 136 ---
136
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing.

--- Page 137 ---
137
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are 
not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making the Covered Bonds available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making the Covered Bonds 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 3
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making the Covered Bonds available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making the Covered Bonds available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 138 ---
138
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. 
[Date]
ALPHA BANK S.A.
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800DBQIB6VBNU5C64
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds]
Under the €8 billion
Direct Issuance Global Covered Bond Programme II
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 February 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  This document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Copies of the Base Prospectus 
has been published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (https://www.luxse.com).
(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectuses dated [29 November 2017][5 June 2019] which are 
being incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [21] February 2023.  This document constitutes 
the final terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [29 November 
2017][5 June 2019] [and the supplement to it dated [date]], which [together] constitute[s], a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Copies of the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] are available for viewing, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (https://www.luxse.com).]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms]
1.
(a)
Series Number:
[         ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[         ]

--- Page 139 ---
139
(c)
Series which Covered Bonds will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series with:
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issued 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] 
(d)
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series:
 [         ][the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Covered Bond for interests in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond, as referred to in paragraph [] 
below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[          ]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds:
[          ]
(a)
Series:
[          ]
(b)
Tranche:
[          ]
4.
Issue Price:
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
5.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[        ]
(N.B. Covered Bonds must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent))
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed:
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Covered Bond in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")
(b)
Calculation Amount:
[         ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  N.B. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)
6.
(a)
Issue Date:
[         ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[         ]
(NB An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds)

--- Page 140 ---
140
7.
(a)
Final Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate - specify date / Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]
(b)
Extended Final Maturity Date
[        ]
[Fixed rate – specify date / Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year, in each case falling 47 years after the Final 
Maturity Date]]  
8.
Interest Basis:
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[Compounded Daily SONIA/EURIBOR] +/- [    ] per 
cent floating rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[From and including the date on which the Covered 
Bonds became Pass Through Covered Bonds 
[[Compounded Daily SONIA/EURIBOR] +/- [] per 
cent.]].
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on 
the Final Maturity Date at [  ] per cent of their nominal 
amount
10.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there][Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Not Applicable]
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[(further particulars specified below)]
12.
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained:]
[       ]
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Covered Bonds)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 141 ---
141
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[[         ] in each year up to and including the Final 
Maturity Date, or the Extended Final Maturity Date, if 
applicable]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Business Day Convention:
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/[Not applicable]]
(d)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[         ]
(e)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form)
[         ] per Calculation Amount
(f)
Broken Amount(s):
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form)
[[          ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
applicable]
(g)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360/Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)]] [adjusted/not 
adjusted]
(h)
[Determination Date
[[      ] in each year][Not applicable]
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon] 
14.
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Interest Period(s)
From and including the Issue Date to and including the 
Final Maturity Date, prior to the Covered Bonds 
becoming Pass Through Covered Bonds.  Following 
the Covered Bonds becoming Pass Through Covered 
Bonds, [] of each month up to but excluding the 
Extended Final Maturity Date.
(b)
Specified Interest Payment Dates
[], [], [] and [] in each year up to and including 
the Final Maturity Date. Following the Covered Bonds 
becoming Pass-Through Covered Bonds, [] of each 
month up to but excluding the Extended Final 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 142 ---
142
(c)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not applicable]
(d)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[       ]
(e)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]
(f)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent):
[          ]
(g)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[From and including the Issue Date to but excluding 
the Specified Interest Payment Date prior to the 
Covered Bonds becoming Pass Through Covered 
Bonds: [      ] month [Compounded Daily SONIA 
/EURIBOR]]
Following the Specified Interest Payment Date after to 
the Covered Bonds becoming Pass Through Covered 
Bonds to but excluding the Extended Final Maturity 
Date: [   ] month [Compounded Daily SONIA 
/EURIBOR]]

Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:
[London/Brussels]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[         ] 
[[] [TARGET2/[]] Business Days [in []] prior to 
the [] day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date][5 London Business Days prior 
to the end of each Interest Period] []
(N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up to 
and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, if 
applicable)

Relevant Screen Page:
[        ]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 
or in the case of SONIA, if not Reuters Screen 
SONIA, then ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

SONIA Lag Period (p):
[5 / [] London Business Days] [Not Applicable]

Observation Method:
[Lag][Lock-Out][Shift]

--- Page 143 ---
143

Index Determination:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
[Where Index Determination is applicable, "Shift" 
should be specified as the Observation Method]
(h)
ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[         ]

Designated Maturity:
[         ]

Reset Date:
[        ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period).
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for SONIA and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time)
(i)
Linear Interpolation
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]
(j)
Margin(s):
[+/-][         ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[          ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[           ] per cent. per annum
(m)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/ Actual [(ICMA)/(ISDA)]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)
[adjusted/not adjusted]
15.
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[        ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[          ]

--- Page 144 ---
144
(c)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[Not Applicable]]
(d)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
Late Payments:
[30/360]
[Actual/Actual [(ICMA)/(ISDA)]]
[adjusted/not adjusted]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16.
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for taxation reasons):
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
17.
Issuer Call
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[          ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount(s):
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
(If redeemable in part:
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Notice Periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee)
18.
Investor Put
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[          ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 145 ---
145
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee)
19.
Investor Repurchase Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
20.
Final Redemption Amount:
[          ] per Calculation Amount
21.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS
22.
Form of Covered Bonds:
[Bearer Covered Bonds:
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds 
[on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]]
[Permanent 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds 
[on 60 days' notice given at any time/only after an 
Exchange Event]]
(N.B. The exchange upon notice should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].")]
[Registered Covered Bonds:
Registered in the name of a nominee of the [[common 
safekeeper]/[common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]
23.
[New 
Global 
Covered 
Bond][New 
Safekeeping Structure]:
[Yes/No]

--- Page 146 ---
146
24.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates:
[Not Applicable/give details]. 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest to which 
paragraph [13(d) relates])
25.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Bearer Definitive Covered 
Bonds:
[Yes, as the Covered Bonds have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No]

--- Page 147 ---
147
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Alpha Bank S.A.
By: 
Duly Authorised

--- Page 148 ---
148
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(a)
Admission to trading and 
admission to listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on [Specify relevant regulated market and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list] [on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [          ].
(NB Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are already 
admitted to trading.)
(b)
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[          ]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Covered Bonds of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated 
defined terms].
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation)
[To include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 149 ---
149
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES
(a)
Reasons for the offer:
[          ]
(b)
[Estimated net proceeds:
[          ]
(c)
[Estimated 
total 
expenses:
[          ]
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only)
Indication of yield:
[          ] [Not Applicable]
6.
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Covered Bonds only)
Details of historic [SONIA/EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[          ]
Common Code:
[          ]
CFI:
[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
FISN:
[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable")
[(insert here any other relevant 
codes such as CINS codes):
[          ]]
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s), number(s) and 
address(es)]

--- Page 150 ---
150
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s):
[          ]
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[          ][Not Applicable]
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
[include this text for Registered Covered Bonds] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] /
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them the 
Covered Bonds may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)] [include this text for 
Registered Covered Bonds].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
8.
DISTRIBUTION
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
If syndicated, names of managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement:
[          ]
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 151 ---
151
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of 
the Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products, “Applicable” should be specified.)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered 
Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified)
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by [ESMA/the Financial 
Conduct Authority] pursuant to [Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the][Article 2] 
of the [EU][UK] Benchmarks Regulation]]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
[EU][UK] 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not 
Applicable]
European 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Premium)
[Yes][No]

--- Page 152 ---
152
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER
The Greek Covered Bond Legislation contains provisions relating to the protection of the Covered 
Bondholders and other Secured Creditors upon the insolvency or rehabilitation of the Issuer.
In the event of insolvency or rehabilitation of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that 
the Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer until payment of 
any amounts due to the Covered Bondholders has been made in full.  Upon registration of the Registration 
Statements with the public registry, the issue of the Covered Bonds, the creation of the Statutory Pledge and 
the security governed by foreign law (including pursuant to the Deed of Charge), the payments to Covered 
Bondholders and other Secured Creditors and the entry into of any agreement relating to the issue of Covered 
Bonds will not be affected by the commencement of insolvency or rehabilitation proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer.  All collections from the Cover Pool Assets shall be applied solely towards payment of amounts due to 
the Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors.
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, both before and after the commencement of insolvency or 
rehabilitation proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Cover Pool may be autonomously managed until full 
payment of the amounts due to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors has been made. To 
ensure continuation of the servicing in the event of insolvency or rehabilitation of the Issuer acting as the 
Servicer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that the Transaction Documents may provide for the 
substitution of the Servicer upon the insolvency or rehabilitation of the Issuer. 
In the event of the Issuer's insolvency under Greek law 4261/2014 or rehabilitation, a special administrator 
shall be appointed by the Trustee, subject to a positive opinion of the Bank of Greece, in order to monitor the 
process and ensure that the bondholders’ interests are not affected. The Trustee can be also appointed as special 
administrator. The Bank of Greece shall appoint the special administrator, if the Trustee does not do so. Such 
person shall be obliged to service the Cover Pool in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed.
The special liquidator that will be appointed by the Bank of Greece to undertake the management of the Issuer 
in the event of insolvency of the latter, will be required to treat the Cover Pool as a segregated pool of assets 
on the basis of the segregation provisions of Article 14 of the Covered Bond Law and in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the terms of which, including, inter alia, the termination, substitution 
and replacement provisions, will at all times apply.
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors shall be 
satisfied in respect of the portion of their claims that is not paid off from the Cover Pool from the remaining 
assets of the Issuer as unsecured creditors in accordance with Article 6 of the Covered Bond Law (i.e. after 
satisfaction of preferred creditors in accordance with article 145A (a)-(k) of Greek law 4261/2014 (added 
through par. 1 of article 120 of Greek law 4335/2015, as amended and currently in force).
Further to the above, the covered bonds are excluded from the liabilities which are subject to the bail-in tool 
of article 44 of Greek law 4335/2015 (which transposed into Greek law article 44 of Directive 2014/59/EU) to 
the extent that they are secured. In particular, all secured assets relating to a covered bond cover pool should 
remain unaffected and segregated.  However, the resolution authority may exercise its power of conversion or 
write down, where appropriate, in relation to any part of a secured liability to the extent that exceeds the value 
of the security.

--- Page 153 ---
153
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes.

--- Page 154 ---
154
OVERVIEW OF THE GREEK COVERED BOND LEGISLATION
The following is a summary of the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be 
aware. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Greek 
legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds and prospective Covered Bondholders 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Introduction - Framework
The transactions described in this Base Prospectus are the subject of specific legislation, the Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation. As mentioned elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation 
includes Law 4920/2022 (the Covered Bond Law), which replaced the previous Greek legal framework on 
covered bonds (consisting of Article 152 of law 4261/2014, as supplemented by Act nr. 2620/28.8.2009 of the 
Governor of the Bank of Greece) and transposed the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision 
(which amended Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU) (the Covered Bonds Directive). The Covered Bond 
Law entered into force on 8 July 2022, while covered bonds issued prior to such date continue in principle to 
be governed by Article 152 of law 4261/2014. 
The Covered Bond Law supersedes general provisions of law contained in the Civil Code, the Code of Civil 
Procedure and the Insolvency Code. The legislative framework in Greece is supplemented by Law 3156/2003 
"On Bond Loans, Securitization of Claims and of Claims from Real Estate and Other Provisions" (the Bond 
Loan and Securitization Law) and Law 4548/2018 "Reform of law on sociétés anonymes" (the Greek 
Company Law), to the extent that the Covered Bond Law cross-refers to these laws. The Greek Covered Bond 
Law has been enacted, with a view, inter alia, to complying with the standards of the Covered Bonds Directive 
and Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the Capital Requirements Regulation or the CRR) and strengthening the 
conditions for granting preferential capital treatment to covered bonds by adding further requirements and 
entitles credit institutions to issue covered bonds with preferential rights in favour of the holders thereof and 
certain other creditors over a cover pool comprised by certain assets discussed in further detail below.
Ιt should be noted that the Covered Bond Law in many occasions authorizes the Bank of Greece to issue rules 
supplementing the provisions of the Covered Bond Law.  Based on this authorisation the Executive Committee 
of the Bank of Greece issued decision nr. 215/03.02.2023 (the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation), 
which together with the Covered Bond Law, shall constitute the Greek Covered Bond Legislation.  
The provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation that are relevant to the Programme may be summarised 
as follows:
Structure of the issuer – bondholder agent
Contrary to the previously applicable framework on covered bonds (Art. 152 law 4261/2014), which permitted 
the issuance of covered bonds in two ways, either directly by a credit institution, or indirectly by a subsidiary 
of a credit institution, the Covered Bond Law only allows the direct issuance of covered bonds by credit 
institutions. The segregation of the cover pool is achieved through a statutory pledge over the cover pool assets.
Τhe bondholder agent may be a credit institution or an affiliated company of a credit institution entitled to 
provide services in the European Economic Area, in accordance with the provisions of Articles 64-67 of the 
Greek Company Law (Art. 5). The covered bond programme may also provide that more than one bondholder 
agents are appointed (separate bondholder agent per series of covered bonds or per issuance under the covered 
bond programme). Unless otherwise set out in the terms and conditions of the bonds the bondholder agent is 
liable towards bondholders for wilful misconduct and gross negligence (Art. 14(3)).

--- Page 155 ---
155
Prerequisites for the issuance of covered bonds
According to the Covered Bond Law (Art. 20), covered bonds may be issued by credit institutions that meet 
the following requirements:

an adequate programme of operations setting out the issue of covered bonds; adequate and documented 
policies, processes and methodologies for the approval, amendment, renewal and refinancing of loans 
included in the cover pool;

management and staff dedicated to the covered bond programme which have adequate qualifications 
and knowledge regarding the issue of covered bonds and the administration of the covered bond 
programme;

sufficient organization and IT infrastructure for the management and monitoring of the cover pool 
assets, so as to meet the requirements of the Covered Bond Law and any secondary legislation issued 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Law;

a risk mitigation policy and appropriate mechanisms to monitor and manage risks arising from the 
issuance of covered bonds; and

a detailed description of the competence of the service units and the committees involved in the 
issuance of covered bonds.
The prior approval of the Bank of Greece is required for the issuance of a covered bond programme.
Cover Pool – composition of assets and valuation
The type of assets that may form part of the cover pool is regulated by Article 8 of the Covered Bond Law 
(transposing Article 6 of the Covered Bond Directive), as supplemented by the Secondary Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation. Specifically, the Covered Bond Law provides for two categories of cover pool assets, i.e. 
(i) assets that are eligible pursuant to Article 129(1) of the CRR and (ii) other high-quality cover assets that 
meet the conditions of the Covered Bond Law and in addition belong to categories of assets that are specified 
as eligible in a decision of the Bank of Greece.  The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation has not set conditions 
for other high-quality cover assets and consequently it is currently only permitted that the cover pool assets 
are assets that are eligible pursuant to Article 129(1) of the CRR. It is worth noting that Article 8 of the Covered 
Bond Law has not transposed subparagraph (c) of Article 6(1) of the Covered Bond Directive and consequently 
cover assets do not include assets in the form of loans to or guaranteed by public undertakings. Further, the 
Bank of Greece may also limit the eligibility of certain cover assets under 129(1) of the CRR and designate 
the specific classes of cover assets that will be permitted to form part of the cover assets pool and be included 
in covered bond programme under the Covered Bond Law.  In this respect, the Secondary Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation provides loans secured by residential and commercial real estate assets are only included in 
the cover assets if the real estate is located in Greece. Furthermore, real estate assets under construction may 
not exceed 10 per cent. of the cover assets.
Cover assets considered eligible according to Article 129(1) of the CRR are primarily residential mortgage 
loans, loans secured by a mortgage on commercial properties, loans secured by a mortgage on ships and 
exposures to or guaranteed by state entities. The loans may be secured by mortgage prenotations instead of full 
mortgages (as is the practice for cost reasons in Greece). In addition, exposures to credit institutions may be 
included in the cover pool up to an aggregate limit of 15 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds. According to Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law, derivatives may also be included in the 
cover pool, subject to certain conditions, including the requirements that the derivative contracts are included 
in the cover pool exclusively for risk hedging purposes, they are sufficiently documented and can be segregated 
by the issuer in accordance with Article 12 of the Covered Bond Law and that the derivative contracts cannot 
be terminated upon the insolvency or reorganisation of the issuer.

--- Page 156 ---
156
Loans secured by residential mortgages are required to have a loan-to-value (LTV) ratio of 80 per cent., 
whereas loans secured by mortgages over commercial properties and ships are required to have an LTV ratio 
of 60 per cent.  Loans with a higher LTV ratio may be included in the cover pool, but they are taken into 
account for the calculation of the statutory tests and other requirements of Articles 17 and 18 of the Covered 
Bond Law and Chapter III of the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation described below only up to the 
amount indicated by the LTV ratio. The evaluation of properties must be performed by an independent valuer 
at or below the market value and must be repeated on an annual basis . The Secondary Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation provides that the value of real estate assets and ships securing cover assets must be monitored at 
least annually. 
The Bank of Greece has been authorised by the Covered Bond Law (Art. 8(4)(7)&(8)) to also set out specific 
rules for the valuation process of the cover pool assets and generally for the implementation of the Covered 
Bond Law, including in particular rules in relation to the risk diversification (especially in terms of granularity 
and material concentration) of the cover pool assets.  The Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides 
that derivative contracts are valued with the method of net present value.
Benefit of a prioritised claim by way of statutory pledge – segregation of cover assets
The cover assets are segregated from the remaining estate of the credit institution through a pledge constituted 
by operation of law (statutory pledge). In case of assets governed by a foreign law (which will typically include 
inter alia claims from derivative contracts), a security interest must be created in accordance with such foreign 
law. The statutory pledge and the foreign law security interest secure claims of the holders of covered bonds 
and may also secure (in accordance with the terms of the covered bonds) other claims connected with the 
issuance of the covered bonds, such as derivative contracts used for hedging purposes. The statutory pledge 
and any foreign law security interest are held by a bondholder agent for the account of the secured parties.
The claims constituting cover assets are identified by being listed in a document signed by the issuer and the 
bondholder agent. A summary of such document signed by the issuer and the bondholder agent must be 
registered in the pledge registry of the seat of the issuer in accordance with Article 3 of Greek law 2844/2000. 
The form of the Registration Statement has been defined by Ministerial Decree No. 95630/08-09-2008 
(published in the Government Gazette No 1858/B/12-09-2008) of the Minister of Justice. Such summary 
document includes within its content a description of the assets that constitute the cover pool. Claims may be 
substituted and additional ones may be added to the cover pool through the same procedure.
Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law creates an absolute priority of holders of covered bonds and other secured 
parties over the cover pool. Upon registration of the summary of the document listing the claims included in 
the cover pool, the issuance of the covered bonds, the establishment of the statutory pledge and the foreign law 
security interest and the entering into of all contracts connected with the issuance of the covered bonds are not 
affected by the commencement of any insolvency proceedings against the issuer.
It is worth noting that according to the Covered Bond Law the cover assets may not be attached. This has the 
indirect result that the Greek law claims constituting cover assets are no longer subject to set-off, because, 
according to Article 451 of the Civil Code, claims which are not subject to attachment are not subject to set-
off. This is important because under generally applicable law borrowers the loans to whom become cover 
assets would have had a right to set-off, which would reduce the value of the cover pool, for all counterclaims 
(including notably deposits) predating the creation of the pledge of the claims. Also, the issuer cannot dispose 
without the written consent of the bondholder agent any assets included in the cover pool, unless otherwise set 
out in the terms and conditions of the covered bonds.
No specific provisions exist in relation to voluntary over-collateralisation. As a result, the segregation applies 
to all assets of the cover pool, even if their value exceeds the minimum required by law. The remaining 
creditors of the credit institution will only have access to any remaining assets of the cover pool after the 
holders of the covered bonds and other creditors secured by the cover pool have been satisfied in full. On the 
other hand, in the event of bankruptcy of the issuer, covered bondholders and other creditors secured by the

--- Page 157 ---
157
statutory pledge shall be satisfied in respect of the portion of their claims that is not paid off from the cover 
pool in the same manner as unsecured creditors from the remaining assets of the issuer.
Bankruptcy remoteness of and impact of insolvency proceedings on covered bonds
According to Article 7 the Covered Bond Law, covered bonds do not automatically accelerate upon insolvency 
or rehabilitation of the issuer. 
Pursuant to Article 21 of the Covered Bond Law, in case of insolvency or rehabilitation of the issuer, a special 
administrator shall be appointed by the bondholder agent, subject to a positive opinion of the Bank of Greece, 
in order to monitor the process and ensure that the bondholders’ interests are not affected. The bondholder 
agent can be also appointed as special administrator. The Bank of Greece shall appoint the special 
administrator, if the bondholder agent does not do so. 
Article 21 of the Covered Bond Law also provides that the special administrator may sell and transfer the cover 
assets and use the net proceeds of such sale in order to discharge the obligations under the covered bonds and 
the other obligations which are secured by the legal pledge, according to the terms of the covered bond 
programme. The special administrator may also transfer the cover pool assets, together with the obligations 
under the covered bonds, to another credit institution that issues covered bonds. According to Article 6(1) of 
the Covered Bond Law, in case of insolvency or rehabilitation of the issuer, holders of covered bonds have 
dual recourse both to the cover pool as secured creditors and to the remaining assets of the credit institution 
ranking as unsecured and unsubordinated creditors.
Asset-liability management
Article 17 of the Covered Bond Law provides coverage requirements that must be met for the full duration of 
the covered bonds, including that all liabilities of the Covered Bonds shall be covered by claims for payment 
attached to the cover assets. More particularly, the Covered Bond Law provides that the nominal value of the 
cover assets must exceed, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, by at least 5 per cent. the 
nominal value of the outstanding covered bonds.
The Covered Bond Law authorizes the Bank of Greece to issue decisions specifying the coverage requirements 
(and potentially rendering them stricter, only in case of cover pool assets that consist of high-quality cover 
assets of Article 8(1)(ab).  The Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation (Chapter III, Section G) introduces 
two additional coverage requirements:
(a)
The net present value of the liabilities deriving from the Covered Bonds and the other liabilities 
secured through the cover assets must not exceed for the duration of the issuance the net present value 
of the cover assets including derivatives contracts used to hedge risks of such assets. This requirement 
must be satisfied even in the hypothesis of a parallel movement of the yield curve by 200 basis points.
(b)
The amount corresponding to the payments of interest to the Covered Bondholders must not exceed 
the amount of interest that is expected to be collected during a period of twelve (12) months from the 
cover assets.
Liquidity Buffer Reserve
Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law provides that the cover pool shall include at all times a liquidity buffer 
composed of liquid assets available to cover the net liquidity outflow of the covered bond programme. Such 
cover pool liquidity buffer shall cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow over the next one 
hundred eighty (180) days.

--- Page 158 ---
158
Transparency
Currently, the issuer’s reporting obligations and the disclosure of the cover pool as conducted via the summary 
registered with the competent pledge registry for the establishment of a statutory pledge are the basic 
transparency tools provided under applicable covered bonds legislation. The label 'European Covered Bond' 
may be used only for covered bonds which meet the requirements of the Covered Bond Law. Furthermore, the 
label 'European Covered Bond (Premium)' may be used only for covered bonds which also meet the 
requirements of Article 129 of the CRR.
Asset monitor
The compliance of cover pool assets with the requirements of the Covered Bond Law and of the Secondary 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation is monitored by an asset monitor that is an auditor independent from the 
issuer of the covered bonds and from the issuer’s auditor (Art. 15). In case the asset monitor finds that the 
cover pool assets do not comply with the requirements of the Covered Bond Law and of the secondary 
legislation to be issued by the Bank of Greece, it shall immediately notify that issuer who must take action to 
remedy the default without delay. The Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation (Chapter III, Section I) 
provides that the asset monitor shall monitor:
(a)
the observance of the limits of the cover assets and the coverage requirements for the duration of the 
issuance of Covered Bonds;
(b)
the accuracy and completeness of the coverage requirements of Article 17 of the Covered Bond Law 
and of Section H of Chapter III of the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation;
(c)
the accuracy of the cover assets and the observance of the provisions regarding valuation of such cover 
assets; and
(d)
the observance of maximum percentages, as determined at the issuance of the Covered Bonds, 
regarding the composition of the cover assets.
The Asset Monitor shall compose an annual report regarding, inter alia, the control procedures undertaken, the 
findings regarding the calculation of cover assets, an analysis of the cover assets verifying the observance of 
the coverage ratios, the re-valuation of real estate assets securing loans that are part of the cover assets and 
other information detailed in the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation. This report is submitted to the 
Bank of Greece by 31 March of each year.
Reporting duties of the issuer to the supervisor concerning covered bonds and cover pool
Credit institutions that issue covered bonds shall provide reports to the Bank of Greece containing information 
on the eligibility of assets and cover pool requirements, the segregation of cover assets, the functioning of the 
asset monitor, the coverage requirements, the cover pool liquidity buffer and the conditions for extendable 
maturity structures (Art. 22).
Risk-weighting & compliance with European legislation
The risk-weighting of covered bonds (both Greek and foreign) is regulated by Article 129 of the CRR. 
According to this, as currently in force, bonds falling within the provisions of Article 52(4) of the UCITS 
Directive, as amended and in force, are eligible for preferential treatment, provided that the cover pool consists 
of the assets enumerated in paragraph 1 of Article 129 of the CRR and the provisions of paragraph 7 of the 
same article regarding the information provided to holders of covered bonds are met. 
Greek covered bonds issued under the Covered Bond Law comply with both the UCITS Directive, as amended 
and in force, and the CRR and, therefore, have the reduced risk-weighting mentioned above in Greece.

--- Page 159 ---
159
After 28 June 2023, according to article 129 of the CRR covered bonds as defined in point (1) of Article 3 of 
the Covered Bond Directive shall be eligible for the preferential treatment, provided they are collateralised by 
assets deemed eligible pursuant to that article and meet certain requirements set out in that Article. Since, the 
Covered Bond Law faithfully transposes the Covered Bond Directive, covered bonds issued pursuant to it shall 
have the preferential treatment of article 129 CRR, provided they also meet the remaining conditions set by 
that article. 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation
The Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation was issued by the Bank of Greece on the basis of 
authorisations given by the Covered Bond Law, and adopted detailed and specific implementation rules of the 
Covered Bond Law, including rules, among others, in connection with the supervisory recognition of covered 
bonds; the requirements as to the issuer's risk management and internal control systems; the eligibility criteria 
as to the initial cover pool and the substitution and replacement of cover pool assets; the requirements in respect 
of the ratio between the value of the cover pool assets and the value of covered bonds, the ratio between the 
net present value of liabilities under the covered bonds and the net present value of the cover assets, the ratio 
between interest payments on covered bonds and interest payments on cover pool assets and the revaluation 
of the value of the real estate property mortgaged; the requirements for the performance of reviews and audits 
by the asset monitor; specific provisions regarding measures to be taken in the event of insolvency or 
rehabilitation procedures in respect of the issuer; specific procedures for the submission of documents to obtain 
approval by the Bank of Greece in respect of the issuance of covered bonds; data reporting and disclosure 
requirements.

--- Page 160 ---
160
THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP
The Group
The Group is one of the leading banking and financial services groups in Greece, offering a wide range of 
services including retail banking, corporate banking, asset management and private banking, insurance 
distribution, investment banking and brokerage, treasury and real estate management. The Group is active in 
Greece, its principal market, and in markets in South Eastern Europe (Cyprus and Romania). The Group also 
maintains a presence in the United Kingdom (through its wholly-owned subsidiary Alpha Bank London 
Limited, although its United Kingdom branch office was moved to Luxembourg in line with the ECB/SSM 
Guidelines on the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU), Bulgaria, Jersey and Luxembourg. Following 
the Hive Down (as described below), the Issuer is the operating company of the Group and its principal bank.  
The Group forms part of the wider Holdings Group.  The Holdings Group consists of the Group and 
additionally Alpha Holdings, Alpha Group Jersey, Alphalife, Alpha Insurance Agents, REOCO Orion X, 
REOCO Galaxy II and REOCO Galaxy IV, all as more particularly described below.  
A structure chart explaining the organisational structure of the Holdings Group and the Group is set out below:
The Group has a strong market share in each of its four domestic lines of business (retail banking, corporate 
banking, asset management and insurance, and investment banking and treasury). Its client base comprises 
retail clients, small and medium-sized enterprises, self-employed professionals, large corporations, high net 
worth individuals, private and institutional investors and the Greek government. 
The Group, through a national and international branch and ATM network, in combination with advanced 
online and telephone channels, offers banking and financial services to its individual and corporate customers. 
These features extend the Group's presence in the domestic Greek market, as well as in the international 
markets in which it operates. 
Alphalife
100%
Alpha Insurance 
A
t
REOCO Orion 
II
REOCO Orion 
IV
REOCO 
C
EMPORIKI MANAGEMENT A.E.
KAFEALPHA 
Alpha Real Estate Management & 
Alpha Supporting Services 
Alpha Leasing Romania IFN S.A. 
APE Fixed Assets 
CEPAL HOLDINGS S.A . 
Alpha Asset 
Management
Alpha Finance
100%
Alpha Leasing
100%
ABC Factors
100%
Several Real 
Estate SPVs
Several 
Holding SPVs
ALPHA ASTIKA 
AKINITA
ALPHA GROUP 
REAL ESTATE
Alpha Ventures
ALPHA SERVICES & HOLDINGS S.A. 
REOCO Orion 
X
ALPHA BANK London
ALPHA BANK 
Cyprus 
ALPHA BANK 
ROMANIA
Sky CAC 
100%
Alpha Credit 
Acquisition Company 
Notes/Clarifications:
(1) The stated percentages correspond to Alpha Bank Group's aggregate participation
(2) Dormant subsidiaries and entities under liquidation are not included in the organizational structure
(3) Regarding Alpha Bank SA, its detailed shareholder structure is as follows: Alpha Services & Holdings S.A. 99,99999998% & Alphalife 
0100000002%
Alpha Bank Group’s Organizational Structure

--- Page 161 ---
161
Management considers other competitive strengths of the Group as being its large customer base, its highly 
motivated and trained personnel, its advanced IT systems and its reorganised and modernised branch network, 
which has extended its ability in product innovation and in offering a wide range of services and opportunities 
for cross-selling products of the Group through its traditional and alternative distribution channels.
As of 30 September 2022, the Group's total assets increased by €4.1 billion, or 6 per cent. compared to 31 
December 2021 amounting to €76.6 billion (from €72.5 billion as at 31 December 2021).  The Group's due to 
banks amounted to €14.4 billion, an increase of €0.4 billion compared to 31 December 2021.  The Group's due 
to customers amounted to €50.1 billion at 30 September 2022, an increase of €3.1 billion or 7 per cent. 
compared to 31 December 2021.
The balance of cash and balances to central banks as of 30 September 2022 amounted to €12.2 billion, an 
increase of €0.4 billion, compared to 31 December 2021. 
The Group has committed to specific objectives for the period 2021-2024 through the announcement of the 
Updated Strategic Plan.  The main objectives for 2022, that will allow to remain aligned with the priorities set 
through the updated Strategic Plan (Project Tomorrow) for the period up to 2024, are to:

support business growth in Greece with net new loan originations of more than €2.0 billion, 

direct excess liquidity towards AuMs and new loans,

achieve double digit growth in net commission income mainly driven by loan growth (also supported 
by the RRF), higher AuMs and commercial activity pickup, 

continue with the NPE reduction program executing the remaining inorganic transactions of more than 
€1.0 billion and organic deleveraging through targeted management actions and 

conclude the remaining planned capital transactions.
The inflationary pressures (in conjunction with the increase in energy costs) that persisted at the end of 2021, 
have been amplified by the invasion of Russia in Ukraine, thus creating uncertainty in relation to the economic 
activity of both the domestic and global economy.  For this reason the Group assesses on a continuous basis 
its policy mix to ensure the achievement of the profitability and return on equity targets set by 2024.
On 23 July 2021, the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer resolved the increase of its share capital in 
the amount of €1,000,000,000 with cash payment and the issuance of 1,000,000,000 new common, registered, 
voting shares with a nominal value of €0.10 each and offer price at €1.00 per new share.  The difference 
between the nominal value of the new shares and their offer price amounting to €900,000,000 was credited to 
the special account "Share premium".
On 25 October 2021, the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer resolved the decrease by way of 
distribution in kind by the amount of €10,825,250 through cancellation of 108,252,500 common, nominal 
shares with voting rights, of a nominal value of €0.10 each and the distribution in kind to the sole shareholder 
of 2,042.5 mezzanine and 14,285.15 junior securitisation notes owned by the Issuer and issued on 8 October 
2021 by 'COSMOS SECURITISATION DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY', based in Ireland (1-2 
Victoria Buildings Haddington Road Dublin, Dublin 4, D04 XN32, Ireland), with company registration 
number 700585 of a total value equal to the amount of the reduction of the Issuer's share capital. 
On 23 December 2021, the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer approved the increase of the share 
capital of the Issuer in the amount of €160,000, with cash and the issuance of 160,000,000 new common 
nominal voting shares, with a nominal value of €0.10 each and a sale price of €1.00 per share.  As a result the 
share capital of the Issuer as of 31 December 2021 amounted to €5.2 billion divided into 51,889,992,461 
common, nominal shares with voting rights of a nominal value of €0.10 each.

--- Page 162 ---
162
On 10 November 2022, the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer approved the increase of the share 
capital of the Issuer in the amount of €90,000,000 with cash and the issuance of 90,000,000 new common 
nominal voting shares, with a nominal value of €0.10 each and a sale price of €1.00 per share.  As a result the 
share capital of the Issuer the share capital was increased by €9,000,000 and the difference between the nominal 
value of the new shares and their offer price amounting to €81,000,000 was credited to the special account 
"Share premium".
On 7 December 2022, the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer approved the decrease of the share 
capital of the Issuer by the amount of €519,799,924.61, through the decrease of the nominal value per share 
by €0.01 from €0.10 to €0.09, and the formation of a Special Reserve of an equal amount.  As a result of the 
above the share capital of Issuer as of 31 December 2022 amounted to €4.7 billion divided into 51,979,992,461 
common, nominal shares with voting rights of a nominal value of €0.09 each.
Hive Down
On 16 April 2021, the demerger of the credit institution under the name "Alpha Bank S.A." (under G.E.MI. 
number 223701000 and Tax Identification Number 094014249, which has been renamed "Alpha Services and 
Holdings S.A.") was approved pursuant to the Decision of the Ministry of Development and Investments under 
prot. no 45089/16.4.2021 by way of hive-down of the banking business sector with the incorporation of a new 
company - credit institution under the name "ALPHA BANK S.A." (under G.E.MI. number 159029160000 
and Tax Identification Number 996807331), in accordance with the provisions of article 16 of Greek Law  
2515/1997, as well as articles 54 par. 3, 57 par. 3, 59-74 and 140 par. 3 of Greek Law 4601/2019 and article 
145 of Greek Law 4261/2014, as in force.  The approval of the Hive Down was registered with the General 
Commercial Registry (G.E.MI.) on 16 April 2021 under the registration code number 2528634. As a 
consequence of the Hive Down, the Issuer substituted Alpha Holdings by operation of Greek law, as universal 
successor, in all the assets and liabilities, rights and obligations and in general legal relationships of the banking 
business sector of Alpha Holdings. Moreover, the Issuer continues its operation through the existing 
organisational structure, network of branch offices and premises.
Alpha Holdings, which ceased, on 19 April 2021, to operate as a credit institution but holds a licence from the 
ECB as a financial holding company, maintains the assets and activities not related to the banking business 
sector. Its shares remain listed on the Main Market of ATHEX.  Alpha Holdings maintains direct and indirect 
participation in all companies that are included in the consolidated financial statements of Alpha Holdings, 
while it retains the insurance intermediary activity ("bancassurance") and the provision of accounting and tax 
services to affiliates and third parties. Furthermore, Alpha Holdings may proceed with the issuance of 
instruments (such as the notes) in order to raise regulatory capital.
Alpha Holdings is the parent of the Issuer and owns all of its shares.
Financial crisis in the Hellenic Republic
Greece experienced an unprecedented financial crisis from 2008 to 2016.  During this period, the Hellenic 
Republic faced significant pressure on its public finances and committed to certain Stabilisation Programmes, 
agreed initially with the IMF, the EU and the ECB (together, the Institutions) and in 2015 with the Institutions 
and the ESM.
Under the first two Stabilisation Programmes the Hellenic Republic received €141.8 billion in loans from the 
European Financial Stability Fund (the EFSF) between 2012 and 2015.  Further, from 2010 to 2012 the 
Hellenic Republic received €59 billion in bilateral loans under the so-called Greek Loan Facility from EU 
Member States (Source: ESM Press Release 20 August 2018).  
The first two Stabilisation Programmes, however, failed to stabilise the Greek economy, notwithstanding the 
reforms and measures implemented thereunder, although during 2014 the economic indicators had shown signs 
of improvement.

--- Page 163 ---
163
However, in 2015 uncertainty over the Greek economy and the implementation of the second Stabilisation 
Programme, resulting from the prolonged negotiations between the new government and the Institutions, 
reappeared.  Late in June 2015, a bank holiday was declared in the Greek banking sector for three weeks and 
capital movement restrictions were imposed because of further deterioration of the financial situation in Greece 
and liquidity shortfall in the Greek banking system. These were caused by the expiration of the second 
Stabilisation Programme, a payment default by the Greek government under its IMF facility and the failure of 
the Greek government to reach an agreement with the IMF and the rest of the Eurozone members for a third 
Stabilisation Programme.
In August 2015 and following prolonged negotiations, the Greek government managed to reach an agreement 
with the EU and the ECB, with input from the IMF, for a Stabilisation Programme of approximately €86 billion 
granted by the ESM (the ESM Programme).  
The impact of the implementation of the ESM Programme on the Greek economy contributed to the decrease 
of uncertainty and the stabilisation of private sector deposit withdrawals, resulting also in the gradual relaxation 
of the capital movement restrictions.  Thus, after eight years of recession, the economic and business 
environment in Greece began to improve in 2017.  Additionally, GDP increased further in 2017, despite the 
tighter-than-initially-expected fiscal conditions.  Finally, on 28 August 2019 the capital movement restrictions 
were repealed by virtue of art. 86 of Greek Law 4624/2019. 
Moreover, on 23 January 2017, the respective boards of directors of the ESM and the EFSF formally adopted 
rules on short-term debt relief measures for Greece.  These measures aimed to reduce interest rate risk for 
Greece, including by changing some debt rates from floating to fixed, and to make the burden of debt 
repayment easier.  As part of these measures the ESM and the EFSF, in collaboration with the Hellenic 
Republic, launched an exchange programme for the four systemic Greek banks, under which the €42.7 billion 
EFSF notes that had been previously applied through the HFSF for the recapitalisation and resolution of Greek 
credit institutions were exchanged for long term newly issued ESM notes and ultimately cash in 2017.  During 
the period of 2017 and under this agreement, Alpha Holdings (then operating as a credit institution under the 
company name Alpha Bank S.A.) exchanged floating rate bonds of nominal value €2,522 million issued by 
EFSF, with equal in nominal value bonds, of fixed coupon, issued by the EFSF, with a maturity of 30 years. 
Of those, the EFSF repurchased bonds at a nominal value of €2,349 million whilst a remaining bond with a 
nominal value of €173 million was classified as available for sale which was repurchased by EFSF in January 
2018. As at 31 December 2018 the book value of such bonds stood at €0.
In August of 2018, the Hellenic Republic concluded the ESM Programme with a successful exit.  This followed 
the disbursement of €61.9 billion by the ESM over three years in the context of the ESM Programme in support 
of macroeconomic adjustment and bank recapitalisation in 2015.  The remaining €24.1 billion available under 
the maximum €86 billion programme volume was not needed (Source: ESM Press release 20 August 2018).  
No fourth Stabilisation Programme was requested by the Hellenic Republic.  Nevertheless, as part of the post-
Stabilisation Programme period, the Hellenic Republic made specific policy commitments to complete key 
structural reforms initiated under the ESM Programme, against agreed deadlines and made a general 
commitment to continue the implementation of all key reforms adopted under the ESM Programme.  These 
include commitments to achieve demanding fiscal targets such as a primary budget surplus of 3.5 per cent. of 
GDP in 2018-2022 and 2.2 per cent. of GDP, on average, in the longer term. 
These commitments were made against the Eurogroup's agreement to implement certain medium- and long-
term debt relief measures (which were in addition to the aforesaid short-term measures), namely: 

the abolition of the step-up interest rate margin related to the debt buy-back tranche of the second 
Stabilisation Programme as of 2018;

the use of 2014 Securities Market Programme (SMP) profits from the ESM segregated account and 
the restoration of the transfer of the Agreement on Net Financial Assets (ANFA) and SMP income 
equivalent amounts to the Hellenic Republic; and

--- Page 164 ---
164

a further deferral of EFSF interest and amortisation by 10 years and an extension of the maximum 
weighted average maturity by 10 years, respecting the programme authorised amount (Eurogroup 
statement on Greece of 22 June 2018).  
The implementation of these measures was approved by the EFSF Board of Directors on 22 November 2018.
Further the Board of the EFSF:

at its meeting of 9 January 2020 decided to reduce to zero the step-up margin due from the Hellenic 
Republic for the period between 17 June 2019 and 31 December 2019; and

at its meeting of 7 July 2020 decided to reduce to zero the step-up margin accrued by the Hellenic 
Republic for the period between 1 January 2020 and 17 June 2020.
On 11 July 2018 the European Commission activated the enhanced surveillance procedure for monitoring the 
implementation of the aforesaid commitments by the Hellenic Republic. Fourteen enhanced surveillance 
reports have since been published by the European Commission on the Hellenic Republic, with the final one 
being published on 23 May 2022, as Greece exited the enhanced surveillance framework on 20 August 2022. 
On 5 December 2022, the Eurogroup announced that it had approved the release of the eighth and final tranche 
of policy-contingent debt measures for Greece valued at €725 million as well as the abolition of the step-up 
interest rate margin (2 per cent.) from 2023. 
With respect to liquidity, by the end of the ESM Programme, the Hellenic Republic had created a sizeable cash 
buffer, while increasing its liquidity through the issuance of government bonds. The Hellenic Republic entered 
the COVID-19 pandemic in a relatively favourable fiscal position, with a strong primary surplus, and low 
medium-term refinancing needs on its public debt. The Hellenic Republic in 2019 reached its agreed primary 
surplus target of 3.5 per cent. (Source: European Commission sixth Enhanced Surveillance Report, May 2020) 
and issued €2.0 billion 7-year, €3.0 billion 10-year, €2.5 billion 10-year (reopening), €2.5 billion 15-year and 
€2.5 billion 15-year (reopening) Greek government bonds (GGB) (at yields of 2.013 per cent., 1.568 per cent., 
1.187 per cent., 1.911 per cent. and 1.152 per cent., respectively) in 2020, a total of €12.0 billion. In 2021, 
GGB issuance amounted to €14 billion (€3 billion 5-year at 0.172 per cent., €3.5 billion 10-year at 0.807 per 
cent., €2.5 billion 10-year at 0.888 per cent. (reopening), €2.5 billion 30-year at 1.956 per cent., €1.5 billion 5-
year at 0.020 per cent. (reopening) and €1 billion 30-year at 1.675 per cent. (reopening)). From the beginning 
of 2022 to 30 September 2022, a total of €8.3 billion was raised, through GGB issuances, including €5.5 billion 
through syndicated transactions (10-year new issue, five-year tap, five-year floating-rate note new issue) and 
€2.8 billion through auctions (five-year floating-rate note, 10-year, 11-year, 15-year and 20-year taps). The 
Hellenic Republic's cash buffer is an important asset in view of the impact on revenues and extraordinary 
spending needed to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic. Including the cash reserves of general government entities 
already on the treasury single account, the Hellenic Republic's reserves are currently sufficient to cover, if 
necessary, sovereign gross financing needs for more than three years (Source: Hellenic Republic Funding 
Strategy for 2023, PDMA), even without additional issuance of GGBs. The Hellenic Republic has secured 
fiscal flexibility similar to that applied to all Eurozone Member States in order to deal with the consequences 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and was not bound to the 3.5 per cent. primary surplus target for 2020 or 2021. 
According to the fiscal policy guidance of the European Commision for 2023 (issued in March 2022), and 
based on the 2022 Winter Economic Forecast, "transitioning from an aggregate supportive fiscal stance in 
2020-2022 to a broadly neutral aggregate fiscal stance appears appropriate in 2023, while standing ready to 
react to the evolving economic situation". 
Reflecting many of the developments described above:

On 24 January 2020, Fitch upgraded the Hellenic Republic's sovereign rating from BB- to BB with a 
positive outlook, and on 23 April 2020 changed the outlook to stable in order to reflect the impact of 
the COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity. On 22 January 2021, Fitch affirmed the Hellenic 
Republic's BB rating with a stable outlook. On 14 January 2022, Fitch revised the outlook to positive.

--- Page 165 ---
165
On 27 January 2022, Fitch upgraded the Hellenic Republic's sovereign rating from BB to BB+ with a 
stable outlook.

On 6 November 2020, Moody's upgraded the Hellenic Republic's sovereign rating from B1 to Ba3 
with a stable outlook.

On 24 April 2020, S&P retained the Hellenic Republic's sovereign rating at BB-, while it changed the 
outlook to stable due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 23 April 2021, S&P upgraded the Hellenic 
Republic's sovereign rating to BB with positive outlook. On 22 April 2022, S&P proceeded to upgrade 
the Hellenic Republic's sovereign rating to BB+ with stable outlook.
The Hellenic Republic's sovereign ratings have been improving steadily, although they are still below 
investment grade. Nevertheless, recent ratings upgrades, the successful graduation from the third economic 
adjustment programme, the successful conclusion of fourteen consecutive Enhance Post Programme 
Surveillance (EPPS) reviews, fiscal developments, the ECB's Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme 
(PEPP) and the pro-reform government formed after the 7 July 2019 general elections have all contributed to 
an improvement in the yield spread of 10-year GGBs relative to the equivalent German government bonds of 
approximately 190 basis points between the end of August 2018 and 30 September 2022.
The Acquisition of Emporiki
On 1 February 2013 Alpha Holdings completed the acquisition of Emporiki from Crédit Agricole. As of the 
date of acquisition Emporiki was consolidated in the financial statements of the Group. On 28 June 2013, 
Emporiki was merged into Alpha Holdings. 
As a result of the acquisition of Emporiki, in 2013 Alpha Holdings recognised negative goodwill of €3,283 
million resulting from the difference between the fair value of the net assets acquired and the purchase price. 
The negative goodwill recognised is not subject to income tax. Emporiki offered a large variety of banking 
products and services to individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and large companies and 
enjoyed a strong market presence in Greece and Cyprus through an extensive network of branches in both 
countries. The transaction represented a major step in the restructuring of the Greek banking sector and 
strengthened the position of Alpha Holdings within the market, creating one of the largest financial groups in 
Greece and adding total assets of €19.1 billion to the Group's balance sheet as of 1 February 2013. 
In addition, at the completion of the transaction, Crédit Agricole also subscribed for €150 million convertible 
bonds issued by Alpha Holdings. In February 2017, Crédit Agricole exercised its conversion option under the 
convertible bonds, which resulted in the allocation of 6,818,181 new ordinary shares in Alpha Holdings to 
Crédit Agricole. The transaction resulted in a net recapitalisation of the combined entity by an aggregate 
amount of approximately €2.9 billion and contributed towards Alpha Holdings' own recapitalisation plan. 
2013 Capital Increase
On 16 April 2013, the second iterative meeting of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Alpha Holdings' 
shareholders convened and approved Alpha Holdings' €4,571 million Capital Strengthening Plan (announced 
on 2 April 2013) and granted the power to the Board of Directors to implement, assessing the financial 
conditions, the General Meeting's resolutions (the Capital Strengthening Plan). On 3 June 2013, Alpha 
Holdings announced the successful completion of its €457.1 million rights issue (the Rights Issue), and the 
allotment of all of the shares offered in the €92.9 million private placement to institutional and other qualified 
private investors. As a consequence, Alpha Holdings was the first among the Greek banks to raise more than 
10 per cent. of its total recapitalisation amount and thus to meet successfully the required private sector 
contribution test set by Greek Law 3864/2010. The remaining part of the €4,571 million Capital Strengthening 
Plan was covered by the HFSF through direct subscription to shares. The Rights Issue was fully underwritten 
by a syndicate of international investment banks.

--- Page 166 ---
166
For each new share subscribed for in the capital increase by private sector investors, the HFSF issued on 10 
June 2013 separately traded warrants which allow their holders to purchase shares subscribed by the HFSF at 
selected intervals over the four and a half years that follow the share capital increase, at the subscription price 
of €0.44 per share, increased by an annual margin.
2014 Capital Increase
On 28 March 2014 the Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of Alpha Holdings approved the 
raising of capital by Alpha Holdings, up to the amount of €1.2 billion through a private placement with 
qualified investors, with the issuance of 1,846,153,846 new, ordinary, registered shares offered at €0.65 each. 
The offering, which was fully underwritten by a syndicate of international banks, was priced on 25 March 
2014, while the new shares commenced trading on ATHEX on 4 April 2014.
The proceeds from the capital increase were used to strengthen Alpha Holdings' capital base with high-quality 
common equity capital and allow for the redemption of Greek state preference shares in issuance of €940 
million, whereas the remaining amount of the capital raised was directed to cover the €262 million capital 
needs assessed in the 2014 stress test (as described under "ECB's Comprehensive Assessment" below). The 
Greek state preference shares of €940 million were subsequently redeemed on 17 April 2014.
Acquisition of Citibank's Greek retail operations
On 13 June 2014, Alpha Holdings announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Citibank for 
the acquisition of Citibank's Greek retail banking business, including Diners Club of Greece. Under the 
agreement, the acquired operations comprised Citibank's wealth management unit with customers' assets under 
management of approximately €2.0 billion, out of which deposits amounted to approximately €0.9 billion and 
net loans, mainly credit card balances, amounted to €0.4 billion, as well as a retail branch network of 20 units 
serving around 480,000 clients. The acquisition was completed on 30 September 2014. As a result of the 
acquisition, the personnel working in the retail banking network of Citibank joined Alpha Holdings. 
In June 2015 Diners Club Greece was merged into Alpha Holdings by way of absorption and, in September 
2015, the migration of Citibank's retail banking operations and Diners Club Greece operations into Alpha 
Holdings' operating systems was completed.
ECB's Comprehensive Assessment
On 26 October 2014 the ECB and the EBA announced the outcome of their Comprehensive Assessment (the 
ECB Comprehensive Assessment). The assumptions and methodological approach of the ECB 
Comprehensive Assessment were established to assess banks' capital adequacy against an 8 per cent. and a 5.5 
per cent. CET1 capital benchmark under the baseline and adverse scenarios respectively. The stress test period 
covered a three-year time horizon (2014-2016). In the static scenario, the stress test was carried out using a 
static balance sheet assumption as at 31 December 2013 and did not take into account any business actions 
implemented after 31 December 2013, which would have impacted the capital position and/or the financial 
standing of Alpha Holdings.
Alpha Holdings completed the ECB Comprehensive Assessment successfully and was the only Greek systemic 
bank that registered no capital shortfall for the baseline and adverse scenarios under both the static and the 
dynamic assumptions, producing excess capital, without taking into account developments with direct capital 
impact realised post December 2013. 
Alpha Holdings exceeded the hurdle rates of 5.5 per cent. and 8 per cent. for the adverse and baseline scenarios 
for both static and dynamic assumptions with a (safe) margin ranging between €1.3 billion and €3.2 billion. 
More specifically, Alpha Holdings concluded the adverse scenarios with a CET1 ratio of 8.07 per cent. and a 
capital surplus of €1.3 billion in the static assumption and a CET1 ratio of 8.45 per cent. with a capital surplus 
of €1.8 billion under the dynamic assumption.

--- Page 167 ---
167
The quality and level of Alpha Holdings' capital were further strengthened due to the capital issuance of €1,200 
million, which took place in the first quarter of 2014, and the repayment of Greek state preference shares of 
€940 million (as described in "2014 Capital Increase" above). This net capital impact, amounting to €260 
million, which was not included in the "join-up" result due to the methodology applied, led to a CET1 capital 
ratio of 8.6 per cent. (representing a surplus of 3.1 per cent.) in the static adverse scenario.
Asset Quality Review (AQR)
During the third quarter of 2015 the negotiations of the Hellenic Republic for the coverage of the financing 
needs of the Greek economy were completed on the basis of the announcements at the Euro Summit on 12 
July 2015, resulting in an agreement for new financial support by the ESM. The agreement with the ESM that 
was signed on 19 August 2015 provided for the assessment of the four Greek systemic credit institutions 
(including Alpha Holdings) by the SSM in order to determine the impact from the deterioration of the Greek 
economy on their financial positions as well as any capital needs (the 2015 Comprehensive Assessment). 
The 2015 Comprehensive Assessment comprised the AQR and a forward-looking stress test, including a 
baseline and an adverse scenario, in order to assess the specific recapitalisation needs of the individual banks 
under the third economic adjustment programme for Greece. 
On 31 October 2015 the ECB announced that the 2015 Comprehensive Assessment revealed a total capital 
shortfall of €262.6 million and €2,743 million for Alpha Holdings under the baseline and the adverse scenarios 
respectively, including an AQR adjustment (€1.7 billion), after comparing the projected solvency ratios against 
the thresholds defined for the exercise. On 13 November 2015 in connection with its approval of Alpha 
Holdings' capital raising plans, the ECB recognised internal capital measures of €180 million, thus reducing 
the remaining adverse scenario capital shortfall that had to be addressed by Alpha Holdings to €2,563 million. 
2015 Capital Increase
By virtue of the resolution of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of Alpha Holdings that 
took place on 14 November 2015 the following items (among other things) were resolved: (i) the increase of 
the nominal value of each share by way of a reverse split from €0.30 to €15.00 along with a decrease of the 
total number of the existing shares (including the capitalisation of an amount of €42.60 in order to create an 
integral number of shares) from 12,769,059,858 to 255,381,200 ordinary, dematerialised, registered shares, 
with voting rights (each an Ordinary Share), by a ratio of one new share to 50 old shares and the subsequent 
decrease of the nominal value of each Ordinary Share from €15.00 to €0.30 and credit of the amount arising 
from the decrease to the special reserve in accordance with article 4 par. 4a of Greek Law 2190/1920; and 
(ii) the share capital increase by payment in cash (including the equivalent to cash capitalisation of money 
claims), along with the abolition of pre-emption rights of the shareholders of Alpha Holdings, by the issuance 
of new, ordinary, registered, dematerialised shares, with voting rights to be specified by the Board of Directors 
of Alpha Holdings.
Alpha Holdings' Board of Directors at its meeting on 19 November 2015 specified the above resolution of the 
General Meeting regarding the share capital increase by the issuance of 1,281,500,000 new ordinary, 
registered, dematerialised shares of Alpha Holdings, of a nominal value of €0.30 per share at a €2.00 price per 
share (post reverse split) through: (i) payment in cash of an amount of €1,552,169,172.00 via a private 
placement through a book-building process, which commenced and was completed outside Greece, pursuant 
to the exception of article 3 par. 2 indent (α), to qualified investors, in accordance with article 2 par. 1 indent 
(στ) of Greek Law 3401/2005 and pursuant to article 3 par. 2 indent (γ) of Greek Law 3401/2005; and (ii) 
capitalisation of monetary claims of an amount of €1,010,830,828.00, in the context of the voluntary exchange 
of outstanding securities by their holders that participated in a liability management exercise.  The proceeds 
from the capital increase were intended to strengthen Alpha Holdings' capital adequacy ratios.
Alpha Holdings was the first systemic bank in the Greek banking system in 2015 to be recapitalised by private 
funds, with its private placement having been subscribed by 1.72 times with no further HFSF participation, as 
the latter held approximately 11 per cent. in the share capital of Alpha Holdings with restricted voting rights.

--- Page 168 ---
168
Disposal of subsidiaries / branches 
On 12 December 2014, Alpha Holdings announced the agreement to sell all of the shares held in its insurance 
subsidiary in Cyprus, Alpha Insurance Limited, in a transaction valued at €14.5 million. The transaction was 
completed on 16 January 2015.
On 23 January 2015, Alpha Holdings announced the sale of the entire share capital of Cardlink S.A., formerly 
held by Alpha Holdings and Eurobank Ergasias S.A. at 50 per cent. each, for a total transaction consideration 
of €15 million. Cardlink S.A. operates in the area of network service provision of point of sale terminals for 
electronic transactions with payment cards.
On 6 November 2015, Alpha Holdings concluded a definitive agreement regarding the acquisition of Alpha 
Holdings' branch in Bulgaria by Eurobank's subsidiary in Bulgaria, Postbank, subject to the receipt of 
regulatory and supervisory approvals. The sale was completed on 29 February 2016.
On 10 May 2016, Alpha Holdings announced the conclusion of the sale of 100 per cent. of Alpha Bank A.D. 
Skopje to Silk Road Capital, following receipt of all applicable regulatory approvals. 
On 16 December 2016, Alpha Holdings concluded the sale and transfer to Home Holdings S.A., a joint venture 
formed by Tourism Enterprises of Messinia S.A. and D-Marine Investments Holding B.V., of its approximately 
97.3 per cent. stake in the share capital of the ATHEX-listed company Ionian Hotel Enterprises S.A. (IHE). 
The total proceeds from the transaction amounted to €143.3 million, including the refinancing of the existing 
debt of IHE. 
On 30 January 2017, it was announced that an agreement had been signed with the Serbian MK Group of 
companies on the sale of Alpha Holdings' 100 per cent. stake in the share capital of Alpha Bank Srbija A.D. 
The transaction was completed on 11 April 2017. 
On 31 May 2019, the Group, through its subsidiary Alpha Group Investments Limited, following an open 
tender process, sold 100 per cent. of the shares of AEP Chanion S.A. to Pangaea REIC and Pavalia Enterprises 
Limited, an entity owned by Dimand S.A. for a total consideration of €8.7 million.  AEP Chanion S.A. was 
the sole owner of a prominent land plot in the city of Chania.
On 11 June 2019, Alpha Holdings completed the sale of all its shares in its subsidiary Alpha Investment 
Property I A.E. to Mavani Holdings Limited, an entity owned by Brook Lane Special Situations Fund for 
consideration of €91.9 million.  Alpha Investment Property I A.E. held a portfolio of prime office real estate 
assets and its sale was part of Alpha Holdings' strategy to deleverage non-core assets.
On 7 January 2020, the disposal of the Holdings Group's subsidiary, AGI-Cypre Alaminos Ltd, was completed.
On 30 June 2020, the sale of the Holdings Group's subsidiary, AGI-BRE Participations 3 E.O.O.D, was 
completed.
On 5 August 2020, the sale of the Holdings Group's subsidiary, ABC RE L1 Ltd., was completed.
On 6 October 2020, the disposal of Alpha Holdings' participation in V Telecom Investment S.C.A and V 
Telecom Investment General Partner S.A. based in Luxembourg was completed.
On 6 November 2020, the disposal of the total shares of the Holdings Group's subsidiary, AGI-Cypre Property 
3 Ltd, was completed.
On 11 November 2020, the sale of Alpha Holdings' participation in Mastercard Incorporated was completed.

--- Page 169 ---
169
On 24 December 2020, the disposal of the total shares of the Group's subsidiary, Alpha Investment Property 
GI I SMSA, was completed.
On 31 January 2021, the disposal of the total shares of the Group's subsidiary, AGI-Cypre Property 10 Ltd, 
was completed.
On 2 February 2021, Alpha Holdings signed an agreement with a consortium of domestic and international 
investors for the sale of Alpha Holdings' 71.08 per cent. stake in APE Investment Property S.A.
On 12 February 2021, the disposal of the total shares of Alpha Holdings' subsidiary, Alpha Investment Property 
Attikis II SA, was completed.
On 15 February 2021, the disposal of the total shares of the Holdings Group's subsidiary, AGI-CYPRE 
Property 36 Ltd, was completed.
On 26 February 2021, the disposal of the total shares of the Holdings Group's subsidiary, ABC RE P1 Ltd, 
was completed.
On 17 March 2021, the disposal of the total shares of the Holdings Group's subsidiary, AGI RRE Cleopatra 
SRL, was completed. As a result of such disposal, AGI RRE Cleopatra SRL's subsidiary TH Top Hotels is no 
longer part of the Holdings Group's or the Group’s portfolio of participations.
On 18 June 2021, the disposal of 80 per cent. of the shares of New CEPAL (as defined below) was completed.
On 15 October 2021, the disposal of all of the shares of the Group's subsidiary, AGI-Cypre Property 11 Ltd, 
was completed.
On 18 July 2022, the Issuer announced that Alpha International Holdings Single Member S.A., a fully owned 
subsidiary of the Group, had completed the sale of its 100 per cent. stake in the share capital of Alpha Bank 
Albania SHA to OTP Bank Plc, following the issuance of the relevant regulatory approvals (Project Riviera).
Other material milestones and transactions 
On 12 June 2014, Alpha Holdings successfully issued a €500 million senior unsecured bond, with a 3-year 
maturity and 3.5 per cent. yield to maturity, with the book being oversubscribed by four times.
On 9 July 2014, the European Commission announced its approval of Alpha Holdings' restructuring plan, as 
submitted to the European Commission by the Greek Ministry of Finance on 12 June 2014.
On 4 December 2014, Alpha Holdings completed a shipping securitisation transaction in excess of USD 500 
million, the first such Greek transaction since 2008.    
On 12 November 2015, Alpha Holdings concluded a liability management exercise launched on 28 October 
2015. The total accepted amount of the validly tendered securities amounted to €1,010,845,000 and contributed 
to the 2015 share capital increase. The offer was voluntary and offered the exchange of specific series of notes 
for shares, achieving a high participation rate of 93 per cent.
On 26 November 2015, the European Commission's Director-General for Competition (DGComp) approved 
Alpha Holdings' revised restructuring plan, which was found to be in line with EU state aid rules and aims to 
enable Alpha Holdings to return to viability.
Further to Alpha Holdings' announcement on 24 December 2014, "Cepal Hellas Financial Services S.A. - 
Servicing of Receivables From Loans and Credits" (former Aktua Hellas) a Law 4354/2015 company was 
established on 24 February 2016 which is owned by the joint venture between Alpha Holdings and

--- Page 170 ---
170
Centerbridge Partners Europe, LLP. Such company was the first one, on 29 November 2016, to be granted a 
licence by the Bank of Greece to manage receivables from loans and credits, pursuant to Law 4354/2015, as 
in force.
On 14 September 2018, Alpha Holdings completed the disposal of a portfolio of non-performing and 
uncollateralised retail loans in Greece with a carrying amount of €64.6 million as of 31 December 2017 to a 
company of the Norwegian group B2Holding.
The EBA conducted further stress tests on the Greek systemic banks in 2018, the results of which were 
announced on 5 May 2018.   Based on feedback received by the SSM, the stress test outcome, along with other 
factors, have been assessed by its Supervisory Board and points to no capital shortfall.
In May 2018, Alpha Holdings together with Alpha Bank Romania S.A. completed the disposal of a Romanian 
non-performing wholesale loans portfolio to entities financed by a consortium of international investors 
including Deutsche Bank AG, funds advised by AnaCap Financial Partners LLP and funds advised by APS 
Investments S.à.r.l. This transaction completed the actions carried out by Alpha Holdings to sell a significant 
part of its Romanian NPEs, which included the sale of a non-performing retail loans portfolio to the Norwegian 
group B2Holding, in the third quarter of 2017.
On 31 July 2018, the four systemic banks in Greece (the credit institution now known as Alpha Bank S.A., 
National Bank of Greece, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank) entered into an innovative servicing agreement with a 
credit institution specialised on servicing of NPLs, doBank S.p.A (doBank), in line with their strategic 
framework to reduce their NPEs by protecting the viability of small and medium enterprises and supporting 
the recovery of the Greek economy.  doBank will support the four systemic banks in the exclusive management 
of common NPEs of more than 300 Greek SMEs with an approximate nominal value of €1.8 billion.
On 28 November 2018, Alpha Holdings entered into a binding agreement with a consortium comprised of 
funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC, and IFC (International Finance Corporation), 
a member of the World Bank Group, for the disposal of a mixed pool (i) of NPLs to Greek SMEs mainly 
secured by real estate assets (the NPL portfolio) and, together with the wholly-owned Group company Alpha 
Leasing S.A., (ii) of repossessed real estate assets in Greece (the REO portfolio), with a total on-balance sheet 
gross book value of approximately €1.0 billion and €56 million respectively, as of 30 September 2018. The 
NPL portfolio transaction was completed on 24 December 2020, while the REO portfolio transaction was 
completed in the first quarter of 2020.
On 21 December 2018, the sale of a non-performing and uncollateralised retail loans portfolio in Greece was 
completed. The transaction price as incurred, taking into consideration the transaction costs and other 
liabilities, amounted to €62.6 million, whilst the gain amount of €7.8 million was recognised as "Gains less 
losses from discontinued recognition of financial instruments at amortised cost".
On 31 December 2018, Alpha Holdings successfully exited the restructuring plan approved by DGComp.
In 2018 Alpha Holdings initiated an action plan for the reorganisation of its key Holdings Group subsidiaries 
under three pillars, which was completed in December 2020.  Pursuant to the reorganisation scheme Alpha 
Holdings' key subsidiaries were sold to the following three Group holding companies:   

Alpha Holdings Single Member S.A acquired the shares of the financial services companies based in 
Greece (ABC Factors Single Member S.A., Alpha Leasing S.A., Alpha Asset Management 
A.E.D.A.K., Alpha Finance Investment Services S.A and Alpha Ventures S.A.).

Alpha International Holding SA (International HoldCo) acquired the shares of the Group's foreign 
credit institutions (Alpha Bank Romania S.A. and Alpha Bank Cyprus S.A.) and Alpha Credit 
Acquisition Company Ltd, a licensed credit acquisition company that the Group has established in 
Cyprus, in December 2020, whilst the acquisition of the shares of Alpha Bank Albania SHA was

--- Page 171 ---
171
completed in January 2021. International HoldCo also acquired convertible securities issued by Alpha 
Bank Cyprus S.A. and held by Alpha Holdings. 

Alpha Group Investments Ltd acquired the shares of subsidiaries undertaking real estate related 
business (Emporiki Venture Capital Developed Markets Limited, Emporiki Venture Capital Emerging 
Markets Limited and Alpha Investment Property Attikis SA). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all three holding companies are 100 per cent. (directly or indirectly) 
subsidiaries of the Issuer, following the Hive Down on 16 April 2021.
On 14 October 2019, the Group subsidiaries Alpha Bank Cyprus and AGI-Cypre Ermis signed a long-term 
partnership agreement with DoValue S.p.A. in order to manage NPEs and the real estate portfolio in Cyprus, 
with a gross book value of €3.2 billion. 
On 6 February 2020, Alpha Holdings priced a €500 million Tier II bond issue with an initial coupon of 4.25 
per cent. This represented Alpha Holdings' inaugural CRD/CRR-compliant Tier II transaction and its first 
public unsecured debt transaction since 2014, with the lowest initial coupon for a Tier II  instrument issued by 
a Greek bank in the prior 13 years.
On 11 February 2020, Alpha Holdings completed the establishment of a branch in Luxembourg and on 19 
June 2020 the transfer of its London Branch operations to the Luxembourg Branch was completed.
On 26 June 2020, part of the performing and non-performing loans portfolio was transferred from Alpha Bank 
Cyprus Ltd to the Holdings Group's subsidiary Alpha Credit Acquisition Company Limited.
On 17 July 2020, Alpha Holdings completed the disposal of a pool of NPLs to Greek SMEs mainly secured 
by real estate assets, of a total on-balance sheet gross book value of €1.1 billion.
On 17 July 2020, Alpha Bank Romania S.A. and SSIF Alpha Finance Romania S.A signed an agreement for 
the absorption of the business activity of SSIF Alpha Finance Romania S.A. by Alpha Bank Romania S.A., 
which was completed on 5 October 2020. On 18 March 2021, the Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA) of 
Romania approved the withdrawal of SSIF Alpha Finance Romania S.A.'s licence.
On 22 July 2020, Alpha Holdings acquired the remaining shares in Cepal Holdings S.A., taking its 
shareholding in Cepal Holdings S.A. to 100 per cent.
On 30 November 2020, the participation of Alpha Holdings in the B' Cycle of the COVID-19 Loan Guarantee 
Fund for Businesses of the Hellenic Development Bank was announced, aiming to actively support Greek 
businesses to face the consequences of the health crisis, mainly focusing on SMEs and very small enterprises.
On 1 December 2020, Alpha Holdings transferred its business of servicing NPEs to Cepal Hellas, a wholly-
owned licensed servicing company for loan receivables under law 4354/2015.  
On 30 December 2020, Alpha Holdings agreed to enter into a new exclusive distribution agreement with 
Assicurazioni Generali for the sale of non-life and health insurance products through its distribution channels. 
The agreement will have an initial term of twenty years.
On 30 December 2020, Alpha Holdings participated in the share capital increase of IHE by subscription of 
preferred shares. As a result, Alpha Holdings acquired a 7 per cent. participation in IHE's share capital.
As of 10 January 2021, Alpha Holdings was fully registered with the new infrastructure 24/7/365 of the 
interbank pan-European payment system SEPA, having successfully completed the necessary technical tests, 
in cooperation with the DIAS Interbanking Systems S.A. Such registration is now held by the Issuer as a result 
of the Hive Down. The Issuer is the first bank in the Greek market to apply to all its banking channels, and

--- Page 172 ---
172
with the utmost security, the innovative service of instant payments for transactions within the Hellenic 
territory.
The 2021 EBA EU-wide stress test launched on 29 January 2021 and its results were announced on 30 July 
2021 (with a later announcement, in December 2021, that the next EU-wide stress test would be held in 2023). 
As per such results, Alpha Holdings successfully concluded the 2021 EU-wide stress test.  In particular, the 
starting point of the exercise was 31 December 2020, when the Issuer had a CET1 transitional ratio of 17.1 per 
cent., a CET1 fully loaded ratio of 14.6 per cent. as well as a leverage ratio (transitional) of 12.5 per cent. and 
a leverage ratio (fully loaded) of 10.7 per cent. 

Under the baseline scenario, the capital generation for the 3-year period was 2.8 per cent. absorbing 
2.4 per cent. IFRS 9 phase-in, resulting in a 2023 CET1 transitional ratio of 17.4 per cent. The 2023 
CET1 fully loaded ratio reached 17.3 per cent. while the 2023 leverage ratio (fully loaded) came to 
13.0 per cent. 

Under the adverse scenario, the 2023 CET1 transitional ratio stood at 8.4 per cent., largely driven by 
the negative impact of credit risk. The 2023 CET1 fully loaded ratio came to 8.3 per cent., while the 
2023 leverage ratio (fully loaded) resulted in 6.1 per cent.
On 19 February 2021, a portfolio of both performing and non-performing loans, along with the real estate 
portfolio of AGI-Cypre Ermis Ltd and Umera Limited were transferred (accounting wise) to the Group's 
subsidiary Alpha Credit Acquisition Company Limited.
On 11 March 2021, Alpha Holdings successfully issued Tier II subordinated bonds with a nominal value of 
€500 million and a 10.25-year maturity. The bonds are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF 
market.
On 23 September 2021, the Issuer successfully issued €500,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Senior Preferred Notes 
due 2028. The notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market.
On 22 October 2021, Alpha Holdings announced that it had entered into a binding agreement with certain 
entities managed and advised by Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP in relation to the sale and transfer 
of 51 per cent. of the mezzanine and junior securitisation notes of a €3.4 billion gross book value portfolio 
consisting primarily of NPEs, known as Project Cosmos.
On 11 November 2021, Alpha Holdings and Nexi announced that they entered into a binding agreement for 
the establishment of a strategic partnership in respect of the Issuer’s merchant acquiring business unit in Greece 
(the "MA Business") through, inter alia: (i) the carve-out of the MA Business by the Issuer by way of a spin-
off to a newly-incorporated entity ("Alpha Payment Services S.M.S.A." or "NewCo"); (ii) the sale to Nexi of 
a 90 per cent. stake in the NewCo, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent; and (iii) the 
execution of a long-term marketing and distribution agreement by the parties, providing the NewCo with 
access to the Issuer's network, in order to distribute payment acceptance products and services to business 
customers of the Bank in Greece. On 30 June 2022, following the satisfaction of conditions precedent, the 
strategic partnership was launched through the carve-out of the MA Business by way of a spin-off to Alpha 
Payment Services S.M.S.A. (which was renamed "Nexi Payments Greece S.A.") and the sale of a 51 per cent. 
stake in the latter entity to Nexi. A further 39 per cent. stake was sold in July 2022.
On 10 December 2021, the Issuer successfully issued €400,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Senior Preferred Notes 
due 2024. The notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market. On 13 December 2022 
the Issuer proceeded to the repurchase of €368,773,000 of the notes, while the remaining notes were redeemed   
in full on 14 February 2023. 
On 17 December 2021, the Issuer successfully concluded a synthetic securitisation of a €1.9 billion portfolio 
of performing SME and corporate loans, enabling the Issuer to obtain credit risk protection for the mezzanine

--- Page 173 ---
173
tranche of the securitisation. The transaction achieved simple, transparent and standardised (STS) designation 
for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/2402, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/557. 
On 28 December 2021, Alpha Holdings announced that the Issuer had entered into a binding agreement with 
Hoist Finance AB as part of Project Orbit. The transaction which included the disposal of a portfolio of retail 
unsecured NPLs of a total outstanding balance of €2.1 billion completed on 24 March 2022.
On 12 February 2022, Alpha Holdings announced that it had entered into a binding agreement with an affiliate 
of Cerberus Capital Managmeent L.P. as part of Project Sky.
On 29 June 2022, the Issuer completed the second synthetic securitization transaction of performing small, 
medium and large corporates portfolio (Tokyo) amounting to € 0.63 billion. With this transaction, the Issuer 
is protected against junior tranche credit risk through a financial guarantee agreement with the European 
Investment Fund.
On 14 July 2022, the Issuer successfully concluded the sale of a €0.1 billion portfolio of non-performing 
shipping loans to Marlin Acquisitions DAC.
On 21 July 2022, the Issuer commenced the process for the sale of a portfolio of investment and owner-
occupied properties with a net book value of €402,989 thousand (the Skyline Transaction). In the context of 
the Skyline Transaction, the Group will transfer to a third party investor the shares of a newly established SPV 
(Skyline) to which specific properties or specific investments in subsidiaries of the Group that own the Group's 
properties have been transferred. During the third quarter of 2022, the Executive Committee approved the 
selection of a preferred investor and the commencement of negotiations on the details of the transaction. The 
disposal group was valued at the lower of its book value and the fair value less cost to sell. The loss from said 
valuation amounted to €48,428 thousand.
On 1 November 2022, the Issuer successfully issued €400,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Senior Preferred Notes 
due 2025. 
On 16 December 2022, the Issuer successfully issued €450,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Senior Preferred Notes 
due 2027. 
On 8 February 2023, Alpha Holdings successfully issued €400,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Additional Tier 1 
Perpetual Contingent Temporary Write-Down Notes. The notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF market. 
Russia’s invasion in Ukraine, which began on 24 February 2022, has created uncertainties in the markets in 
which the Group operates and in macroeconomic conditions, as have the resulting sanctions imposed by, 
amongst others, the United States, the European Union and the United Kingdom. The Group's direct exposure 
to Russia/Ukraine is relatively immaterial as is the amount of funds transferred from/to Ukraine and Russia. 
The Group has direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine from loans to customers of around €25.3 million as at 
30 September 2022. Nevertheless, the Group is monitoring the unfolding crisis and continues to assess the 
impact on its business, financial position and profitability.
Variable remuneration for Group employees  
Group companies may offer a variable component as part of an employee's total remuneration package (such 
as bonuses or other reward schemes).  Offering remuneration of this type is at the discretion of the relevant 
Group company and will be based on both individual performance and fulfilment of the relevant Group 
company's goals.  It is also subject to, amongst other things, regulatory requirements and various clawback 
and other adjustment mechanisms.  There are two main performance incentive schemes in operation: (i) the 
Performance Incentive Programme (PIP) for central functions staff; and (ii) a Sales Incentive Programme 
(SIP) for branch network staff.

--- Page 174 ---
174
On 31 July 2020, the Ordinary General Meeting of Alpha Holdings approved the establishment and 
implementation of a five-year stock options plan (period 2020-2024) in the form of stock options rights by 
issuing new shares, in accordance with article 113 of law 4548/2018, to members of the management and of 
the personnel of Alpha Holdings and its affiliated companies, within the meaning of article 32 of law 
4308/2014.  On 30 December 2020, Alpha Holdings' Board of Directors approved the regulation of the stock 
options plan and awarded stock options rights under the PIP for the financial years 2018 and 2019 to identified 
material risk takers of Alpha Holdings and its affiliated companies.
On 11 February 2021, in the context of implementation of the approved PIP and following the exercise of the 
stock options rights during the first exercise period, Alpha Holdings proceeded to an increase of its share 
capital by the amount of €684,514.80 with payment in cash and the issuance of 2,281,716 new shares of a 
nominal value of €0.30 each and an exercise price of €0.30 per share as well.
On 16 December 2021, Alpha Holdings' Board of Directors awarded stock options rights under the PIP for the 
financial year 2020 to identified material risk takers of Alpha Holdings and its affiliated companies.  Moreover, 
certain members of the senior management of Group companies falling within the ambit of the provisions of 
article 10 par. 3 of Law 3864/2010, as in force, on the establishment and operation of the Hellenic Financial 
Stability Fund, introducing a bonus ban and a salary cap for members of the board, general managers and 
deputy general managers of credit institutions having received state-aid from the HFSF (In-scope Senior 
Managers), were awarded a bonus.  The exercise of the awarded stock options by In-scope Senior Managers 
is subject to the amendment or abolition of the HFSF Law provisions banning bonuses for In-scope Senior 
Managers, introduced by virtue of article 10 par. 3 of the HFSF Law.  If such amendment or abolition has not 
taken effect by 15 January 2024 the exercise of the awarded stock options will not be possible. 
On 3 February 2022, in the context of implementation of the approved PIP and following the exercise of the 
relevant stock options (deferred amounts for the financial years 2018 and 2019 and the first available exercise 
in respect of the financial year 2020), Alpha Holdings proceeded to an increase of its share capital by the 
amount of €429,050.40 with payment in cash and the issuance of the 1,430,168 new shares of a nominal value 
of €0.30 each and an exercise price €0.30 per share as well.
On 21 July 2022, Alpha Holdings' Board of Directors awarded stock options rights under the PIP for the 
financial year 2021 to identified material risk takers of Alpha Holdings and its affiliated companies. 
On 2 November 2022, in the context of implementation of the approved PIP and following the exercise of the 
relevant stock options (the first available exercise in respect of the financial year 2021), Alpha Holdings 
proceeded to an increase of its share capital by the amount of €230,990.51 with payment in cash and the 
issuance of the 796,519 new shares of a nominal value of €0.294 each and an exercise price €0.29 per share as 
well.
Galaxy Transaction
On 22 June 2021, the Alpha Bank announced the completion of the Galaxy transaction (the Galaxy 
Transaction) with Davidson Kempner, pursuant to the signed definitive agreement signed between the parties 
on 22 February 2021. The Galaxy Transaction included: 
4 Pursuant to the resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders dated July 31, 2020, the offer price of each stock option right is equal to 
the nominal value of the share. 
Pursuant to the resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders dated July 22, 2022 the reduction of Alpha Holdings share capital was 
approved by decreasing the nominal value of each common share by the amount of €0.01 (i.e. the nominal value of each share has been formed at 
€0.29), as well as, among others, the respective amendment of article 5 of the Articles of Incorporation of the Alpha Holdings, and the payment of the 
amount of the share capital reduction in kind by distributing to the Shareholders of the  Alpha Holdings shares issued by the company under the corporate 
name Galaxy Mezz Ltd with a value corresponding to the value of the reduction of share capital.

--- Page 175 ---
175
(a)
the sale of 80 per cent. of its loan servicing subsidiary, Cepal Services and Holdings S.A. (at that time 
doing business as "Cepal Holding Single Members S.A.") (New CEPAL); and 
(b)
the sale of 51 per cent. of the mezzanine and junior securitisation notes of the €10.8 billion NPEs 
portfolio (the Galaxy Securitisations),
to certain entities managed and advised by Davidson Kempner.
Upon the completion of the Galaxy Transaction, the Issuer entered into an exclusive long-term servicing 
agreement with New CEPAL for the management of its existing Retail and Wholesale NPEs in Greece, as well 
as any future flows of similar assets and early collections.  The term of the servicing agreement, which includes 
market standard terms and conditions (including key performance indicators, indemnities, etc.), is 13 years, 
with an option to extend.
Following the Issuer's applications under HAPS pursuant to Law 4649/2019 for the inclusion of the Galaxy 
Securitisations SPVs (i.e. Orion X DAC, Galaxy II DAC and Galaxy IV DAC) to the Hellenic State's 
guarantees on the senior notes of such securitisations, Ministerial Decisions n. 2/47309/0025 /14.6.2021-
Galaxy II DAC, 2/47306/0025/14.6.2021-Galaxy IV DAC and 2/47307/0025/14.6.2021-Orion X DAC 
(Governmental Official Gazette Β2602/17.6.2021) approved the affiliation to the program. The HAPS 
guarantee entered into force on 20 July 2021, being the signing date of the government guarantee.
2021 Capital Increase of Alpha Holdings (Project Tomorrow)
Following the completion of an offering of shares of Alpha Holdings and pursuant to the resolution of the 
Board of Directors dated 30 June 2021, the offer price was set, at the recommendation of the global 
coordinators and bookrunners, at €1 per new share and the final number of new shares to be issued was set at 
800,000,000. On 8 July 2021, the Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings verified the certification of payment 
of the subscription funds of the combined offering and the successful completion of the share capital increase.
2021 Share Capital Increase of the Issuer
The Self-Convened Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer that took place on 23 July 
2021 approved, among other things, the raising of common share capital amounting to up to €1 billion, through 
payment in cash and the issuance of new common, registered, voting shares, each of nominal value of  €0.10 
(the New Shares) and set the offer price at €1.00 per New Share and the amendment of article 5 of the Articles 
of Incorporation of the Issuer, which was approved by virtue of decision no. 85152/28.7.2021 of the Ministry 
of Development and Investments. The said share capital increase was fully subscribed and paid for by Alpha 
Holdings, whilst the Board of Directors at its meeting of 26 August 2021 verified the certification of payment 
of the subscription funds.
2021 Share Capital Decrease of the Issuer
The Self-Convened Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer that took place on 25 October 
2021 approved, among other things, the share capital decrease of the Issuer by way of distribution in kind by 
the amount of €10,825,250 through cancellation of 108,252,500 common, nominal shares with voting rights, 
of a nominal value of €0.10 each, that were held by the sole shareholder of the Issuer, Alpha Holdings, and the 
distribution in kind to the said shareholder of 2,042.5 mezzanine and 14,285.15 junior securitisation notes 
owned by the Issuer and issued on 8 October 2021 by COSMOS SECURITISATION DESIGNATED 
ACTIVITY COMPANY, based in Ireland (1-2 Victoria Buildings Haddington Road Dublin, Dublin 4, D04 
XN32, Ireland), with company registration number 700585 of a total value equal to the amount of the reduction 
of the Issuer's share capital. The amendment of article 5 of the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer was 
approved by virtue of decision no. 2473250/27.10.2021 of the Ministry of Development and Investments.
2022 Netting of Retained Losses of Alpha Holdings

--- Page 176 ---
176
The Ordinary General Meeting of Alpha Holdings which convened on 22 July 2022, among others (a) approved 
the netting-off of retained losses of the amount of €6,228,890,791.27 by order of priority against the statutory 
reserve for the amount of €420,425,146.18 and an amount of €5,808,465,645.09 from the special reserve of 
article 31 of Greek Law 4548/2018 (former article 4a of codified Greek Law 2190/1920) and the distinct 
recording of certain special reserves as of 1 January 2022 and (b) authorised the Board of Directors to proceed 
with the implementation of the above, taking into account the applicable legal and tax framework.  Further it 
endorsed that according to article 31 par.2 of Greek Law 4548/2018, a share capital decrease is permitted for 
the formation of a special reserve. This special reserve can be used only for the purpose of its capitalisation or 
for absorbing accumulated losses of Alpha Holdings. Alpha Holdings had established in prior periods a special 
reserve of €6,104,890,048.60 resulting from share capital decreases. For the purpose of better presentation, 
this reserve is presented as a separate line in "Equity". Alpha Holdings can utilise this special reserve 
exclusively either for its recapitalisation or for off-setting losses.
2022 Share Capital Decrease of Alpha Holdings
On 20 October 2022, Alpha Holdings announced that, pursuant to the resolution of the Ordinary General 
Meeting of Shareholders dated 22 July 2022, the reduction in  kind of its share capital was approved by 
decreasing the nominal value of each common share by the amount of €0.01 (i.e. the nominal value of each 
share has reached €0.29), as well as, among others, the respective amendment of article 5 of the Articles of 
Incorporation of Alpha Holdings, and the payment of the amount of the share capital reduction in kind by 
distributing to the shareholders of Alpha Holdings shares issued under the corporate name Galaxy Mezz Ltd 
with a value corresponding to the value of the reduction of share capital. Following such share capital reduction 
Alpha Holdings' total share capital amounted to €680,749,266.85 divided into 2,347,411,265 common, 
registered, dematerialised ordinary shares with voting rights of a nominal value of €0.29 each.
2022 Netting of Retained Losses of the Issuer
The Self-Convened Extraordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Issuer that took place on 7 
December 2022 resolved, among others, to offset the “retained earnings” account of the approved financial 
statements of 31 December 2021, following the resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders 
dated 31 August 2022 regarding the distributions of profits, by the amount of €274,160,207.14, against an 
equal amount of the special reserve of article 31 par. 2 of Greek Law 4548/2018, in order to take place, without 
prejudice to the provisions of article 30 par. 2 and 3 of Greek Law 4548/2018, after the following: (a) the 
completion of the share capital reduction and the creation of the special reserve of an equal amount in 
accordance with article 31 par. 2 of Greek Law 4548/2018, (b) the amendment of Article 5 of the Issuer’s 
Articles of Incorporation and (c) the registration of the relevant approval decisions in the General Commercial 
Registry (GEMI). Completion of the above offset is pending.
2022 Share Capital Increase of the Issuer
By the resolution of 10 November 2022 of the Self-Convened Extraordinary General Meeting of the 
shareholders of the Issuer, the share capital of the Issuer increased by the amount of €9 million through 
payment in cash in its entirety and the issuance of 90,000,000 new common, nominal shares with voting rights, 
of a nominal value of €0.10 each and an offer price of €1.00 each. The total difference between the nominal 
value and the offer price of the new shares, i.e., the amount of €81 million, was credited to the special account 
under the title "issuance of shares above par value".
2022 Share Capital Decrease of the Issuer
By the resolution of 7 December 2022 of the Self-Convened Extraordinary General Meeting of the 
shareholders of the Issuer, the share capital of the Issuer was reduced by the amount of €519,799,924.61 by 
reducing the nominal value of its shares from €0.10 to €0.09 and creating a special reserve of the same amount 
in accordance with par.2 of Article 31 of Greek Law 4548/2018.

--- Page 177 ---
177
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP
Introduction
Alpha Holdings was established in 1879 as the banking branch of “J.F. Costopoulos & Company”. 
Following the Hive Down (as further described in "The Issuer and the Group – Hive Down" above), Alpha 
Holdings (under G.E.MI. number 223701000 and Tax Identification Number 094014249) became the holding 
company of the Holdings Group and the Issuer was incorporated on 16 April 2021 and registered in the 
Hellenic Republic as a limited liability company (under G.E.MI. number 159029160000 and Tax Identification 
Number 996807331) as the operating company of the Group. Alpha Holdings is the parent of the Issuer and 
owns all of its shares. 
The telephone number of the Issuer is 00 30 210 326 0000 and the website of the Issuer is 
https://www.alpha.gr/en/group/alpha-bank. 
The registered address of the Issuer is 40 Stadiou Street, GR-105 64 Athens, Greece.
The Issuer Group is subject to supervision by the ECB/SSM, the Bank of Greece, the Hellenic Capital Market 
Commission (the HCMC), the Greek Ministry of Development and Investments and is subject, amongst other 
things, to banking, securities and accounting legislation in force.
The scope of business of the Issuer as set out in Article 4 of its Articles of Incorporation is the following: 
(a)
Taking deposits and other repayable funds. 
(b)
Lending loans or other forms of credit, including, inter alia, consumer credit, credit agreements relating 
to immovable property, factoring with or without recourse, financing of commercial transactions 
(including forfaiting). 
(c)
Financial Leasing. 
(d)
Payments and payment services. 
(e)
Issuing and administering other means of payment (such as credit cards, debit cards as well as 
traveler’s checks and banker’s drafts). 
(f)
Guarantees and commitments. 
(g)
Trading for own account or for account of its Customers in money market instruments (checks, bills, 
certificates of deposit, etc.), foreign exchange, financial futures and options exchange and interest-rate 
instruments, and transferable securities. 
(h)
Participation in securities' issues and provision of services related to such issues, including in particular 
securities’ underwriting. 
(i)
Provision of advice to undertakings on capital structure, industrial strategy and related questions and 
advice as well as services relating to mergers and the purchase of undertakings. 
(j)
Money broking. 
(k)
Portfolio management or advice. 
(l)
Safekeeping and administration of securities.

--- Page 178 ---
178
(m)
Credit reference services, including customer credit rating services. 
(n)
Safe custody services. 
(o)
Issuing electronic money. 
(p)
The provision of investment services and ancillary services – apart from the abovementioned – and 
the exercise of investment activities provided for in article 4 of Law 4514/2018. 
(q)
The exercise of other financial or ancillary activities and the provision of any other service related to 
the above or the exercise of activity in accordance with the applicable legislation.
The activities of the Issuer Group are divided into four business units, with enhanced management and 
administrative responsibilities. The management of its overall strategy and the coordination of activities 
between business units is undertaken by its executive committee. Furthermore, the Group has strengthened the 
distinction between retail and wholesale banking and extended this organisational principle across the Group 
to apply to its operations in South Eastern Europe (Cyprus and Romania (the Group stopped being active in 
Albania though following completion of the Alpha Bank Albania Sale in July 2022)). It also maintains a 
presence in the United Kingdom (through its wholly-owned subsidiary Alpha Bank London Limited, although 
its United Kingdom branch office was moved to Luxembourg in line with the ECB/SSM Guidelines on the 
United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU), Bulgaria, Luxembourg, Ireland and Jersey. 
At the income-generation level the Group operates the following business units:
(a)
Retail Banking
This unit includes all individuals (retail banking customers), self-employed professionals, small and 
very small companies operating in Greece and abroad, except for countries in South Eastern Europe. 
This unit also deals with the securitised loans of Galaxy III Funding Designated Activity Company 
and Cepal Hellas Financial Services Single Member S.A.  The Group, through its extended branch 
network, offers all types of deposit products (deposits / savings accounts, working capital / current 
accounts, investment facilities / term deposits, repos, swaps), loan facilities (mortgages, consumer, 
corporate loans, letters of guarantee), debit and credit cards of the above customers and bancassurance 
products provided through affiliated companies.
(b)
Corporate Banking
This unit includes all medium-sized and large companies, corporations with international business 
activities, corporations that have a relationship with the Corporate Banking Division and shipping 
companies operating in Greece and abroad, except for those from South Eastern European countries. 
This unit offers working capital facilities, corporate loans, and letters of guarantee to the above 
mentioned corporations.  This unit also offers leasing products through the Group's subsidiary, Alpha 
Leasing S.A., as well as factoring services which are provided by ABC Factors S.A., another Group 
subsidiary. 
(c)
Asset Management and Insurance
This unit includes a wide range of asset management services offered through the Group's private 
banking units, its subsidiary Alpha Asset Management M.F.M.C., as well as dealing with the proceeds 
from the sale and the management of mutual funds.  In addition, it includes income received from the 
sale of a wide range of insurance products through the Group's subsidiary Alphalife A.A.E.Z.
(d)
Investment Banking / Treasury

--- Page 179 ---
179
This unit includes stock exchange, advisory and brokerage services related to capital markets, and also 
investment banking facilities, which are offered either by the Issuer or specialised subsidiaries which 
provide the aforementioned services (Alpha Finance A.E.P.E.Y., Alpha Ventures S.A.).  It also 
includes the activities of the Dealing Room in the interbank market (FX swaps, bonds, futures, IRS, 
interbank placements – loans, etc.) as well as securitisation transactions.
(e)
International 
This unit consists of the Group's subsidiaries, which operate in South Eastern Europe (including 
Cyprus), the United Kingdom and Luxembourg.
(f)
Other
This segment includes the non-financial activities of the Group, as well as unallocated/non-recurring 
income and expenses and intersegment transactions. 
A more detailed description of each business unit follows: 
Retail Banking
The Issuer is a major participant in the retail banking sector in Greece and as at 30 September 2022 had a 
domestic network of 271 branches, seven private banking (customer service) centres and seven commercial 
centres. Each Greek branch network is supported by a nationwide network of 1,292 ATMs.  It's retail banking 
activities and products include deposits, investment products, distribution of bancassurance and standard 
insurance products (most commonly, policies attached to mortgage sales), banking activities on commission 
(mutual funds, credit cards, capital transfers, brokerage activities and payroll services), loans to individuals 
(consumer and housing loans) and loans to small-sized firms.
Retail deposits
The retail deposits of the Greek private sector increased by €6.7 billion at the end of September 2022 on a 
year-on-year basis (Source: Bank of Greece, Market Deposits of Individuals).  The Issuer's market share of 
retail deposits reached 21.55 per cent. at the end of December 2021, while the overall market share in Greek 
deposits at the end of September 2022 stood at 22.45 per cent. (Source: Market Shares, Internal Report from 
Budgeting and Control Division) Retail loans
Loans to customers measured at amortised cost (before provision for impairment losses) of retail lending 
(which includes loans to small businesses) on a consolidated basis amounted to €14.3 billion as of 30 
September 2022, whereas for Greece they stood at €12.3 billion.
Lending to Individuals
Despite the challenging macroeconomic conditions, the upward trend in demand for consumer and housing   
loans continued in 2022.  The Issuer has maintained its position as one of the leading banks in the retail credit 
market by offering a full range of products designed to cover all personal and housing needs.
The Issuer offers housing loans with variable or fixed rates that finance the purchase of a house or land, as 
well as construction, renovation, extension or repair works. 
Regarding consumer loans, the Issuer offers a wide range of consumer finance solutions through a consumer 
loans product mix that has been designed to meet the needs of its retail banking customers.  The Issuer's 
consumer loans are offered either with variable or fixed rate and finance either specific needs (car acquisition, 
educational purposes or home equipment) or other personal needs.  In 2022, the launch of an end-to-end digital 
consumer loan emphasized the Issuer’s digital transformation and boosted consumer loans disbursements.

--- Page 180 ---
180
Additionally, within the context of ESG financing, the Issuer offers a full range of green products both for 
consumer or housing needs (Green Solutions) and participates in the Ministry of Environment and Energy 
programmes designed to incentivise residential properties owners to improve the energy efficiency of their 
homes. Those initiatives and associated risks are further addressed in the following section of the Base 
Prospectus titled “Climate – Related, Environmental – Social and Governance (ESG) Risks”.
The Group's carrying amount of consumer loans (before allowance for impairment losses) carried at amortised 
cost amounted to €1.6 billion as at 30 September 2022.
Payment cards
The Issuer has a leading position in the Greek cards market.
The Issuer's debit, credit and prepaid card portfolio exceeds four million cards.  As regards credit cards, the 
Issuer maintains significant market share in terms of both, billings and balances.  As regards the total cards 
portfolio, the sales volume for the 9 months of 2022, was approximately €9.5 billion, increased by 22 per cent. 
compared to 2021, whereas outstanding balances amounted to €713 million, on 30 September 2022.
In the acquiring sector, there were significant developments, for Alpha Bank, at the end of June 2022.  More 
precisely, the Issuer, has carved out its merchants acquiring business unit, by way of spin-off to a new entity 
that received a payment services institution license and has successfully completed the closing of the 
transaction with Nexi.  The signing of this agreement marked the initiation of Nexi Payments Greece and the 
willingness of the two entities to join forces to transform merchant solutions in Greece and pave the way for a 
new era of digital payments in the country.
Corporate Banking
Corporate Banking
The Issuer provides a full range of corporate banking services to Greek companies, foreign corporations active 
in Greece and, to a lesser degree, public sector entities. Corporate clients serviced by the Issuer's Corporate 
Banking division generally have an annual turnover of at least €75 million.  The Issuer's credit portfolio is 
mainly composed of companies in the manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade, construction, real estate, 
energy, fuels and infrastructure sectors.
The Issuer offers a number of services to corporate customers, including acceptance of deposits, short-medium 
and long-term lending both in euro and foreign currencies, cashing cheques, foreign exchange transactions, 
transactions in treasury and money market instruments, letters of guarantee, factoring and leasing.  Its services 
offered also include other cash and risk management services.  The Issuer also provides certain other banking 
services to corporate customers, including arrangement and participation in syndicated loans to large-sized 
companies 
Commercial Banking
The Issuer provides services to companies located on the Greek mainland and islands.  The Issuer services 
hotel and hospitality enterprises with credit limits over €1.5 million and annual turnover over €5 million and 
additionally, all other companies operating outside the hotel and hospitality sectors and which abide by credit 
limits over €1.5 million and annual turnover between €5 million and €75 million.  
In order to provide qualitative services and appropriate solutions to each client, customised expertise is divided 
between two divisions.  The Commercial Centres Division serves the clients of the Greek mainland that operate 
in sectors outside of hospitality and tourism, whilst the Hospitality and Tourism Division provides services to 
all companies operating in tourism and hospitality sectors as well as to all clientele located specifically on 
Greek islands.

--- Page 181 ---
181
The Issuer's centralised customer relationship management system offers a wide spectrum of tailor made 
solutions to meet its clients' needs.  In addition, the Issuer provides a wide range of other products and financing 
tools with the support of supranational organisations, the Entrepreneurship Fund and the Hellenic Development 
Bank.
Small Business Banking
Alpha Bank provides, with an integrated strategic framework to support entrepreneurship and bolster the 
competitiveness of small enterprises, promotes modern solutions, strengthening their prospects for 
development, focusing as well on adopting sustainability practices, having as vision to take advantage of green 
investment opportunities and sustainable development. 
The above business strategy, is implemented in dynamically practice through the expertise of dedicated 
Officers, who have excellent knowledge and experience in managing new business development trends, 
enjoying as well the special support of Alpha Bank’s ecosystem of partners, that helps them to discover the 
appropriate solutions for every business project, assuring to be profitable and sustainable.
The Issuer, provides dedicated financing solutions, across all entrepreneurship sectors, responded fully to 
challenges and market opportunities, Moreover, a rich pallet of competitive financing tools is provided, 
specially targeted to the enhancement of SMEs liquidity in cooperation with Hellenic Development Bank and 
European Investment Fund.  The Issuer also offers a wide range of co-financing solutions under the framework 
of the RRF (National Recovery and Resilience Plan – Greece 2.0), the new Development Law 2022 and ESPA 
2021-2027, effectively supporting productivity, extroversion, competitiveness and innovation in Greece.
Shipping Finance
The Issuer has been successfully involved in shipping finance since 1997, providing also various specialised 
products and services (fund transfers, branch operations, hedging solutions, etc.) to Greek-owned ocean-going 
shipping companies and coastal shipping companies.
Despite the fluctuations in the freight markets and world economy, Greek shipowners continue to demonstrate 
their commitment and strong position within the shipping industry.  Bank lending remains the main means of 
raising funds and the Issuer will continue to aim for the best possible response to its customers' needs.
Alpha Leasing S.A.
Alpha Leasing S.A., established in 1981, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, and provides a wide range 
of financial leasing services and products to its customers.  Alpha Leasing S.A. is service-oriented, focusing 
on the selective implementation of its customers' investment plans (664 customers as at 30 September 2022), 
while securing low risk and acceptable return levels for its portfolio.  As at 30 September 2022, total 
receivables from leasing (after allowance for impairment losses) amounted to €212 million5 (compared with 
€384 million at 31 December 2021).  As at 30 September 2022, Alpha Leasing S.A. had 34 employees. 
ABC Factors Single Member S.A.
Through ABC Factors Single Member S.A., the Issuer provides a wide range of factoring services (domestic 
factoring with and without recourse, reverse factoring, invoice discounting, accounts receivables control, 
management and collection services, import and export factoring and forfaiting).  Upon its establishment in 
1995, ABC Factors Single Member S.A. was a pioneer of factoring services and has held a dominant position 
in the Greek factoring market based on the value of the assigned receivables and profit before taxes, according 
to a comparative analysis of the competition (Source: Hellenic Factoring Association).  For the period from 1 
January to 30 September 2022, the turnover of ABC Factors Single Member S.A. (amount of trade receivables) 
5 As of 30 June 2022, receivables amounting €71 million (after allowance for impairment losses), were designated as held for sale (€339 million gross 
amount).

--- Page 182 ---
182
amounted to €4.39 billion (compared to €3.29 billion for the same period of 2021).  As at 30 September 2022, 
the company had 77 employees.  ABC Factors Single Member S.A. is a full member of Factors Chain 
International (a global organisation for open accounts trade receivables financing) as well as of the 
International Trade and Forfaiting Association.
Asset Management & Insurance
The Asset Management & Insurance segment includes private banking, asset management, and insurance 
services.
Private Banking Unit
Since 1993, the Issuer has been providing a full range of portfolio management services as well as upgraded 
banking services to high net worth clients.  The services are provided under the trade name "Alpha Private 
Bank" by a network of six exclusively designated Private Banking Market Areas, four service points at selected 
branches in Greece's largest cities and one Private Banking Market Area accommodating assets in Greece and 
abroad.
The unit, operating under the supervision of the General Manager – Wholesale Banking and with support from 
a team of portfolio counsellors and analysts, provides the Issuer's upper client segment with optimised portfolio 
management solutions under the Discretionary, Advisory, Transactional Advisory and Execution Only 
framework.  The sales team consists of 50 specialised and certified private bankers. 
Αs of 30 September 2022, the unit's total assets under management stood at €5.0 billion and 6,700 investment 
portfolios, contributing approximately €24.6 million in gross revenues. 
Since 2018 and aiming at improving its Private Banking "Customer Journey" through the enhancement of 
investment services, the unit introduced the:

"InvestoR" Electronic Platform which provides flexibility and automation of the advisory investment 
process, in full compliance with MiFID II; 

use of mobile devices (tablets) in the provision of private banking services, facilitating direct and 
personalised communication between the private banker and the customer;

use of the electronic client signature (e-signature) that, combined with the utilisation of tablets for the 
completion of the InvestoR session and the remittance of investment orders, enhances transaction 
efficiency and client experience; and

consolidation of the Alpha Private Bank Customer Phone Service, which provides swift and secure 
specialised banking services to Private Banking customers during extended working hours without 
visiting an Alpha Bank branch.
In recognition of the consistent high quality that defines the Issuer's Private Banking services, in 2022 Alpha 
Bank was named "Best Private Bank in Greece", for the 5th consecutive year, by the internationally acclaimed 
publications "Professional Wealth Management (PWM)" and "The Banker" of the Financial Times Group.
Alpha Asset Management M.F.M.C.
Alpha Asset Management M.F.M.C., established in 1989, is a Greek management company organised under 
Directive 2009/65/EC, duly authorised and supervised by the competent Greek supervisory authority, the 
HCMC.  Alpha Asset Management M.F.M.C is involved in the management of mutual funds (UCITS), offered 
to retail and institutional investors, while it also offers asset management services (discretionary portfolio

--- Page 183 ---
183
management) to institutional investors, such as pensions funds, insurance companies and other entities.  It is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer. 
Alpha Asset Management M.F.M.C. holds a leading position in Greece in the areas of mutual fund 
management and discretionary portfolio management. As of 30 September 2022, it enjoyed a market share of 
21.5 per cent. in the domestic mutual funds industry (Source: Hellenic Fund & Asset Management 
Association), offering 24 mutual funds (€2.18 billion, as of September 2022), domiciled in Greece and in 
Luxembourg, that cover all major asset classes and geographies.  As of September 2022, total assets under 
management stood at €2.83 billion, of which €647 million refer to discretionary segregated accounts managed 
for institutional investors.
Alpha Asset Management M.F.M.C. actively supports the sustainable development of the economy and the 
promotion of responsible investment policy, having been included in the United Nations-endorsed "PRI 
Initiative".  The Group's Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Policy contains guiding principles to 
be applied by Alpha Asset Management M.F.M.C. to ensure that information on ESG risks and opportunities 
is appropriately incorporated into the investment management process.
Alphalife Insurance Company S.A.
Alphalife Insurance Company S.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Alpha Holdings, is a life insurance company 
(licensed and supervised by the Bank of Greece) and is active exclusively in the bancassurance market of 
investment and pension life insurance products, solely through the branch network of the Issuer.
Despite the fact that the commencement of its business in 2010 coincided with the economic recession in 
Greece, there has been an increase in premium production, in the portfolio of insurance contracts and in 
reserves and assets under the management of Alphalife Insurance Company S.A. during the period between 
2010 and 30 September 2022.  Key figures for the period ended 30 September 2022 are: insurance premiums 
received of €127.5 million, assets under management of €725 million and profits before income tax of €23.8 
million.
Investment Banking and Treasury
Investment Banking
The Investment Banking unit includes the activities of Corporate Finance, Structured Finance and Real Estate 
Investments, as these are described below.
The Corporate Finance Division is comprised of three units (Capital Markets, Financial Advisory Services and 
Real Estate Investment Services), whose main activities are outlined below:
Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services
The Capital Markets and Financial Advisory Services arm offers services relating to mergers and acquisitions, 
restructurings, privatisation projects, valuations, capital markets transactions in equity and corporate bonds, 
public tenders and concessions and holds a leading position among the local investment banking units. 
On the Capital Markets side, the Corporate Finance Division provided, in 2021, underwriting advisory services 
to Motor Oil S.A., Costamare Participations Plc, Prodea REIC, CPLP Shipping Holdings Plc, ElvalHalcor 
S.A., Noval Property REIC and GEK Terna S.A. for the listing of corporate bonds on ATHEX.  Moreover, the 
unit acted as lead underwriter on the €0.8 billion share capital increase of Alpha Holdings. 
It also acted as co-lead underwriter on the €1.35 billion share capital increase of PPC S.A. and completed a 
share capital increase of €75 million for Premia Properties S.A. (part in cash and part in asset contribution).

--- Page 184 ---
184
The division also acted as an advisor to Belterra Investments Ltd for the tender offer of Thessaloniki Port 
Authority's shares. 
Furthermore, up to 30 September 2022, the Corporate Finance Division provided underwriting advisory 
services to Premia Properties S.A., SafeBulkers Participations Plc, Lamda Development S.A. and CPLP 
Shipping Holdings Plc. for the issuing and listing of corporate bonds on ATHEX. It also acted as issue advisor 
and co-lead underwriter on the initial public offering of Dimand S.A. in which €113 million (including the 
over-allotment option) were raised.  Additionally during 2022, the division acted as a financial advisor to 
Panagiotis G. Nikas S.A. Industrial and Commercial Company, preparing a valuation report in order for the 
board of directors of the company to provide its reasoned opinion in connection to the mandatory tender offer 
of Cryred Investments Limited and as an advisor to Allianz SE for the voluntary tender offer of European 
Reliance SA shares. It also acted as an advisor for the share capital increase with in kind contribution to IDEAL 
Holdings SA. 
Furthermore, advisory services were also offered to private companies trading on ATHEX in connection with 
share capital increases, corporate bond issuances and tender offers, which are expected to close in 2023. 
With respect to Financial Advisory Services, in 2021, the Corporate Finance Division provided, among other 
things, financial advisory services to Unilever S.A. for the sale of its tomato product retail sector (Pummaro 
line) in Greece.
On the privatisation side, the unit advised the Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund (HRADF) on the 
award of a concession to operate, maintain and commercially exploit Egnatia Motorway.
The Corporate Finance Division continued to provide financial advice to Hellenic Petroleum S.A. with respect 
to the privatisation of DEPA Infrastructure S.A. and DEPA Commercial S.A.  The DEPA Infrastructure S.A. 
privatization was completed in September 2022.
Additionally, the division acted as buy side financial advisor to an energy group for a contemplated transaction 
in the electricity and renewable energy sector, as sell side financial advisor to an FMCG company for a 
contemplated disposal of certain assets, as financial advisor for a merger of two listed companies, as by side 
financial advisor to a Greek listed company for a cross border acquisition and as by side financial advisor to a 
consortium for the Attica Ring Road privatization.
Real Estate Investments Services
Real Estate Investments Services undertakes the management, operation, formulation and execution of related 
strategic and business plans for real estate assets in Greece and South Eastern Europe acquired as a result of 
the enforcement of security under loan facility agreements.  The aim of the Real Estate Investments Services 
unit is to safeguard and maximise recovery value of those assets, as well as to secure their efficient and risk-
fenced management through the establishment of SPVs.  The Real Estate Investments Services unit acts as one 
of the internal real estate commercialisation channels in close collaboration with Alpha Real Estate 
Management and Investments SA, Alpha Astika Akinita S.A., the Issuer's subsidiaries in South Eastern Europe 
and other external partners.
In 2021, the Real Estate Investments Services unit concluded sales of real estate assets under management in 
Greece and Romania totalling €54.7 million.  These included the sale of:

a SPV holding a portfolio of prime commercial real estate assets in Athens, for a total consideration 
of €27.5 million; 

a SPV holding an industrial asset in Athens, for a total consideration of €15.2 million; 

a SPV holding a hotel portfolio in Romania, for a total consideration of €9.5 million; and

--- Page 185 ---
185

one land plot in Bucharest, Romania, for a total consideration of €2.5 million.
In addition to the above, another €2.6 million of sales concluded until 30 September 2022, as follows: 

a commercial asset in Bistrita, Romania for a total consideration of €2.6 million. 
Structured Finance
The Issuer holds a leading position in the Greek structured finance market, offering project financing on a non-
recourse basis for large projects in infrastructure (motorways, airports, ports, etc.) and energy (renewables, 
cogeneration and thermal power plants), either on a bilateral or a syndicated basis, in Greece and abroad.  The 
Issuer is also active in commercial real estate finance through structured financing of projects in Greece and 
South Eastern Europe.
In 2022, the Structured Finance Division was actively involved in arranging new structured financings on a 
syndicated or bilateral basis in the power sector, with a focus on renewable energy sources and wind farms 
and in public-private partnerships. 
In the field of advisory services, the Structured Finance Division acts as adviser to the Hellenic Republic Asset 
Development Fund (TAIPED) for privatisations.
In the real estate sector, the Structured Finance Division successfully completed a number of selective 
transactions in Greece and Romania.
On the basis of existing mandates regarding the arrangement of financing for various projects, the volume and 
the performance of the loan portfolio are expected to increase in the following years, with business growth 
driven primarily by projects in the renewable energy sector, infrastructure projects, public-private partnerships 
and the development of income-producing properties.
Alpha Finance Investment Services Single Member S.A. 
Established in 1989, Alpha Finance Investment Services Single Member S.A. is one of the oldest members of 
ATHEX. As an investment services provider regulated by the HCMC, it offers, inter alia, brokerage services 
in domestic and international equities and derivatives, as well as equity research.  Alpha Finance Investment 
Services Single Member S.A. acts as a market maker for the stock and derivatives markets of ATHEX and is 
also a member of the Cyprus Stock Exchange and of ENEX. 
For the nine month period ended on 30 September 2022, Alpha Finance Investment Services Single Member 
S.A. reported profit after tax of €0.8 million compared to €2.5 million for the respective period ended on 30 
September 2021.  Revenues as of 30 September 2022 stood at €7.9 million, down by 7 per cent when compared 
to the respective 9 month period of 2021.  Shareholder's equity as of 30 September 2022 stood at €30.4 million 
compared to €29.5 million on 31 December 2021.
Treasury
The Issuer participates in the interbank spot, money, bond and derivatives markets.  Its use of sophisticated 
systems to measure risk, along with the Issuer's conservative trading profile, have contributed to risk limitation, 
enhancement of flexibility in adapting to changing market conditions, and improved performance.  The 
Treasury Division is particularly active in both the Greek primary and secondary bond markets as well as in 
the primary and secondary European and international debt capital markets.

--- Page 186 ---
186
International
The Group is active in South Eastern Europe and has a presence in Cyprus and Romania It has a presence in 
the United Kingdom through the Issuer's subsidiary Alpha Bank London Limited and, following relevant 
ECB/SSM guidelines driven by Brexit, the Issuer in June 2020 established a branch in Luxembourg to which 
the activities of the Issuer's branch in London were transferred, following which the London branch ceased its 
operations.  The Group also has a presence in Jersey, Bulgaria and Luxembourg.  As at 30 September 2022, 
the Group had a total of 151 branches and 2,474 employees in South Eastern Europe and Luxembourg.  As at 
30 September 2022, loans and advances to customers (before allowance for impairment losses) reported under 
the segment of South Eastern Europe (Romania and Cyprus) amounted to €3.8 billion corresponding to 9.6 per 
cent. of total loans and advances to customers (before allowance for impairment losses) of the Group on a 
consolidated basis, while due to customers amounted €5.1 billion corresponding to 10.1 per cent. of total due 
to customers of the Group on a consolidated basis.
Other Activities 
Alpha Astika Akinita A.E. 
Alpha Astika Akinita S.A. was founded in 1942 and since 1999 the company's shares have been listed on 
ATHEX.  The company operates mainly in the Greek real estate market. It also extends its activities to the 
markets of Romania, Bulgaria and Cyprus through its subsidiaries, Alpha Real Estate Services S.R.L., Alpha 
Real Estate Bulgaria E.O.O.D., Chardash Trading E.O.O.D. and Alpha Real Estate Services L.L.C.
The main objective of Alpha Astika Akinita S.A. is to manage and value real estate properties as well as the 
rights relating to real estate owned by the Group. Furthermore, the company provides property management 
services, brokerage services, appraisals, technical consultations and comprehensive services for enhancing real 
estate exploitation owned by third parties. Regarding its property management services, brokerage, property 
valuation, investment appraisals, project management and evaluation of property development projects, Alpha 
Astika Akinita S.A. has been certified with ISO 9001.
On June 2022 Alpha Astika Akinita S.A. acquired the Business of Management of Real Estate Property carried 
on by Alpha Real Estate Management and Investments SA in order to be able to enhance its service portfolio 
and to be able to provide in a single company unit complete services to the market and, amongst others, to 
capitalise, on operating efficiencies.
Moreover, the company owns 18.42 per cent. of the share capital of Propindex S.A., a company which creates, 
calculates and produces indicators related to the real estate market.
Custodial Services
The Issuer has a specialised organisational unit that performs custodial functions servicing local and foreign 
institutional investors and retail clients. As at 30 September 2022, total assets under the Issuer's custody were 
approximately €7.6 billion as follows:  

the value of the institutional clientele's portfolio amounted to approximately €4.1 billion, while the fee 
and commission income from 1 January 2022 to 30 September 2022 amounted to approximately €2.3 
million.  The main categories of institutional clients under custody are insurance companies, 
institutions for occupational retirement provision (IORPs), banks and asset management companies;   

the value of the retail clientele's portfolio amounted to approximately € 2.5 billion while the portfolio 
maintenance commissions earned between 1 January 2022 to 30 September 2022 amounted to 
approximately €1.26 million; and

--- Page 187 ---
187

the value of Alpha Holdings' portfolio amounted to approximately €1 billion while the fee and 
commission income from 1 January 2022 to 30 September 2022 amounted to approximately €0.05 
million.
NPE Management 
The Group has set as paramount objective the effective management of NPEs, as this will lead not only to the 
improvement of the Group’s financial strength but also to the restoration of liquidity in the real economy, 
households and productive business sectors, contributing to the development of the Greek economy in general. 
In this context, the Group further accelerated the NPE reduction effort in H1 2022 even compared with the 
revised NPE Business Plan (submitted on April 2021), reaching also a single digit NPE Ratio (8.2 per cent.). 
Total reduction within the first half of 2022 amounted to €1.9 billion and this was the result of a dedicated 
effort towards achieving more than the initial NPE reduction target of €0.9 billion. 
The further successful implementation of the Group’s NPE Strategy within 2022 is also affected by a number 
of external/systemic factors that include, among others, the following: 

The economic environment at post COVID -19 era. 

The developments of the macroeconomic environment as a result of the war in Ukraine and the 
increased cost of energy. 

Acceleration of implementation of the new out of court mechanism. 
The Group’s full commitment towards the active management and reduction of NPEs over the Business Plan 
period is reinforced through the constant review and calibration of the Group’s strategies, products, and 
processes to the evolving macroeconomic environment
Distribution Network
Branch Networks
The Issuer's presence in Greece and other countries in which it operates is supported by a network comprising 
436 branches as at 30 September 2022, which includes approximately 271 retail branches in Greece, seven 
commercial centres in Greece, seven Private Banking customer service centres in Greece and 151 retail 
branches outside Greece.
myAlpha
The Issuer's pillar "myAlpha" includes all digital products and services, for Individual and Business users, 
such as "myAlpha Web", "myAlpha Mobile" and "myAlpha Phone", the digital wallet "myAlpha wallet", as 
well as digital products like “myAlpha Quick Loan”. 
e-Banking
Following enrolment to e-Banking, Alpha Bank customers can access their banking products and carry out 
transactions via a computer and myAlpha Web or their mobile phone and the myAlpha Mobile app. 
In 2022, new e-Banking registrations increased by 38.14 per cent. (compared to 2021), thus exceeding 417,965 
new subscribers, while seven out of ten new customers chose to register for e-Banking remotely.  Similarly, 
the number and value of transactions via e-Banking also increased by 16.55 per cent. and 19.47 per cent. 
respectively (each compared to 2021).

--- Page 188 ---
188
The Issuer continued to develop online products, reflecting the ever-changing needs of its customers and 
enabling them to carry out most of their transactions remotely without visiting a branch.
myAlpha Web
The myAlpha Web for individuals, which became available in May 2021, incorporated new functionalities, 
such as the ability for the Issuer's customers to update their personal details directly via the Greek government's 
website without requiring a physical visit to a branch, the immediate activation of dormant accounts, the online 
loan application, as well as a dark mode version, for better usability and convenience. 
Active users of "myAlpha Web" for individuals continued to grow in 2022, with a 0.49 per cent. increase in 
active users in 2022 compared to 2021.
myAlpha Μobile  
"myAlpha Mobile" offers the Issuer's customers modern solutions and services in order to enable them to carry 
out their transactions easily and quickly from their mobile devices.
The app continued its upward trend in 2022, with a 29.43 per cent. increase in active users in 2022 compared 
to 2021.
To further simplify daily electronic transactions for the Issuer's customers, new features were integrated in the 
myAlpha Mobile application in 2022, such as the Informative Push Notifications service, the application for 
new online products, the activation of dormant accounts as well as the ability to update personal information 
via the eGov-KYC service.
In September 2022, the number of e-Banking registered customers that used the myAlpha Mobile application 
on a monthly basis increased by 18 per cent. compared to September 2021, while at the same time the e-
Banking subscribers who used the service exclusively for both informational and transactional purposes 
increased by 22 per cent.
myAlpha Phone
myAlpha phone provides information to customers and helps them carry out transactions via an automated 
system or with the assistance of a call centre agent.  This is particularly useful for customers with reduced 
mobility or visual impairments.
Electronic payment services
Digital Wallets
The Issuer, following the success of its fully redesigned digital wallet "myAlpha Wallet" for Android users, 
was the first Greek bank to offer its customers all major digital wallets available on the market (Apple Pay, 
Google Pay, Garmin Pay, Xiaomi Pay).  In 2022, Alpha Bank's customers continued to have a great acceptance 
of the above digital wallets. Indicatively, in September 2022, the number of registered cards in myAlpha 
Wallet, Apple Play and Google Pay reached 530,000, 720,000 and 480,000, respectively.  The usage of all the 
above digital wallets offered by the Issuer also continued to increase with the number of transactions exceeding 
23 million in 2022, from 8 million in 2021.

--- Page 189 ---
189
Electronic Services for Businesses
myAlpha Web for Businesses
New business registrations to e-Banking for business users increased by 3.41 per cent. in September 2022 
compared to September 2021, while the number and value of transactions via e-Banking also increased by 
17.75 per cent. and 25,80 per cent., respectively.
At the same time, new functionalities offered via myAlpha Web for businesses, such as the Alpha Online Term 
Deposit, the Web FX service, improvements in loan payments, as well as the ability to carry out multiple 
transfers and multiple payments at once enabled businesses to carry out their transactions in a fast and more 
efficient manner improving the user experience.
Alpha Mass Payments
"Alpha Mass Payments" is dedicated to collecting dues via standing orders and/or alternative networks, as well 
as carrying out mass payments (e.g. payroll, payment of suppliers etc.).  The service's user-friendly interface 
offers features that allow users to create, send and monitor the progress of mass payment orders (e.g. payroll 
or payment of suppliers) and effectively serves SMEs.
Automated Banking Services
To enhance customer service and increase the efficiency of the Issuer's ATM network while rationalising their 
operating costs, approximately 350 feasibility studies, primarily concerning the configuration of the network 
of off-site ATMs (withdrawals, relocations, new installations, replacements, adjustment of rentals etc.), were 
carried out in 2022 and cost-benefit reports were compiled on the operation of all off-site ATMs.
The Issuer also installed 54 new ATMs (46 off-site and 8 in branches) and withdrew 60 ATMs (27 off-site and 
33 due to changes in the branch network).  All branch network ATMs offer online cash deposits and many 
payments can be made more easily and faster through the use of barcodes/QR codes.  Deposit transactions 
increased by 8.4 per cent. over the course of 2022 compared to 2021.
To better serve customers and to reduce the workload of branch tellers involving deposits and cash payments, 
the Issuer has 440 automated payment systems (APSs) installed in 261 branches, covering 96 per cent. of the 
branch network. 
Donations for Social Purposes
e-Banking supports donations to more than 100 different social purpose organisations.
Digital Onboarding (for Individual and Business customers)
The Issuer's Retail Onboarding service, introduced in 2020, enables customers that wish to start their 
relationship with the Issuer to complete the process in just 10 minutes, whichever channel they might choose: 
digitally from the mobile app or at the branch with the redesigned tablet process.  Since its launch in December 
2020 and until September 2022, one out of five new customers chose to start their relationship with the Issuer 
(open a current account, get e-Banking access codes and a debit card) using the myAlpha Mobile app.  At the 
same time, 49 per cent. of the total new customers chose to start their relationship with the Issuer at the branch 
via the Retail Onboarding service. 
The Issuer's Digital Business Onboarding service, also introduced to the Greek market in 2020, enables 
business customers to obtain a deposit account, as well as a business e-Banking subscription, fully online, 
without the need for the legal representative of the company to visit the branch.  The first nine months of 2022,

--- Page 190 ---
190
businesses that started their relationship with Alpha Bank via the Digital Business Onboarding service 
increased by a 58 per cent. in comparison to the first nine months of 2021.
myAlpha Quick Loan
Alpha Bank has recently introduced the myAlpha Quick Loan, a fully digital consumer loan exclusively 
available via myAlpha Web and myAlpha Mobile.  This loan offers individuals the opportunity to borrow 
between €500 and €5,000 in just a few minutes, through a simple and paperless process that does not require 
a visit to a branch.  Credit decisions are made real-time, where the customer gets immediately informed of the 
outcome of the evaluation and upon approval receives the amount in the account he has chosen.
During the first nine months of 2022, 65 per cent. of all consumer loans for amounts up to €5,000 were 
disbursed via digital channels, representing 40 per cent. of the total volume of consumer loans disbursed during 
the same period.
Strategy
In order to reduce its cost of risk and to reduce the amount of NPEs on its balance sheet, Alpha Holdings 
announced the 2019 Strategic Plan in November 2019. The main priority and objective of the 2019 Strategic 
Plan was the improvement of the Group's financial structure through the reduction of its NPEs and cost of risk, 
which constituted the main factors impacting profitability over the past years, while also aiming to optimise 
the organisational and capital structure of the Group. The 2019 Strategic Plan entailed, among other things, 
the Galaxy Securitisation and the transfer of the Issuer's business of servicing of NPEs to Cepal Hellas.
On 22 February 2021, Alpha Holdings announced that it had reached definitive agreement with funds managed 
by Davidson Kempner for the sale and transfer of 80 per cent. of the shares in Cepal Hellas HoldCo along with 
51 per cent. of the mezzanine and the junior notes issued under the Galaxy Securitisation, which was completed 
on 18 June 2021.
The 2019 Strategic Plan also entailed the Hive Down. The Hive Down was completed on 16 April 2021. 
On 24 May 2021, the Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings approved and announced the Updated Strategic 
Plan. The Updated Strategic Plan includes, but is not limited to, the following priorities:
Significantly increase the Group's revenue base supported by active participation in RRF deployment in 
Greece
The Issuer's current strategic priority under the Updated Strategic Plan is to capture the opportunity to 
participate in the expected growth in the Greek banking sector triggered by the utilisation of the RRF. The 
RRF is expected to bring about direct and indirect benefits to economic growth. Greece will be by far the 
largest net beneficiary from the fund. The Bank of Greece estimates a 7 per cent. increase in real GDP growth 
by 2026 and the creation of 180,000 jobs through a 20 per cent. growth in private sector investment alongside 
targeted reforms. The deployment of the RRF is expected to add, on average, at least 1.5 percentage points per 
annum to the Greek GDP growth trajectory over the six years to 2026 (Source: Governor of the Bank of Greece 
Report for 2020). As such, capturing the full potential of this initiative is expected to be the single most 
important goal for the banking system and for the Issuer in particular, especially following the successful 
completion, in July 2021, of the €800 million share capital increase of Alpha Holdings which strengthened the 
Group's capital base and allows for credit expansion.
Further reduction of NPEs through transactions
As part of its further capital enhancing actions, and following completion of the Galaxy Securitisation, the 
Issuer set out its intention for further deleveraging its NPE stock by launching a series of transactions with an 
aggregate gross book value of more than €8.2 billion. In particular, the Group has launched the following

--- Page 191 ---
191
transactions: (a) Project Cosmos, for which a binding agreement was signed on 22 October 2021 with an 
application submitted under HAPS 2 on 15 October 2021, and which was completed on 17 December 2021; 
(b) Project Orbit; (c) an outright sale of the DK Shipping Exposures to Davidson Kempner (concluded on 14 
July 2022); (d) together with the other Greek systemic banks, Project Solar, for which an application was 
submitted under the HAPS 2 scheme on 6 October 2022 and in which the Issuer 's participation shall be €0.4 
billion; (e) Project Sky, for which a binding agreement with an affiliate of Cerberus Capital Management L.P. 
was announced on 14 February 2022; and (f) two outright sales of a selected pool of wholesale and leasing 
receivables of  more than €1.0 billion in aggregate. 
Leverage partnerships in driving the growth of fee and commission income
Under the Updated Strategic Plan, the Issuer aims to leverage its position among affluent segment clients and 
the partnerships it has entered into in order to grow its net fee and commission income.
One of the key drivers for higher fee income in the coming years is expected to be the higher business activity 
and improvement in lending volumes in light of higher RRF-driven lending, which would in turn drive the 
growth in lending-related fees including letter of credit and loan guarantee fees as well as any ancillary M&A 
advisory and ECM and DCM business fees.
Additionally, the Issuer believes that there is a scope for the Issuer to increase bancassurance fee income by 
2024 on the back of the exclusive partnership agreement that Alpha Holdings and the Issuer signed with 
Generali in December 2020. This partnership expands the Group's product offering across both the life and 
non-life segments with particular strategic focus on the retail offering and allows the Issuer to benefit from 
Generali's expertise combined with the Issuer's distribution capabilities.
Additionally, in relation to cards and payments fees, the Issuer aims to capitalise on the expected growth of 
Greek payment sector and its strategy is focused on attracting a strong partner going forward.  In this context, 
on 11 November 2021 Alpha Holdings and Nexi announced that they had entered into a binding agreement for 
the establishment of a strategic partnership in respect of the MA Business through, inter alia: (i) the carve-out 
of the MA Business by the Issuer by way of a spin-off to the NewCo; (ii) the sale to Nexi of a 51 per cent. 
stake in the NewCo, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent; and (iii) the execution of a long-
term marketing and distribution agreement by the parties, providing the NewCo with access to the Issuer's 
network, in order to distribute payment acceptance products and services to business customers of the Issuer 
in Greece. On 30 June 2022, following the satisfaction of conditions precedent, the strategic partnership was 
launched through the carve-out of the MA Business by way of a spin-off to the NewCo, which was renamed 
“Nexi Payments Greece S.A.”, and the sale of a 51 per cent. stake in the latter entity to Nexi.

--- Page 192 ---
192
RISK MANAGEMENT
Risk Management Framework 
The Group has established a framework for the management of risks based on best practice and supervisory 
requirements in accordance with common European legislation and the current system of common banking 
rules, principles and standards.  The Group aims to continuously improve such framework and apply it over 
time in order to be applied in a coherent and effective way in the daily conduct of the Group's activities within 
and across borders, thereby supporting the effectiveness of the corporate governance of the Group. 
The Group's focus is to maintain the highest operating standards, ensure compliance with regulatory risk rules 
and retain confidence in the conduct of its business activities through sound provision of financial services.
Since November 2014, the Group has fallen under the SSM, which is the system of financial supervision and 
prudential regulation comprising the ECB and the Bank of Greece.  In addition, as a significant credit 
institution, the Group is directly supervised by the ECB.
The SSM works in cooperation with the EBA, the European Parliament, the Eurogroup, the European 
Commission (EC), the competent national resolution authorities, the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM), 
and the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB), within their respective competencies.
The Group defines its risk management strategy through (a) the determination of the extent to which the Group 
is willing to undertake risks (risk appetite), (b) the assessment of the potential impacts of activities in the 
development strategies by defining the risk management limits, so that  the relevant decisions balance the 
anticipated profitability with the potential losses and (c) the development of appropriate  procedures for the 
implementation of this strategy through a mechanism which allocates risk management responsibilities and 
accountability between the Issuer units. 
The Group's risk strategy and risk management framework are organised according to three lines of defence, 
which have a decisive role in its efficient operation. In particular:

the business units of retail, wholesale, wealth banking and NPEs remedial management constitute the 
first line of defence and risk 'ownership', which identifies and manages the risks that arise when 
conducting banking business;

the risk management unit and the compliance unit, which are independent from each other as well as 
from the first line of defence.  They constitute the second line of defence in order to ensure objectivity 
in the decision-making process, to measure the effectiveness of these decisions in terms of risk 
conditions and to comply with the existing legislative and institutional framework, by monitoring 
internal regulations and ethical standards as well as the total view and evaluation of the total exposure 
of the Issuer and the Group to risk, based on established guidelines; and

internal audit, which constitutes the third line of defence.  As an independent function, it reports to the 
Board of Directors through the Audit Committee and audits the activities of the Group, including the 
risk management function.
Risk Management Governance
The Board of Directors is responsible for managing the affairs of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer and 
representing it vis-à-vis third parties.  Further, it has the ultimate and overall responsibility for Alpha Holdings 
and the Issuer and defines, oversees and is accountable for the implementation of the governance arrangements 
within Alpha Holdings that seek to ensure effective and prudent management of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer.  
The Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer is responsible for approval of the risk strategy and

--- Page 193 ---
193
the risk appetite of Alpha Holdings and the Group and the regular monitoring of their implementation, with 
the support of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings (the Risk 
Management Committee).  
Based on the selected risk appetite, the Board of Directors ensures that the levels of risk are well understood 
and communicated throughout the Group.  The Board of Directors determines the risks that the Group may 
assume, the size of such risks, the limits on the Group's significant business operations and the basic principles 
for the calculation and measurement of such risks.  For more information on the Risk Management Committee, 
please see the section entitled "Directors and Management – Committees of the Issuer’s Board of Directors – 
Risk Management Committee".
The Risk Management Committee convenes at least once a month and recommends to the Board of Directors 
the approval of the Group's risk profile as well as the strategy on risk undertaking and risk and capital 
management.  In accordance with the institutional framework, the Risk Management Committee, taking into 
account Alpha Holdings' and the Group's business strategy and adequacy of the technical (e.g. modelling tools, 
IT systems, etc.) and human resources available to implement the risk and capital strategy, is responsible for 
the communication of key aspects of the risk strategy throughout the Group, in terms of:

the undertaking, monitoring and management of risks (market, credit, interest rate, liquidity, 
operational, concentration and other substantial risks) per category of transactions and customers and 
per risk level (i.e. country, profession, activity);

the determination of the applicable maximum risk appetite on an aggregate basis for each type of risk 
and the further allocation of each of these limits per country, sector, currency, business unit, large 
exposures etc.; and

the establishment of stop-loss limits or of other corrective actions.
Furthermore, the Risk Management Committee reviews and assesses the methodologies and models applied 
regarding the measurement of risks undertaken and ensures that there is an adequate level of communication 
among the Internal Auditor, the External Auditors, the Supervisory Authorities, the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors on risk management issues.
The General Manager and Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) supervises the Risk Management Divisions and 
reports on a regular as well as ad hoc basis to the aforementioned management committees, the Risk 
Management Committee and the Board of Directors.  With respect to credit risk, reporting to the 
aforementioned committees covers the following areas:

the risk profile of portfolios by rating grade;

the transition among rating grades (migration matrix);

the estimation of the relevant risk parameters by rating grade, group of clients, etc.;

the trends of basic rating criteria;

the changes in the rating process, the criteria or in each specific parameter;

the concentration risk (by risk type, sector, country, collateral, portfolio, name etc.);

the evolution of gross loans, loans overdue by 90 days or more and NPEs and monitoring key 
performance indicators per segment on a Group basis;

the cost of risk;

--- Page 194 ---
194

the IFRS 9 staging transition of exposures per asset class; and 

the maximum risk appetite per country, sector, currency, business unit, limit breaches and mitigation 
plans.
Organisational Structure of Risk Management Divisions
Under the supervision of the CRO the following Risk Management Divisions operate within the Group and 
have been given the responsibility of implementing the risk management framework, according to the 
directions of the Risk Management Committee:

Market and Operational Risk Division

Credit Risk Data and Analysis Division

Credit Risk Data Management Division

Credit Risk Analysis Division

Credit Control Division

Credit Risk Policy and Control Division

Credit Risk Methodologies Division

Credit Risk Cost Assessment Division

Climate and ESG Team

Risk Models Validation Division

Wholesale Credit Division

Credit Workout Division

Retail Credit Division
Committees 
Risk Management Committee
For more information on the Risk Management Committee, please see the section entitled "Directors and 
Management – Committees of the Issuer’s Board of Directors – Risk Management Committee".
The Committee consists of no fewer than three Members and no more than 40 per cent. of the total number of 
the Members of the Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer (rounded to the nearest whole 
number), excluding the representative of the HFSF.  The exact number of the Members of the Committee is 
determined by the Board of Directors or the General Meeting of Shareholders. All Committee Members are 
Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors, the majority of whom are independent (excluding the 
HFSF representative).  The representative of the HFSF is a Member of the Committee.  The Committee 
generally includes one Member of the Audit Committee to ensure proper sharing of information in common 
areas of interest.

--- Page 195 ---
195
The Chair of the Committee (the RMC Chair) is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors with significant experience in the financial banking sector.  The RMC Chair cannot simultaneously 
act as Chair of the Board of Directors or of any other Board Committee. 
All the Members of the Committee should have prior experience in the financial services sector and, 
individually and collectively, appropriate knowledge, skills and expertise concerning risk management and 
control practices.  At least one Member (the NPL Expert) should have solid risk and capital management 
experience as well as familiarity with the local and the international regulatory framework.  One Member is in 
charge of overseeing ESG issues. 
The Chair and the Members of the Committee are appointed for a period of four years, by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations 
Committee.  The tenure of the Chair of the Committee should not normally exceed six years accumulatively 
from the time of his/her election.  The Independent Non-Executive Members may be appointed for up to nine 
years from the date of their first appointment.  To the extent possible, changes to the Committee's composition 
shall occur in a staggered manner.
The Risk Management Committee convenes at least once a month and may invite any Member of the Group’s 
Management or Executive to attend its meetings.  The CRO is a regular attendee of the Committee meetings 
and has unhindered access to the RMC Chair and Members of the Committee.  The CRO, while 
administratively reporting to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), shall report functionally to the Board of 
Directors through the Committee.
The Risk Management Committee assists the Board of Directors in achieving the following objectives:

promoting a sound risk culture at all levels throughout the Issuer and the Subsidiaries (the Group), 
fostering risk awareness and encouraging open communication and challenge across the organisation; 

ensuring that the risk and capital management strategies correspond to the business objectives of the 
Issuer and the Group;

ensuring that the Issuer and the Group adopt a well-defined risk appetite statement and framework, 
which are embedded across the organisation (including the NPEs/NPLs Management Unit) and 
cascade into limits per country, sector, and Business Unit.  The Committee ensures that the risk 
appetite framework is fully aligned with the Issuer’s and the Group's strategy, budget process, capital 
and liquidity planning, and remuneration framework and that the Issuer adequately embeds 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks in the overall risk appetite statement and 
framework, business strategy and risk management framework;

monitoring the achievement of objectives in risk management, especially in the areas of NPEs and 
capital ratio;

overseeing the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management policies and procedures of the 
Issuer and the Group;

overseeing the implementation of effective mitigating and corrective measures, with regard to key 
areas of risk or risks exceeding the established thresholds, in cooperation with the Audit Committee, 
as appropriate; and

ensuring that there is an adequate level of communication on risk management issues among the 
Internal Auditor, the External Auditors, the Supervisory Authorities, the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors;

--- Page 196 ---
196

reviews regularly and recommends to the Board of Directors for approval the risk and capital 
management strategy, ensuring alignment with the business objectives of the Issuer and the Group.  In 
this context, the Risk Management Committee considers the adequacy of the technical (e.g. modelling 
tools, IT systems, etc.) and human resources available to implement the risk and capital strategy and 
ensures the communication of key aspects of the risk strategy throughout the Group; 

reviews and recommends annually to the Board of Directors for approval the Group's risk appetite 
framework and statement, considering also ESG risks, i.e. the risks of any negative financial impact 
to the Issuer stemming from the current or prospective impacts of ESG factors on its counterparties, 
such as climate-related risks, and ensuring alignment with the Group's strategic objectives and capital 
allocation. In this context, the Risk Management Committee sets the Issuer’s risk capacity, portfolio 
limits and tolerance in all key areas of the Issuer’s activity The risk appetite framework is clearly 
communicated throughout the Group and articulated/monitored via a set of metrics;   

evaluates on an annual basis or more frequently, if necessary, the appropriateness of risk identification 
and measurement systems, methodologies and models, including the capacity of the Issuer's IT 
infrastructure to record, report, aggregate and process risk-related information;

in each meeting, discusses a report by the CRO on the Issuer’s and the Group's risk profile and 
performance against the risk appetite statement for the period, and the Key Risk Indicators set therein;

collaborates with the Audit Committee as necessary on the effective oversight of the mitigation of 
certain key areas of risk, including climate-related or other ESG risks, and capital management and 
their repercussions on the Internal Control System.  The Committee also convenes jointly with the 
Audit Committee to discuss and review issues relevant to the remediation plans from 
regulatory/supervisory assessments and certain operational risk or other issues of importance and 
common interest;

recommends to the Board of Directors for approval high-level policies on the management of credit, 
market, liquidity, operational and other risks, including but not limited to the provisioning and the 
write-off policies. It also reviews policies potentially affected by ESG risks, including the (credit) 
policies for each sector and product;

approves the nature, structure, format and frequency of risk reports to be submitted by the CRO to the 
Committee, and ensures regular and high-quality reporting by the CRO to the Board of Directors; 

keeps itself informed of recent regulatory developments, emerging supervisory expectations, the 
results of supervisory requests and the SREP conclusions;

reviews regularly, at least annually, the Group's Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process 
(ICAAP) / Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and related target ratios and 
recommends their approval to the Board of Directors; and

reviews the availability of resources for the conduct of firm-wide stress tests at least annually, approves 
the Issuer’s firm-wide stress test scenarios, and considers the results of stress tests.
The Risk Management Committee periodically reviews reports on the implementation of risk policies and 
proposes to the Board of Directors amendments, modifications and corrective measures as necessary.  In 
particular, the Committee, in coordination with the Audit Committee, takes into account relevant reports 
prepared by the Internal Audit Unit Division and the External Auditors regarding:

the observance and the effectiveness of risk management policies and procedures, including credit 
procedures and the provisioning policy;

--- Page 197 ---
197

the observance and the adequacy of policies and procedures in relation to the evaluation of the internal 
capital adequacy of the Issuer;

the observance and the completeness of policies and procedures regarding the methodology for pricing 
loans, the impairment of assets and any possible alterations thereof during the fiscal year.
The Risk Management Committee reviews and assesses the methodologies and models applied pertaining to 
the measurement of undertaken risks and ensures that there is an adequate level of communication on risk 
management issues among the Internal Auditor, the external External Auditors, the supervisory Supervisory 
Authorities, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
Compliance Division
The Compliance Division is responsible for managing the compliance risk of the Issuer and monitoring the 
compliance risk of Group companies.  The Compliance Division reports to the General Manager - Chief Risk 
Officer for administrative matters and to the Board of Directors through the Audit Committee.  The 
Compliance Division is subject to the audits conducted by the competent authorities and the Internal Audit 
Division as to the adequacy and effectiveness of its procedures in accordance with the provisions of the Group's 
Compliance Audit Programme.
The main responsibilities of the Compliance Division include:

managing compliance risk and monitoring the implementation of the regulatory framework into the 
Issuer's activities;

assessing compliance at a Group level;

representing the Issuer before the competent authorities and communicating with them;

preventing and combating money laundering and terrorism financing;

preserving banking secrecy; and

handling public authorities and third parties' requests.
The Compliance Division is administratively independent and has unrestricted access to all data and 
information necessary to fulfil its purpose.  The Compliance Division develops the Group's Annual 
Compliance Programme, as well as the Group's Compliance Policies and Procedures Framework.
The Compliance Division cooperates with the Legal Services Divisions and the Market and Operational Risk 
Division, aiming to jointly address matters regarding compliance with the regulatory framework. 
Compliance Units have been set up and operate in major Group companies located in Greece and abroad, under 
the supervision of a Compliance Officer.
Internal Audit
Internal Audit is an independent, objective assurance and consulting activity, designed to add value and 
improve the operations of the Group.  The Internal Audit unit reports functionally through the Audit Committee 
to the Board of Directors and administratively to the Managing Director – CEO.
Internal Audit performs audits regarding the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control systems 
and the secure and efficient operation of the Group's information systems, in accordance with the regulatory 
framework.

--- Page 198 ---
198
Internal Audit creates a risk-based internal audit plan, consistent with the Group’s goals, on an annual basis, 
to determine the priorities of the Internal Audit's assurance engagements.  This process takes into account the 
results of a documented annual risk assessment, regulatory requirements, extraordinary developments in the 
overall economic environment as well as the input or any requests made by the Board of Directors and 
management. 
The annual audit plan is approved by the Board of Directors through the Audit Committee and may be reviewed 
and adjusted if there are any unanticipated risks that could affect the organisation. 
The audit results are communicated to the audited units and action plans are agreed.  The implementation of 
the action plans is periodically followed-up by Internal Audit. 
The results of the audit engagements, the follow-up process as well as the implementation of the audit plan are 
communicated periodically (at least every quarter) to the Audit Committee.
Internal Audit also:

designs and implements appropriate organisational structure, policies, procedures and practices in 
compliance with the International Professional Practices Framework and best practice;

develops and supports audit programmes and the audit methodology of information systems, as 
defined by the regulatory framework, the relevant international standards and best practices;

assesses the cyber security risk and management's response capabilities, with a focus on shortening 
response time and performs ad hoc audits of incidents that could negatively impact the organisation 
and customers, both financially and in terms of reputation;

performs investigative audits, when there is evidence that the interests of the Group are harmed; and

assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal control systems and submits an annual 
report, through the Audit Committee, to the Board of Directors according to the regulatory framework.
In the context of continuous improvement, Internal Audit has established and performs a Quality Assurance 
and Improvement Program (QAIP), in order to assure the quality of its activities.  The QAIP program includes 
assessments (internal and external) that cover the entire operation of Internal Audit and consists of the below 
three components:

continuous assessment of audit planning, guidance, documentation, review and preparation of audit 
reports;

periodic quality assessments which focus on the general operation of Internal Audit units; 

measurement of performance with Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), which are used to 
continuously monitor Internal Audit units using pre-defined criteria; and

An assessment of the adequacy of the Group's internal control systems, in accordance with the Issuer 
of Greece's Governor's Act 2577/9.3.2006, as amended and in force, is also performed every three 
years by external auditors, other than the statutory auditors.
Specific Risks

--- Page 199 ---
199
Credit Risk
Credit risk arises from a borrower's or counterparty's potential inability to fulfil its obligations to the Group 
due to the worsening of its creditworthiness, particularly within a deteriorating credit and macroeconomic 
environment.
The primary objective of the Group’s strategy for credit risk management, in order to maximise its risk-
adjusted performance, is the continuous, timely and systematic monitoring of the loan portfolio and the 
maintenance of credit risks within the framework of acceptable overall risk limits.  At the same time, the 
conduct of daily business within a clearly defined framework of granting credit is monitored.
The framework of the Group's credit risk management is developed based on a series of credit policy processes, 
systems and models for measuring, monitoring and validating credit risk.  These models are subject to an 
ongoing review process in order to ensure compliance with the current institutional and regulatory framework, 
international best practices and their adaptation to the respective economic conditions and to the nature and 
extent of the Group's business.  Dedicated departments develop credit rating and evaluation models in order to 
ensure that they are available for day-to-day credit processing at the various Business Units.  The independent 
Risk Models Validation Division is responsible for validating the credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, 
liquidity and operational risk models and methodologies.
Credit Risk Management Framework
The Group has set a clear credit risk undertaking and management strategy that, in line with its business goals, 
reflects the risk tolerance and the profitability levels the Group expects to achieve with regard to the risks 
undertaken.
The credit risk management framework evolves according to the following objectives:

the independence of the credit risk management operations from the risk undertaking activities and 
from the officers in charge; 

the complete and timely support of Business Units during the decision-making process; 

the continuous and regular monitoring of the loan portfolio, in accordance with the Group's policies 
and procedures that ensure a sound credit approval process; 

the monitoring of the credit risk profile in accordance with the credit risk appetite, which encompasses 
credit quality (expected loss) and credit risk concentration (limits on single names, industries and 
geographical regions); 

the conduct of a controls framework that ensures credit risk undertaking is based on sound credit risk 
management principles and well-defined, rigid credit standards; 

the accurate identification, assessment and measurement of the credit risk undertaken across the Issuer 
and the Group, at both individual credit and lending portfolio levels; 

the approval of every new credit facility and every material change of an existing credit facility (such 
as its tenor, collateral structure or major covenants) by the appropriate authority level; 

the assignment of the credit approval authority to the Credit Committees in charge, which consist of 
Executives from both the Business and Credit Units, with sufficient knowledge and experience in the 
application of the Issuer's internal policies and procedures; and

--- Page 200 ---
200

the measurement and assessment of all credit exposures of the Issuer and the Group companies to 
businesses or consolidated business groups as well as to their proprietors, in line with regulatory 
requirements.
The aforementioned objectives are achieved through a continuously evolving framework of methodologies 
and systems that measure and monitor credit risk, using a series of credit risk approval, credit risk concentration 
analysis and review, early warning for excessive risk undertaking and problem debt management processes. 
This framework is readjusted regularly according to the challenges of the prevailing economic circumstances 
and the nature and scope of the Group's business activities.
Following the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the Issuer has in place a robust early warning mechanism, which has 
been activated in the early beginning of the war between Russia and Ukraine by developing a methodological 
approach for identifying potentially impacted sectors.  The assessment is dynamic considering, on the one 
hand, the Issuer’s clientele reaction to the crisis and, on the other hand, how the trajectory of the Greek 
economy evolves. Competent credit committees were informed timely, regardless of the next review date of 
the customer, in order to review the credit standing of our customers, based on the sectorial assessment.  
Moreover, at the discretion of the competent Committee, sensitivity analysis is carried out for the evolution of 
the basic financial data of companies.  The aforementioned data informed both the rating and the impairment 
process, including the staging classification. 
In addition, the energy crisis also constitutes a significant factor for credit policy amendments and early 
warning triggers for both retail and wholesale banking customers.  Additionally, specific Guidelines had been 
shared to Relationship Managers and competent Committees for the Obligor assessment due to the increase in 
the inflation and interest rates.
Regarding the Households, their disposable income is stressed, in order to address the high inflation rates, the 
interest rate increases and the energy cost, considering the Government supportive measures. 
In any case, the Issuer closely monitors the unfolding crisis and the related macroeconomic events and assesses 
the impact on its business, financial position and profitability.
Under this framework and with the primary objective to further strengthen and improve the credit risk 
management framework the following actions have been implemented:

update of wholesale and retail banking credit policies manuals in Greece and abroad taking into 
account the supervisory guidelines for credit risk management issues as well as the Group's business 
strategy;

continuous strengthening of the second line of defence control mechanisms in order to ensure 
compliance with credit risks policies at Bank and Group level;

ongoing validation of the risk models in order to ensure their accuracy, reliability, stability and 
predictive power;

Adjustments on the sectorial assessment outlook, considering more data points coming either from the 
macroeconomic environment or the dynamic interaction with Bank’s clientele, regarding the Russia / 
Ukraine war effects in the Greek economy sectors.
Other steps the Group is taking or has taken in respect of credit risk include:

Update of Credit Policy Manuals for Wholesale Banking and Retail Banking in Greece and abroad, 
taking into account the supervisory guidelines for credit risk management issues and the Group’s 
business strategy as well as the Guidelines of the European Banking Authority regarding the loan 
origination and monitoring (EBA/GL/2020/06).

--- Page 201 ---
201

Development of a specific Credit Policy, which defines the criteria and conditions for the evaluation 
of new lending to enterprises through Hellenic Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF) Program.

Integration of the digitalization of retail credit decisioning project, through all retail banking product 
distribution channels for consumer loans, credit cards and housing loans portfolios.

Implementation of the business specifications in the context of the project for the digitalization and 
automation of retail credit decisioning process, for small business loans portfolios.

Update of the Credit Risk Early Warning Policy by enriching triggers related to energy crisis 
assessment and monitoring leveraged transactions.

periodic stress test exercises as a tool for assessing the impact of various macroeconomic scenarios on 
business strategy formulation, business decisions and the Group’s capital position.  Crisis simulation 
exercises are conducted in accordance with the requirements of the supervisory framework and 
constitute a key component of the Group’s credit risk management strategy.
Additionally, the following actions are in progress in order to enhance and develop the internal system of credit 
risk management:

Development of a dedicated reporting Datamart (R1) that will service OSI requirements such as Credit 
Risk Loan Tapes and other granular level datasets.

Continuous upgrade of Credit Risk Datamarts in terms of data quality, bug fixing, new fields and 
algorithms enhancement.

Continuous strengthening of the control and monitoring mechanism of new financing for the entire 
Retail Banking and Wholesale Banking portfolios and in particular the automatic decision-making 
mechanism for Retail Banking (THALIS).

Continuous upgrade of databases for performing statistical tests in the Group’s credit risk rating 
models.

Upgrade and automation of the aforementioned process in relation to the wholesale and retail banking 
credit by using specialized statistical software.

Reinforcing the completeness and quality control mechanism of crucial fields of wholesale and retail 
credit for monitoring, measuring and controlling credit risk.

A project for the transition from the existing rating systems to the new group credit rating platform. 
Market Risk
Market risk is the risk of losses arising from unfavourable changes in the value or volatility of interest rates, 
foreign exchange rates, stock exchange indices, equities and commodities.  Losses may occur either from the 
trading portfolio or from the management of assets and liabilities.
The market risk in the Issuer's trading portfolio is measured by Value at Risk (VaR).  The method applied for 
calculating VaR is historical simulation with full revaluation using the 99th percentile and one tailed 
confidence interval.  The historical observation period is one year at minimum.  Risk factor returns are 
calculated according to the absolute or relative approach.  A holding period of one and ten days is applied for 
regulatory purposes.  Additional holding periods may be applied for internal purposes, according to the time 
required for the liquidation of the portfolio.

--- Page 202 ---
202
In line with regulatory requirements, back-testing is performed on a daily basis for the Issuer's prudential 
trading book through the use of hypothetical and actual outcomes by monitoring the number of times that the 
trading outcomes exceed the corresponding risk measure.  According to best practices, the model is validated 
by an independent unit at the Issuer on an annual basis.
The VaR methodology is complemented with scenario analysis and stress testing, in order to estimate the 
potential size of losses that could arise from the trading portfolio for hypothetical as well as historical extreme 
movements of market parameters.
Within the scope of market risk control, exposure limits, maximum loss (stop loss) and VaR limited have been 
set across trading positions.
In particular, limits have been set for the following risks:

foreign currency risk regarding spot and forward positions and foreign exchange options;

interest rate risk regarding positions on bonds and interest rate swaps, interest futures and interest 
options;

price risk regarding positions in equities, index futures and options, commodity futures and swaps; 
and

credit risk regarding interbank transactions and bonds.
Positions held in these products are monitored on a daily basis and are examined for the corresponding limit 
percentage cover and for any limit excess.
Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  The general management sets limits on the 
total foreign exchange position as well as on the exposure by currency.
The management of the foreign currency position of the Issuer and the Group is centralised.
The policy of the Group is for the positions to be closed immediately using spot transactions or currency 
derivatives.  In the case that positions are still open, they are monitored daily by the competent department and 
are subject to limits.
Interest Rate Risk of the Banking Book
In the context of analysis of the banking portfolio, interest rate gap analysis is performed.  The main measure 
of interest rate risk is the interest risk gap for each currency, which represents the re-pricing schedule showing 
assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet exposures by time band according to their maturity (for fixed rate 
instruments), or next re-price date (for adjustable/ floating rate instruments).  The interest rate gap incorporates 
assumptions about the interest rate run-off for products without predefined maturities (sight deposits, savings, 
working capital, credit cards etc.) or other balance sheet items which exhibit strong behavioural characteristics. 
Statistical modelling is a widely accepted methodology used in determining a run-off profile for items of this 
type and is required when the future behaviour of an item cannot be directly predicted by reference to its 
contractual characteristics.
The earning at risk is calculated by using constant balance sheet while economic value is calculated by 
considering each account until maturity.  Furthermore and in the context of IFRS 9 requirements, the economic 
value for (i) loans which failed the "Solely Payments of Principal & Interest" requirement under IFRS 9 and 
(ii) purchased or originated credit impaired loans are calculated.

--- Page 203 ---
203
In addition interest rate sensitivity analysis of the Issuer/Group balance sheet through interest rate risk stress 
shocks takes place on a monthly basis examining the impact of unexpected economic losses caused by changes 
in interest rates.
According to BIS standards concerning interest rate limits on the banking book, the Issuer implements limits 
on a consolidated basis in terms of both economic value and earnings.  Economic value measures compute a 
change in the net present value of the Issuer's assets, liabilities and off-balance items subject to specific interest 
rate shock scenarios that affect future levels of a bank's own equity capital, while earning based measures focus 
on changes to future profitability within a time horizon of one year.  Additionally, economic value measures 
reflect changes in value over the remaining life of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items while earnings-
based measures cover only the short to medium term.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk to earnings arising from the Group's inability to meet its obligations as they 
become due, or fund new business, without incurring substantial losses, as well as the inability to manage 
unplanned contraction or changes in funding sources.  Liquidity risk also arises from the Group's failure to 
recognise or address changes in market conditions that affect its ability to liquidate assets quickly and with 
minimal loss in value.  Liquidity risk is also a balance sheet risk, since it may arise from banking book 
activities.  A substantial portion of the Group's assets has historically been funded by customer deposits and 
bonds issued by the Group.  Additionally, in order to extend the period and diversify the types of lending, the 
Issuer is also financed by issuing securities to the international capital markets and borrowing from the system 
of central banks.  Total funding can be divided into: (i) customer deposits; and (ii) wholesale funding.
Liquidity monitoring is conducted through the use of a range of liquidity metrics for the measurement and 
analysis of liquidity risk.  These metrics show the Group's day-to-day liquidity positions and structural liquidity 
mismatches, as well as its resilience under stressed conditions.  In respect of the metrics for monitoring 
medium-long term liquidity risk exposure, the Issuer performs liquidity gap analysis for the Issuer, the 
subsidiaries abroad and for the Group on a monthly basis.  Cash flows from all assets and liabilities are 
classified into time buckets, according to their contractual terms. Exceptions to the above rule are loans (i.e. 
overdraft accounts working capital) and customer deposits (i.e. savings and current accounts) that do not have 
contractual maturity and are allocated according to their transactional behaviour (convention).  Additionally, 
unencumbered securities are distributed according to their contractual maturity, taking into account relevant 
factors (haircuts).
Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or ineffective internal procedures, systems and 
people or from external events, including legal risk.
The Operational Risk Committee and Internal Control Committee is responsible for the approval of the Group 
policy on operational risk management and has an oversight role in its implementation.  The operational risk 
management policy is applicable to all units of the Group in Greece and abroad.
Consistent activities for assessment, monitoring and management of operational risk have been introduced in 
all bank units.  Based on the results of risk assessment, action plans are scheduled in order to mitigate critical 
operational risks.  The Group has purchased several insurance policies such as bankers blanket bond, directors 
and officers liability, cyber crime bond and various property-related insurance policies in order to further 
minimise the Group's exposure to operational risks.  In addition, the Group actively monitors its operational 
risk profile through dedicated units and appropriate governance structures.  As regards the calculation of the 
regulatory capital requirements for operational risk, the Group applies the standardised approach specified in 
Basel III, EU law, and the relevant regulations and decisions of the Bank of Greece.

--- Page 204 ---
204
Counterparty Risk
Counterparty risk for the Group stems from its over-the-counter transactions, money market placements and 
customer repos/reverse customer repos and arises from an obligor's failure to meet its contractual obligations 
before the final settlement of the transaction's cash flows.  A loss would occur if the transaction or the portfolio 
of transactions with the counterparty has a positive value at the time of default. 
The Group seeks to reduce counterparty risk by standardising relationships with counterparties through ISDA 
and GMRA contracts, which encompass all necessary netting and margining clauses.  Additionally, for almost 
all active counterparties that are financial institutions, CSAs have been put into effect, so that net current 
exposures are managed through margin accounts on a daily basis, through the exchange of cash or debt 
securities collateral.
The Group avoids taking positions on derivative contracts where the values of the underlying assets are highly 
correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty.
The estimation of counterparty exposure depends on the type of the financial product.  Risk weights are defined 
for every applicable category of counterparty risk regarding each product across operations such that the 
weighted nominal amount corresponds to the actual counterparty exposure in terms of loan equivalent risk (i.e. 
the amount at risk if the counterparty does not uphold their contractual obligations). 
For the efficient management of counterparty risk, the Issuer has established a framework of counterparty 
limits.  Counterparty limits are submitted for approval by the competent Credit Committee.  The credit 
evaluation takes into consideration all the available credit ratings provided by external rating agencies and/or 
the internal Group evaluation of the counterparty's credit rating if no external data are available, and their 
effective dates and the existence or risk mitigating measures (for example ISDA, CSA).
Counterparty limits apply to all financial instruments in which the Issuer's Treasury department is active in the 
interbank market.  The limits framework is revised according to the business needs of the Issuer and the 
prevailing conditions in international and domestic financial markets.  A similar limit structure for the 
management of counterparty risk is enforced across all of the Group's subsidiaries.
Climate – Related, Environmental – Social and Governance (ESG) Risks
The Issuer, acknowledging the potential implications of climate change in economic activity, which in turn 
affects the financial system, has developed a comprehensive action plan, submitted to the ECB in May 2021 
as to how it will incorporate the climate risk assessment in its operations and risk management process. 
In that context, in alignment with the ECB expectations and in the context of the action plan submitted to the 
ECB in May 2021, the Issuer has incorporated in its Risk Appetite Framework the following qualitative 
statements on climate risks in the context of credit risk:

the Issuer is committed to integrate climate risks into its overall risk management framework. In this 
context, the Issuer regularly monitors its exposure concentration in climate-sensitive sectors and areas 
of its loan portfolio;

the Issuer aims to enhance its due diligence process with respect to the assessment of its clients’ 
ESG/climate risk profile, through the collection of relevant information.  In this context, the Issuer 
will take initiatives to encourage its clients to clearly define and communicate their client related 
commitments and to develop and execute effective strategies to mitigate climate risks;

the Issuer aims to finance its counterparties’ green / sustainable transition both in the short-term and 
in the long-term;

--- Page 205 ---
205

the Issuer, to the extent possible, will start collecting EPC rating certificates from its clients, in order 
to monitor the energy performance class of its real estate secured exposures; and

the Issuer already applies an exclusion list in line with the Environmental and Social Exclusion List 
developed by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), for the avoidance of 
financing, directly or indirectly, specific activities considered as harmful to the environment and 
society, such as thermal coal mining or coal-fired electricity generation capacity; upstream oil 
exploration; and upstream oil development projects, except in rare and exceptional circumstances 
where the proceeds of the project exclusively target the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions or 
flaring from existing producing fields.

Within 2022 the Issuer has incorporated ESG in its regular risk identification process and has also 
performed a materiality assessment, taking into account both financial materiality, as well as 
qualitative factors, such as the perceived impact on the environment and society and potential 
reputational-related aspects, in alignment with the “double materiality” principle.

Finally, the Group ESG governance model, that was developed in 2021 to ensure effective 
management of sustainability issues, was further enhanced, by the establishment of expert teams with 
advanced skills in specific areas, such as the Climate & ESG Risk Team and the Sustainability Strategy 
lead in the Strategy Division.  It is noted that central to ESG Governance structure is the Group 
Sustainability Committee, which supports the Board of Directors in overseeing ESG topics, steers the 
Group’s ESG strategy and oversees its implementation.  The Board of Directors and its Committees 
have oversight of all ESG issues and the refocused Corporate Governance, Sustainability and 
Nominations Committee has taken over the overall ownership of the Sustainability performance.  At 
the Management level, a Group Sustainability Committee has been established in order to steer the 
Company’s ESG strategy. Finally, an ESG Working Group has also been established in order to 
execute key initiatives, along with a Group ESG Coordinator.

--- Page 206 ---
206
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT
Management and Corporate Governance of the Issuer 
The main administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer are the Board of Directors and the 
Committees of the Board of Directors (namely the Audit Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee) as well 
as the Executive Committee. The business address for all members of the administrative, management and 
supervisory bodies of the Issuer (including each Member of the Board of Directors) is 40 Stadiou Street, GR-
105 64 Athens, Greece.
Board of Directors of the Issuer
According to its Articles of Incorporation, the Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors consisting of no less 
than nine and no more than fifteen Members (only odd numbers are allowed, while an even number can be 
accepted temporarily for a justified reason), including Executive and Non-Executive Members in accordance 
with the provisions of the applicable legislation and the Relationship Framework Agreement (RFA) signed 
between Alpha Holdings (the parent of the Issuer) and the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund. A legal entity 
may also participate in the Board of Directors as a Member, pursuant to article 77 par. 4 of Greek Law 
4548/2018.  The Members are elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer and may be re-
elected and removed or replaced at any time.
The capacity of the Members of the Board of Directors as Executive or Non-Executive is determined by the 
Board of Directors.
The Independent Non-Executive Members are elected by the General Meeting and are not less than 50 per 
cent. of the total number of the Members of the Board of Directors.  Should this number be a fraction, it is 
rounded down to the nearest integer.
Pursuant to the HFSF Law, a representative of the HFSF participates as a Member to the Board of Directors. 
Such Member's responsibilities are determined by the HFSF Law and the New RFA with the HFSF. 
Failure on the part of a Member to attend meetings of the Board of Directors for a total of six (6) months per 
year, without a valid reason, shall be construed as resignation therefrom and such resignation shall be finalised 
as of the date of the resolution of the Board of Directors ascertaining the Member's failure to attend the Board 
meetings as above. 
The Board of Directors elects from among its Members, by absolute majority of the present and/or represented 
Members, the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).  In addition, the Board of Directors may elect a 
Vice-Chair or Vice-Chairs, and/or Deputy CEOs and/or General Managers and/or Executive General 
Managers and their deputies.
Furthermore, the Board of Directors appoints the Executive and the Non-Executive Members, apart from the 
Independent Non-Executive Members, in accordance with the applicable legislation and assigns competencies 
which may be modified by a resolution of the same body.  
The Board of Directors resolves on all matters concerning management and administration of the Issuer except 
those which, under the Articles of Incorporation or under applicable law, are the sole prerogative of the General 
Meeting of Shareholders.  The Board of Directors is convened by invitation of the Chair or at the request of at 
least two Members.  The representative of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund has the authority to convene 
an extraordinary meeting if the Chair has not convened such a meeting within seven days from the submission 
of the relevant request by the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund representative. In this case, the meeting is 
convened within five days from the expiration of the seven-day period.  The representative of the Hellenic

--- Page 207 ---
207
Financial Stability Fund may request an adjournment of any meeting of the Issuer’s Board of Directors for 
three business days, until instructions are given by the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund’s Executive Board.  
Such right may be exercised by the end of the meeting of the Issuer’s Board of Directors. Subject to article 
107 of Greek Law 4548/2018, the Members of the Board of Directors have no personal liability vis-à-vis 
Shareholders or third parties and are liable only towards the Issuer in connection with the administration of its 
corporate affairs.  The resolutions of the Board of Directors shall be passed by absolute majority of the 
Members present or duly represented, unless otherwise stipulated by the Issuer’s Articles of Incorporation or 
the law and subject to the provisions of Law 3864/2010, as in force, on the HFSF’s special veto rights. In case 
there is no unanimous decision, the views of the minority shall be recorded in the Minutes.
A Member who is absent from a meeting for any reason whatsoever may be represented by another Member 
of the Board of Directors the absentee has authorised via a letter, a telex, a cable, a telefax or an e-mail 
addressed to the Board of Directors.  A Member of the Board of Directors may represent only one absent 
Member. 
The Board of Directors achieves a quorum and convenes validly when at least half of its Members plus one 
are present or represented.  In any case, the number of Members personally present either physically, by 
videoconference or by teleconference may never be less than six.
The Board of Directors was elected by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on 22 July 
2022 and was constituted in body as per the Board resolution of 22 July 2022.
Under the HFSF Law, the HFSF is entitled to appoint a representative on the Board of Directors of Greek 
credit institutions that have received recapitalisation funds from the HFSF. In line with this, the Board of 
Directors of Alpha Holdings, at its meeting on 26 April 2018 (then operating as a licensed credit institution 
under the name "Alpha Bank S.A." and predecessor to the banking business of the Issuer), elected a Member, 
in accordance with the HFSF Law, article 10, paragraph 2, as representative and upon instruction of the HFSF 
(currently, Mr. Johannes Herman Frederik G. Umbgrove). 
In the event of death, resignation or loss of the capacity of a Member or Members of the Board of Directors in 
any other way, the Board of Directors may elect replacements for the existing vacancies. The respective 
election shall be implemented by a resolution of the remaining Members of the Board of Directors, provided 
that they are at least three, and shall be valid for the remainder of the tenure of the replaced Members. 
In any case, the remaining Members of the Board of Directors may carry on with the management and 
representation of the Issuer, without replacing the missing Members, provided that the number of the remaining 
Members exceeds half of the Members of the Board of Directors as those were before any of the 
aforementioned events occurred and is not lower than three.
The Board of Directors represents the Issuer and is qualified to resolve on every action concerning its 
management, the administration of its property and the promotion of its scope of business in 
general.Indicatively, the Board of Directors is qualified to resolve on issues, which, in accordance with the law 
or the Articles of Incorporation, do not fall within the exclusive competence of the General Meeting.
The Board of Directors may, following a resolution, delegate, in whole or in part, the management and/or the 
representation of the Issuer to one or more persons, Members of the Board of Directors, Executives or 
Employees of Issuer or third parties, while defining simultaneously with the above resolution, the extent of the 
relevant delegation as well as the possibility to further assign the powers granted.
Current Board of Directors of the Issuer
The following table sets forth the position of each Member and his/her status as an Executive, Non-Executive 
or Independent Non-Executive Member (as of the date of this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 208 ---
208
Position
Name
Principal outside activities
Non-Executive Member:
Chair
Vasileios T. Rapanos
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Hellenic Bank Association
Member of the Board of Directors and of 
the 
Executive 
Committee 
of 
the 
Foundation for Economic and Industrial 
Research (IOBE)
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Cultural Foundation of Alpha Bank
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
Citizens' Movement for an Open Society 
(Non-profit association)
Vice-chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Biomedical Sciences and Technologies 
S.A. IVET, S.A. (BMS TECH S.A.) 
Vice-chairman of the Board of Directors of 
EDAPA, S.A., the Company for the 
Management and Development of the 
Academy's Property.
Executive Members:
CEO 
Vassilios E. Psaltis
Member of the Board of Directors and of 
the Executive Committee of the Hellenic 
Federation of Enterprises (SEV) 
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
Hellenic Bank Association
General Manager- Growth and 
Innovation
Spyros N. Filaretos
Member of the Board of Directors of Alpha 
Bank London Ltd
Chair of the Board of Directors of the 
Efstathia J. Costopoulos Foundation
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
Cultural Foundation of Alpha Bank
Non-Executive Members:
Member
Efthimios O. Vidalis
Non-Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors of Titan Cement Company S.A.
Non-Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors of Fairfield-Maxwell Ltd

--- Page 209 ---
209
Non-Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors of Eurolife FFH Insurance Group 
Holdings S.A.
President of the Executive Committee and 
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
Hellenic Federation of Enterprises (SEV)
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
ALBA Graduate School of Business 
Administration in Athens
Vice chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Solidarity Now (NGO)
Independent Non-Executive Members:
Member
Elli M. Andriopoulou
Chairwoman and Managing Director of 
Stavros Niarchos Foundation Cultural 
Center (SNFCC)
Member
Aspasia F. Palimeri
Member of the BoD of the Foundation for 
Economic and Industrial Research (IOBE)
Member 
Dimitris C. Tsitsiragos
Member of the Board of Directors of Titan 
Cement International
Member
Jean L. Cheval
Member of the Board of Directors of EFG-
Hermès, Egypt
Chairman of the Steering Committee of 
Natixis Algérie
Chairman of the Natixis Foundation for 
Research and Innovation
Senior Adviser of Natixis
Member
Carolyn G. Dittmeier
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Assicurazioni Generali SpA
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Illycaffè SpA
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of Moncler SpA 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of the University of Bologna Foundation
Member
Richard R. Gildea
Member of the Board of Advisers at the 
Johns Hopkins University School of 
Advanced International Studies

--- Page 210 ---
210
Member
Elanor R. Hardwick
Member of the Board of Directors of Axis 
Capital Holdings Ltd, Axis Specialty 
Europe, Axis Re Europe, Axis Managing 
Agency Ltd
Member of the Advisory Board of 
Concirrus
Member of the Supervisory Council of 
Luminor Group
Member
Shahzad A. Shahbaz
Group Chief Investment Officer (CIO) of 
Al Mirqab Holding Co
Member of the Board of Directors of El 
Corte Inglés S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Seafox
Non-Executive Member (pursuant to the provisions of Law 3864/2010)
Member
Johannes Herman 
Frederik G. Umbgrove
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Demir Halk Bank N.V.
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Lloyds Bank GmbH 
Member of the Management Committee of 
the Aston Martin Owners Club
Director of the Parel van Baarn Foundation
Biographical Information
Below are brief CVs of the Members of the Board of Directors 
Members of the Board of Directors
Chair
(Non-Executive Member) 
Vasileios T. Rapanos 
Year of birth: 1947
Nationality: Hellenic
He is Professor Emeritus at the Faculty of Economics of the University of Athens and has been an Ordinary 
Member of the Academy of Athens since 2016.  He studied Business Administration at the Athens School of 
Economics and Business (1975) and holds a Master’s in Economics from Lakehead University, Canada (1977) 
and a PhD from Queen’s University, Canada.  He was Deputy Governor and Governor of the Mortgage Bank 
(1995-1998), Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Hellenic Telecommunications Organization (1998-

--- Page 211 ---
211
2000), Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors at the Ministry of Economy and Finance (2000-2004), 
member of the Board of Directors of the Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA) (2000-2004) as well as 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Bank of Greece and of the Hellenic Bank Association 
(2009-2012).  In October 2021 he was re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Hellenic Bank 
Association. He has been the Chair of the Board of Directors since May 2014.
Executive Members
CEO
Vassilios E. Psaltis
Year of birth: 1968
Nationality: Hellenic
He holds a PhD in Banking and a MA in Business and Banking from the University of St. Gallen in 
Switzerland.  He held various senior management positions at ABN AMRO Bank’s Financial Institutions 
Group in London and at Emporiki Bank wherein he has worked as Deputy (acting) Chief Financial Officer. 
He joined Alpha Bank in 2007.  In 2010 he was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and in 2012 
he was appointed General Manager.  Through these posts, he spearheaded capital raisings of several billions 
from foreign institutional shareholders, diversifying the Issuer’s shareholder base, as well as significant 
mergers and acquisitions that contributed to the consolidation of the Greek banking market, reinforcing the 
position of the Issuer. He has been a Member of the Board of Directors since November 2018 and Chief 
Executive Officer since January 2019. In 2019 he was elected member of the Institut International d' Études 
Bancaires (IIEB).  He is a Member of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee of the Hellenic 
Federation of Enterprises (SEV) since July 2021.
General Manager
Spyros N. Filaretos
Year of birth: 1958
Nationality: Hellenic
He studied Economics at the University of Manchester and at the University of Sussex.  He joined Alpha Bank 
in 1985.  He was appointed Executive General Manager in 1997 and General Manager in 2005.  From October 
2009 to November 2020 he served as Chief Operating Officer (COO).  In December 2020 he was appointed 
General Manager – Growth and Innovation. He has been a Member of the Board of Directors since 2005.
Non-Executive Members
Efthimios O. Vidalis
Year of birth: 1954
Nationality: Hellenic
He holds a BA in Government from Harvard University and an MBA from the Harvard Graduate School of 
Business Administration.  He held several leadership positions for almost 20 years at Owens Corning, where 
he served as President of the Global Composites and Insulation Business Units.  He joined S&B Industrial 
Minerals S.A. in 1998 as Chief Operating Officer (1998-2001), became the first non-family Chief Executive 
Officer (2001-2011) and served on the Board of Directors for 15 years.  He was a member of the Board of

--- Page 212 ---
212
Directors of Future Pipe Industries (Dubai, U.A.E.) from 2008 to 2019, Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
the Greek Mining Enterprises Association (2005-2009) and member of the Board of Directors of the Hellenic 
Federation of Enterprises (SEV) from 2006 to 2016, where he served as Vice Chairman (2010-2014) and as 
Secretary General (2014-2016).  Furthermore, he is the founder of the SEV Business Council for Sustainable 
Development and was the Chairman thereof from 2008 to 2016.  He was elected President of the Executive 
Committee of SEV during the Annual General Meeting, held in June 2020.  He is a non-executive member of 
the Board of Directors of Titan Cement Company S.A., Fairfield-Maxwell Ltd (U.S.A.) and non-executive 
independent member of Eurolife FFH Insurance Group Holdings S.A.  He has been a Member of the Board of 
Directors since May 2014.  He is a Member of the Audit Committee and of the Corporate Governance, 
Sustainability and Nominations Committee.
Independent Non-Executive Members
Elli M. Andriopoulou
Year of birth: 1975
Nationality: Hellenic
She holds a BA in Psychology from the American College of Greece (Deree College) and an MBA from the 
Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University (USA).  She commenced her career at Citibank NA 
(Athens, Greece) (1997-1999) and then worked as a consultant (2000-2003) at Mercer Management Consulting 
(currently Oliver Wyman), (USA).  Afterwards, she re-joined Citibank International Plc (Athens, Greece) 
(2004-2012), where she held various positions, including those of Sales Development Manager, Branch 
Expansion Project Manager, Strategy and Development Manager, Customer Interaction Unit Head, Customer 
Advocacy and Segment Management Head as well as Marketing Director.  Subsequently, she served as Co-
Chief Operating Officer (2013) at the Stavros Niarchos Foundation, as Chief Operating Officer (2014-2015) 
of the Stavros Niarchos Foundation Cultural Center (SNFCC) and as SNFCC Grant Manager (2016-2020). 
Since 2020, she has been Chairwoman and Managing Director of the SNFCC.  She has been a Member of the 
Board of Directors since January 2022.  She is a Member of the Audit Committee and of the Corporate 
Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee.
Aspasia F. Palimeri
Year of birth: 1973
Nationality: Hellenic
She holds a BA in Accounting and Finance from the American College of Greece (Deree College) (1995) and 
an MBA in Finance and Marketing from the Columbia Business School (New York, USA) (2000). She 
commenced her career at Citibank NA (Athens, Greece) (1995-1996) and Eurobank Cards S.A. (Athens, 
Greece) (1996-1998).  After acquiring her MBA, she joined McKinsey & Company (Athens, Greece), where 
she worked as an Associate Consultant (2000-2001) and as a Junior Engagement Manager (2001-2002), 
supporting strategic projects for leading Greek banks and corporates.  Subsequently, she re-joined Eurobank 
Cards S.A. as the Group Product Manager for Loans (2002-2005) and as the company’s Marketing Manager 
(2005-2010).  She also served as the Cards Business Manager at Marfin Egnatia Bank (Athens, Greece) (2010-
2013) and as the Deposit and Investment Products Senior Director at Piraeus Bank (Athens, Greece) (2013-
2016).  From 2016 to May 2022, she was the Country Manager for Greece, Cyprus and Malta at Mastercard, 
being responsible for the market share growth and the strategic development of these markets.  Since 2021, 
she has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Foundation for Economic & Industrial Research 
(IOBE).  She has been a Member of the Board of Directors since July 2022.  She is a Member of the Risk 
Management Committee and of the Remuneration Committee.
Dimitris C. Tsitsiragos

--- Page 213 ---
213
Year of birth: 1963
Nationality: Hellenic
He holds a BA in Economics from Rutgers University and an MBA from the George Washington University. 
He completed the World Bank Group Executive Development Program at the Harvard Business School. He 
spent 28 years at the International Finance Corporation (IFC) – World Bank Group. He held progressive 
positions in the Oil, Gas and Mining and in the Central and Eastern Europe Departments, including the 
positions of Manager, Oil and Gas, and Manager, Manufacturing and Services, based in Washington, D.C., 
USA (1989-2002).  Furthermore, he held director positions for South Asia (India), Global Manufacturing and 
Services (Washington, D.C.) and Middle East, North Africa and Southern Europe (Cairo, Egypt), overseeing 
IFC’s global and regional investment operations (2002-2011). In 2011, he was promoted to Vice President, 
EMENA region (Istanbul, Turkey) and in 2014 he was appointed Vice President Investments/Operations 
(Istanbul/Washington).  He served as a Senior Advisor, Emerging Markets at Pacific Investment Management 
Company (PIMCO) in London, UK (2018-2022).  He currently sits on the Board of Directors of Titan Cement 
International. He previously served as a non-executive independent Board member at the Infrastructure 
Development Finance Company (IDFC), India and at the Commercial Bank of Ceylon (CBC), Sri Lanka.  He 
has been a Member of the Board of Directors since July 2020.  He is a Member of the Risk Management 
Committee and of the Remuneration Committee.
Jean L. Cheval
Year of birth: 1949
Nationality: French
He studied Engineering at the École Centrale des Arts et Manufactures, while he holds a DES (Diplôme 
d’Études Spécialisées) in Economics (1974) from the University of Paris I.  Additionally he holds a DEA 
(Diplôme d’ Études Approfondies) in Statistics and a DEA in Applied Mathematics from the University of 
Paris VI.  After starting his career at BIPE (Bureau d’Information et de Prévisions Économiques), he served 
in the French public sector (1978-1983) and then worked at Banque Indosuez-Crédit Agricole (1983-2001), 
wherein he held various senior management positions, including the positions of Chief Economist, Head of 
Corporate Planning and Head of Asset-based Finance and subsequently he became General Manager.  He 
served as Chairman and CEO of the Banque Audi France (2002-2005) as well as Chairman of the Banque 
Audi Suisse (2002-2004).  Furthermore, he served as Head of France at the Bank of Scotland (2005-2009).  As 
of 2009 he has been working at Natixis in various senior management positions, such as Head of the Structured 
Asset Finance Department and Head of Finance and Risk, second "Dirigeant effectif" of Natixis, alongside the 
CEO. He is currently a member of the Board of Directors of EFG-Hermes, Egypt, Chairman of the Steering 
Committee of Natixis Algérie and Chairman of the Natixis Foundation for Research and Innovation.  He has 
been a Member of the Board of Directors since June 2018. He is Chair of the Risk Management Committee 
and a Member of the Audit Committee.
Carolyn G. Dittmeier
Year of birth: 1956
Nationality: Italian and US
She holds a BSc in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. She is a Statutory 
Auditor, a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), a Certified Internal Auditor (CIA) and a Certified Risk 
Management Assurance (CRMA) professional, focusing on the audit and risk management sectors. 
Additionally, she has obtained a Qualification in Internal Audit Leadership (QIAL).  She commenced her 
career in the US at the auditing and consulting firm Peat Marwick & Mitchell (now KPMG) where she reached 
the position of Audit Manager, and subsequently assumed managerial responsibilities in the Montedison Group

--- Page 214 ---
214
as Financial Controller and later as Head of Internal Audit.  In 1999, she launched the practice of corporate 
governance services in KPMG Italy. Subsequently, she took on the role of Chief Internal Audit Executive of 
the Poste Italiane Group (2002-2014). She has carried out various professional and academic activities focusing 
on risk and control governance and has written two books.  She was Vice Chair (2013-2014) and Director of 
the Institute of Internal Auditors (2007-2014), Chair of the European Confederation of Institutes of Internal 
Auditing (2011-2012) and Chair of the Italian Association of Internal Auditors (2004-2010). Furthermore, she 
served as Independent Director and Chair of the Risk and Control Committee of Autogrill SpA (2012-2017) 
as well as of Italmobiliare SpA (2014-2017). Since 2014 she has been Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of Assicurazioni Generali SpA and a member of the Boards and/or the Audit Committees of some non-financial 
companies (Moncler, Illycaffè).  She has been a Member of the Board of Directors since January 2017.  She 
is Chair of the Audit Committee and a Member of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations 
Committee.
Richard R. Gildea
Year of birth: 1952
Nationality: British
He holds a BA in History from the University of Massachusetts (1974) and an MA in International Economics, 
European Affairs from the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies (1984).  He 
served in JP Morgan Chase, in New York and London, from 1986 to 2015, wherein he held various senior 
management positions throughout his career.  He was Emerging Markets Regional Manager for the Central 
and Eastern Europe Corporate Finance Group, London (1993-1997) and Head of Europe, Middle East and 
Africa (EMEA) Restructuring, London (1997-2003).  He also served as Senior Credit Officer in EMEA 
Emerging Markets, London (2003-2007) and Senior Credit Officer for JP Morgan’s Investment Bank 
Corporate Credit in EMEA Developed Markets, London (2007-2015), wherein, among others, he was Senior 
Risk Representative to senior committees.  He is currently a member of the Board of Advisors at the Johns 
Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies, Washington D.C., where he chairs the Finance 
Committee, as well as a member of Chatham House (the Royal Institute of International Affairs), London.  He 
has been a Member of the Board of Directors since July 2016.  He is Chair of the Remuneration Committee 
and a Member of the Risk Management Committee.
Elanor R. Hardwick
Year of birth: 1973
Nationality: British
She holds an MA (Cantab) from the University of Cambridge and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. 
She commenced her career in 1995 at the UK Government’s Department of Trade and Industry, focusing on 
the Communications and Information Industries policy, and subsequently held roles as a strategy consultant 
with Booz Allen Hamilton’s Tech, Media and Telco practice and with the Institutional Equity Division of 
Morgan Stanley. Since 2005, she has held various roles, including Global Head of Professional Publishing and 
Global Head of Strategy, Investment Advisory at Thomson Reuters (now Refinitiv).  Afterwards, she joined 
the team founding FinTech startup Credit Benchmark, becoming its CEO (2012-2016). Then, she served as 
Head of Innovation at Deutsche Bank (2016-2018) and as Chief Digital Officer at UBS (2019-2020). Since 
2018 she has served as a non-executive member of the Board of Directors of specialty (re)insurer Axis Capital, 
while she is also a member of the Risk Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Corporate 
Governance and Nominating Committee.  She served as a non-executive member of the Board of Directors of 
Itiviti Group AB (July 2020 - May 2021).  She is an external member of the Audit Committee of the University 
of Cambridge as of January 2021, a member of the Advisory Board of Concirrus as of May 2021 and a member 
of the Supervisory Council of Luminor Group as of April 2022.  She has been a Member of the Board of

--- Page 215 ---
215
Directors since July 2020. She is Chair of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations 
Committee and a Member of the Risk Management Committee.
Shahzad A. Shahbaz
Year of birth: 1960
Nationality: British
He holds a BA in Economics from Oberlin College, Ohio, U.S.A.  He has worked at various banks and 
investment firms, since 1981, including the Bank of America (1981-2006), from which he left as Regional 
Head (Corporate and Investment Banking, Continental Europe, Emerging Europe, Middle East and Africa). 
He served as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of NBD Investment Bank/Emirates NBD Investment Bank (2006-
2008), and of QInvest (2008-2012).  He is currently the Group CIO of Al Mirqab Holding Co.  He is also a 
member of the Board of Directors of El Corte Inglés and of Seafox.  He has been a Member of the Board of 
Directors since May 2014.  He is Member of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations 
Committee.
Non-Executive Member pursuant to the provisions of Greek Law 3864/2010
Johannes Herman Frederik G. Umbgrove
Year of birth: 1961
Nationality: Dutch
He holds an LL.M. in Trade Law (1985) from Leiden University and an MBA from INSEAD (The Business 
School for the World), Fontainebleau (1991).  Additionally, he attended the IN-BOARD Non-Executive 
Directors Program at INSEAD.  He worked at ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (1986-2008), wherein he held various 
senior management positions throughout his career.  He served as Chief Credit Officer Central and Eastern 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEEMEA) of the Global Markets Division at The Royal Bank of Scotland 
Group (2008-2010) and as Chief Risk Officer and member of the Management Board at Amsterdam Trade 
Bank N.V. (2010-2013).  From 2011 until 2013 he was Group Risk Officer at Alfa Bank Group Holding and 
as of 2014 he has been a Risk Advisor at Sparrenwoude B.V.  He has been a member of the Supervisory Board 
of Demir Halk Bank (Nederland) N.V. since 2016 and in 2018 he became the Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board thereof.  He is currently the Chair of the Supervisory Board, of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee as well as a member of the Risk and Audit Committee and of the Related Party Transactions 
Committee of Demir Halk Bank N.V. Furthermore, since December 2019 he has been an independent member 
of the Supervisory Board and as of 1.1.2022 he has been the Chairman of the Audit Committee of Lloyds Bank 
GmbH. Additionally, he is a director of the Parel van Baarn Foundation and a member of the Management 
Committee of the Aston Martin Owners Club.  He has been a Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer, representing the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund, since April 2018.  He is a Member of all the 
Committees of the Board of Directors.
Executive Committee of the Issuer
In accordance with Greek Law 4548/2018 and the Issuer’s Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors 
has established an Executive Committee.
The Executive Committee acts as a collective corporate body of the Issuer. The Executive Committee's powers 
and authorities are determined by way of a CEO act, delegating powers and authorities to the Committee.
The composition of the Executive Committee is as follows:

--- Page 216 ---
216
Chair
V.E. Psaltis
Chief Executive Officer
Members
S.N. Filaretos
General Manager – Growth and Innovation
S.A. Andronikakis
General Manager – Chief Risk Officer
L.A. Papagaryfallou
General Manager – Chief Financial Officer
I.M. Emiris
General Manager – Wholesale Banking
I.S. Passas
General Manager – Retail Banking
N.R. Chryssanthopoulos
General Manager - Chief of Corporate Center
S.A. Oprescu
General Manager of International Network
A.C. Sakellariou
General Manager – Chief Transformation Officer
S.N. Mytilinaios
General Manager – Chief Operating Officer 
F.G. Melissa
General Manager – Chief Human Resources Officer
G.V. Michalopoulos
General Manager – Wealth Management & Treasury
Below are brief CV’s of the General Managers who are members of the Issuer’s Executive Committee:
Chair
Vassilios E. Psaltis
He was born in Athens in 1968 and holds a PhD in Banking and a MA in Business and Banking from the 
University of St. Gallen in Switzerland. He held various senior management positions at ABN AMRO Bank's 
Financial Institutions Group in London and at Emporiki Bank wherein he has worked as Deputy (acting) Chief 
Financial Officer. He joined Alpha Bank in 2007. In 2010 he was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) and in 2012 he was appointed General Manager. Through these posts, he spearheaded capital raisings 
of several billions from foreign institutional shareholders, diversifying the Issuer's shareholder base, as well as 
significant mergers and acquisitions that contributed to the consolidation of the Greek banking market, 
reinforcing the position of the Issuer. He has been a Member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since 
November 2018 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2019. In 2019 he was elected member of the Institut 
International d' Études Bancaires (IIEB). He is a Member of the Board of Directors and of the Executive 
Committee of the Hellenic Federation of Enterprises (SEV) since July 2021. 
Members
Spyros N. Filaretos
He was born in Athens in 1958. He studied Economics at the University of Manchester and at the University 
of Sussex. He joined the Issuer in 1985. He was appointed Executive General Manager in 1997 and General

--- Page 217 ---
217
Manager in 2005. From October 2009 to November 2020 he served as Chief Operating Officer (COO).  In 
December 2020 he was appointed General Manager – Growth and Innovation.  He has been a Member of the 
Board of Directors since 2005.
Spiros A. Andronikakis
He was born in Athens in 1960. He holds a BA in Economics and Statistics from the Athens University of 
Economics and Business, and an MBA in Financial Management and Banking from the University of 
Minnesota, U.S.A. He has worked in the Corporate Banking Units of Greek and multinational banks since 
1985. He joined the Issuer in 1998. He was Corporate Banking Manager from 2004 to 2007. In 2007 he was 
appointed Chief Credit Officer and in 2012 General Manager and Chief Risk Officer.   
Lazaros A. Papagaryfallou 
He was born in Athens in 1971. He studied Business Administration at the Athens University of Economics 
and Business and holds an MBA in Finance from the University of Wales, Cardiff Business School. He started 
his career in Citibank and ABN AMRO and he joined the Issuer in 1998, having served as Manager of the 
Corporate Development, International Network and Strategic Planning Divisions. On 1 July 2013 he was 
appointed Executive General Manager of the Issuer and has contributed to the implementation of the Group's 
Restructuring Plan, the capital strengthening of the Issuer, the design and closing of mergers, acquisitions and 
portfolio transactions. On 2 January 2019 he was appointed as General Manager and CFO for the Group. 
During his career he served as Chairman and member in the Board of Directors of various group companies, 
in Greece and abroad, in banking, insurance, financial services, industry and real estate sectors.
Ioannis M. Emiris
He was born in Athens in 1963. He studied Economics and Business Administration at the Athens University 
of Economics and Business (former Athens School of Economics and Business) and holds an MBA from 
Columbia Business School, as well as a US Certified Public Accounting degree.  He started his career as a 
certified public accountant in PricewaterhouseCoopers in New York. From 1991 to 2012 he worked for the 
Group, initially as an Investment Banker in Alpha Finance and from 2004 as Head of the Investment Banking 
and Project Finance Division of Alpha Bank. From 2012 to 2014, he was the Chief Executive Officer of the 
Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund (HRADF).  On 5 November 2014, he was appointed Executive 
General Manager and on 19 November 2019 he was appointed General Manager-Wholesale Banking.
Isidoros S. Passas
He was born in Thessaloniki in 1967. He holds an MSc in Mechanical Engineering from the National Technical 
University of Athens, an MBA from the City University Business School and has attended the Advanced 
Management Program at INSEAD.  He started his career in Procter & Gamble and held Director Positions in 
Marketing and Sales functions of multinational consumer goods companies. In 2000, he started his banking 
career in Eurobank.  He had been Deputy General Manager of Retail Banking Network for several years.  In 
2013, he worked as a Senior Adviser to the CEO for retail marketing distribution in Hellenic Petroleum.  He 
joined Alpha Bank in 2014.  He held the positions of Manager of Deposit and Investment Products and Greek 
Branch Network Division.  He is Vice President at the Board of Directors of AlphaLife Insurance Company 
S.A. and holds the position of Counselor at the Board of Directors of Alpha Finance.  On 4 January 2016, he 
was appointed Executive General Manager and on 19 November 2019 he was appointed General Manager-
Retail Banking.
Nicholas R. Chryssanthopoulos
He was born in Athens in 1975. He holds a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford 
University. He has worked in the Alpha Bank Group since 2000 in the areas of Investment Banking, Corporate 
Development and Strategic Planning, and has also served as adviser to the Secretary General of the Ministry

--- Page 218 ---
218
of Finance on banking matters.  From 2016 to 2019, he served as a Senior Manager in Alpha Bank’s Strategic 
Planning Unit, in charge of Group M&A and business planning.  On 14 January 2019 he was appointed 
Executive General Manager of the Issuer and on 20 May 2022 he was appointed General Manager - Chief of 
Corporate Center. 
Sergiu-Bogdan A. Oprescu
He was born in 1963. He holds a MEng Graduate degree with concentration in Avionics from the Aeronautical 
Faculty, Politehnica University of Bucharest. He acquired a postgraduate degree in Banking from the 
University of Colorado and followed multiple executive programme studies at Harvard Business School, 
Stanford and London Business School. He joined Alpha Bank Romania in 1994 and held several senior 
positions before he was appointed Executive President in 2007. He served as Chairman of the Bucharest Stock 
Exchange from 2000 to 2006 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Romanian Association of Banks 
from May 2015 to May 2021. On 11 February 2019 he was also appointed as General Manager of International 
Network.
of the Issuer and on 19 November 2019 he was appointed General Manager-Retail Banking.
Anastasia Ch. Sakellariou
She was born in 1973. She holds postgraduate degrees from the University of Reading in International Banking 
and from the University of Warwick in International Studies. She joined the Issuer with 25 years of experience 
in international banking. She began her career in London in the mid-90s, having worked at bulge bracket 
investment banking firms. In her latest international role, she was a Managing Director in investment banking 
at Credit Suisse. In 2009 she repatriated; she held a public sector role as the CEO of the Hellenic Financial 
Stability Fund at a critical time for the reshaping of the banking landscape. Before joining Alpha, she was the 
CEO and driving force behind the creation of the first digital banking platform in Greece, Praxiabank. On 1 
April 2020 she was appointed General Manager – Chief Transformation Officer.
Stefanos N. Mytilinaios
He was born in Athens in 1973. He holds a First Class degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University 
of Bristol, UK, and an MBA with Distinction from INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France. He brings onboard 
extensive international and Greek experience in technology, operations and business, having assumed 
managerial positions in Greece and abroad. He has been the Chief Technology Officer at Commercial Bank of 
Qatar and later on he was appointed General Manager, Digital Business at Piraeus Bank. Previously, he served 
as the Deputy Group CIO at Eurobank and a business consultant with McKinsey & Company, based in Athens 
and London. On 1 December 2020 he was appointed General Manager – Chief Operating Officer of the Issuer.
Fragiski G. Melissa
Fragiski Melissa was born in 1968. She studied Psychology at the National and Kapodistrian University of 
Athens and holds postgraduate degrees in Industrial/Organizational Studies from Columbia University and in 
Social Studies from the New School for Social Research. She brings 25 years of experience in human 
resources. For the past eight years she was Head of Human Resources for Vodafone in Greece and Romania 
and before that she was Regional Human Resource Director for Southeastern Europe for Colgate Palmolive. 
Earlier in her career, she led the human resources function at Makro Cash & Carry in Greece and was Senior 
Manager at KPMG. On 20 May 2022 she was appointed General Manager – Chief Human Resources Officer.
Georgios V. Michalopoulos
He was born in Athens in 1973. He studied Mathematics at the National and Kapodestrian University of Athens 
and holds a MBA in Business Administration and Finance from City University Business School. He joined 
Alpha Bank in 1994 and worked in the Treasury functions in Athens and London. He has served as Group

--- Page 219 ---
219
Treasurer and Manager of Planning & Trading and Financial Markets Divisions. He has been a Member of the 
Board of Directors of various companies in the banking, finance and insurance sectors in Greece and abroad 
for a number of years. On 4 May 2016 he was appointed Executive General Manager and on 20 May 2022 he 
was appointed General Manager Wealth Management & Treasury.
The indicative main responsibilities of the Executive Committee include, but are not limited to, the following:

prepares the strategy, business plan and annual budget of the Issuer and the Group for submission to 
and approval by the Board of Directors as well as the annual and quarterly financial statements;

decides on and manages the capital allocation to the Business Units;

prepares the ICAAP Report and the ILAAP Report;

authorises and manages the implementation of actions based on the SREP Report; 

monitors the performance of each Business Unit and subsidiary of the Issuer versus the budget and 
ensures that corrective measures are taken;;

reviews and approves the policies of the Issuer informing the Board of Directors accordingly;

approves and manages any collective program proposed by the Human Resources Unit for the 
Employees and ensures the adequacy of Resolution Planning governance, process and systems; and

is responsible for the implementation of: (i) the overall risk strategy, including the institution's risk 
appetite and its risk management framework, (ii) an adequate and effective internal governance and 
internal control framework, (iii) the selection and suitability assessment process for Key Function 
Holders, (iv) the amounts, types and distribution of both internal capital and regulatory capital and (v) 
the targets for the liquidity management.
Corporate Governance 
Corporate Governance is a system of principles and practices underlying the organization, operation and 
administration of an incorporated company, aiming to safeguard and satisfy the lawful interests of all those 
associated with the company.
The Issuer has adopted and implements the principles of corporate governance, seeking to establish 
transparency in the communication with its shareholders, executives, employees, business partners, contractors 
and suppliers, and the provision of prompt and continuous information to investors. 
In line with its constant effort to consistently respond to the expectations of its customers and of the Greek 
state, the Issuer applies the legislative and regulatory framework governing its operation.
The Corporate Governance Code
The Corporate Governance Code is sourced from international and Greek best practices and is compatible with 
applicable legislation and regulations concerning the Greek public interest entities. 
The Issuer has adopted the Hellenic Corporate Governance Code of the Hellenic Corporate Governance 
Council (the Code).
The Issuer complies with the Code, a copy of which is posted on the website of the Issuer website 
(https://www.alpha.gr/en/group/corporate-governance/corporate-governance-code).

--- Page 220 ---
220
The Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee of the Issuer: (i) monitors the 
compliance of the Issuer and the Group with the Code, ensuring appropriate application of the "comply or 
explain" principle required; and (ii) provides oversight that the implementation of this principle aligns with the 
legislation in force, the regulatory expectations and the international corporate governance best practice.
Committees of the Issuer’s Board of Directors
The Board of Directors may establish permanent or ad hoc Committees to assist it in the discharge of its 
responsibilities, facilitate its operations and effectively support its decision-making. The Committees have an 
advisory role but may also assume delegated authorities, as determined by the Board. Each Committee has its 
dedicated Charter prescribing its composition, tenure, functioning and responsibilities.
Four Committees operate at Board level, namely:

the Audit Committee;

the Risk Management Committee;

the Remuneration Committee; and

the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee.
Each Committee consists of not less than three Members.  The composition of each Committee is proposed to 
the Board of Directors by the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee taking into 
account the "Suitability and Nomination Policy for the Members of the Board of Directors and Key Function 
Holders" as well as the respective legal and regulatory framework.
The major focus of the Committees is placed on the oversight and diligence of policies, practices and 
procedures within their specific area of mandate, in the preparation of draft resolutions to be approved by the 
Board of Directors and in the submission of relevant briefings, reports, key information and recommendations 
to the Board. The Committees report regularly to the Board of Directors about their work.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has been established and operates in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations.  The determination of the type of the Audit Committee, its term of office, the 
number and the qualifications of its Members as per article 44 par. 1 case b) of law 4449/2017 were resolved 
by the Annual Extraordinary General Meeting of 22 July 2022.  The Audit Committee currently constitutes a 
Committee of the Board of Directors and the Members were appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of 22 July 2022.  It consists of a Committee Chair, who is an Independent Non-Executive Member, two 
Independent Non-Executive Members and two Non-Executive Members, whose tenure ends at the Ordinary 
General Meeting of Shareholders in 2026.  The representative of the HFSF is a Member of the Audit 
Committee.  The current Members of the Audit Committee are Carolyn G. Dittmeier (Chair), Efthimios O. 
Vidalis, Elli M. Andriopoulou, Jean L. Cheval, Johannes Herman and Frederik G. Umbgrove. 
The Members of the Committee, based on a self-assessment process, collectively possess adequate knowledge 
of the banking sector and in general the required knowledge, skills and experience to adequately discharge the 
Committee's responsibilities.  At least one Member, who is independent from the audited entity has accounting 
or auditing knowledge and experience and should always be present at the meetings regarding the approval of 
the Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
Following the conclusion of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer of 22 July 2022, 
and in accordance with article 44 of Greek Law 4449/2017, as in force, the Chair of the Audit Committee was 
appointed by the Committee Members at the Audit Committee meeting of 22 July 2022.  Finally, the majority 
of the Members are Independent Non-Executive Members.

--- Page 221 ---
221
The specific duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set out in its Charter which was approved 
by the Issuer’s Board of Directors in December 2022 and is posted on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.alpha.gr/en/group/corporate-governance/commitees). 
The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, but are not limited to, those presented below.
The Audit Committee:

monitors and assesses the adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency of the Internal Control System 
(including ESG procedures) of the Issuer and the Group based on reports by the Internal Audit 
Division, findings of the external auditors, the supervisors and the tax authorities as well as 
management information, as appropriate;

monitors the financial reporting process of the Issuer and the Group and submits recommendations or 
proposals to ensure its integrity;

performs the oversight of the financial reporting processes and procedures for drawing up the Annual 
and Interim Financial Statements of the Issuer and the Group, in accordance with the applicable 
accounting standards;

reviews the quarterly, semi-annual and annual Financial Statements of the Issuer and the Group, 
together with the Statutory Auditors' Report where applicable and the Board of Directors' Annual 
Management Report prior to their submission to the Board of Directors for approval;

assists the Board of Directors in ensuring the independent, objective and effective conduct of internal 
and external audits of the Issuer;

assists the Board of Directors in overseeing the effectiveness and performance of the Internal Audit 
Division and of the Compliance Division of the Issuer and of the respective Units across the Group;

meets with the statutory certified auditors of the Issuer on a regular basis;

is responsible for the procedure for the selection of the Statutory Certified Auditors of the Issuer and 
the Group and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors on the appointment or dismissal, 
rotation, tenure and remuneration of the Statutory Certified Auditors, according to the relevant 
regulatory and legal provisions;

monitors the independence of the Statutory Certified Auditors in accordance with the applicable laws, 
which includes reviewing, inter alia, the provision by them of Non-Audit Services to the Issuer and 
the Group. In relation to this, the Audit Committee examines and approves all proposals regarding the 
provision by the Statutory Certified Auditor of Non-Audit Services to the Issuer and the Group, based 
on the relevant policy that the Audit Committee oversees and recommends to the Board of Directors 
for approval; and

performs the oversight of the Sustainability Report and Non-Financial Information reporting, 
including sustainability and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) disclosures.
The Audit Committee convenes generally on a monthly basis, adding meetings on an as-needed basis.  It may 
invite any Member of the Management or Executive, as well as external auditors to attend its meetings.  The 
Head of Internal Audit and the Head of Compliance are regular attendees of the Committee meetings and have 
unhindered access to the Chair and to the Members.
The Audit Committee keeps minutes of its meetings and the Chair of the Audit Committee regularly informs 
the Board of Directors of the work of the Audit Committee.

--- Page 222 ---
222
The Chair of the Audit Committee submits to the Board of Directors and to the General Meeting of 
Shareholders a formal annual activity report on the work of the Audit Committee conducted during the 
previous year.
Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee has been established and operates in accordance with all applicable laws 
and regulations.  It consists of a Committee Chair who is an Independent Non-Executive Member, four 
Independent Non-Executive Members and one Non-Executive Member.  The representative of the HFSF is a 
Member of the Risk Management Committee.  The Members of the current Risk Management Committee 
were appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 22 July 2022. 
The Risk Management Committee has been established and operates in accordance with all applicable laws 
and regulations.  It consists of a Committee Chair who is an Independent Non-Executive Member, four 
Independent Non-Executive Members and one Non-Executive Member.  The representative of the HFSF is a 
Member of the Risk Management Committee.  The Members of the current Risk Management Committee 
were appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 22 July 2022. 
The current Members of the Risk Management Committee are Jean L. Cheval (Chair), Aspasia F. Palimeri, 
Dimitris C. Tsitsiragos, Richard R. Gildea, Elanor R. Hardwick and Johannes Herman Frederik G. Umbgrove.   
All the Members of the Committee have prior experience in the financial services sector and, individually and 
collectively, appropriate knowledge, skills and expertise concerning risk management and control practices. 
At least one Member (the NPL Expert) should have solid risk and capital management experience as well as 
familiarity with the local and the international regulatory framework. 
One Member is in charge of overseeing ESG issues.
The Risk Management Committee:

reviews regularly and recommends to the Board of Directors for approval the risk and capital 
management strategy, ensuring alignment with the business objectives of the Issuer and the Group. In 
this context, the Risk Management Committee considers the adequacy of the technical (e.g. modelling 
tools, IT systems, etc.) and human resources available to implement the risk and capital strategy and 
ensures the communication of key aspects of the risk strategy throughout the Group;

reviews and recommends annually to the Board of Directors for approval the Group's risk appetite 
framework and statement, considering also ESG risks, i.e. the risks of any negative financial impact 
to the Issuer stemming from the current or prospective impacts of ESG factors on its counterparties, 
such as climate-related risks, and ensuring alignment with the Group's strategic objectives and capital 
allocation. In this context, the Committee sets the Issuer’s risk capacity, portfolio limits and tolerance 
in all key areas of the Issuer’s activity.  The risk appetite framework should be clearly communicated 
throughout the Group and articulated / monitored via a set of metrics;

determines the principles which govern risk management across the Issuer and the Group in terms of 
the identification, measurement, monitoring, control, and mitigation of risks;

recommends to the Board of Directors for approval Issuer-wide and Group-wide high-level policies 
on the management of credit, market, liquidity, operational and other risks, including but not limited 
to the provisioning and the write-off policies.  It also reviews policies potentially affected by ESG 
risks, including the (credit) policies for each sector and product.

--- Page 223 ---
223

evaluates on an annual basis or more frequently, if necessary, the appropriateness of risk identification 
and measurement systems, methodologies and models, including the capacity of the Issuer’s IT 
infrastructure to record, report, aggregate and process risk-related information;

reviews regularly, at least annually, the Group's ICAAP / ILAAP and related target ratios and 
recommends their approval to the Board of Directors; 

assesses the overall effectiveness of capital planning, allocation processes and systems, and the 
allocation of capital requirements to risk types; and

collaborates with other Board Committees in relation to ESG issues.
The CRO, while administratively reporting to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), shall report functionally to 
the Board of Directors through the Committee.
The Risk Management Committee convenes at least once a month and may invite any Member of the Group's 
Management or Executive to attend its meetings. The CRO is a regular attendee of the Risk Management 
Committee meetings and has unhindered access to the Chair and the Members.
The Risk Management Committee keeps minutes of its meetings and the Chair of the Risk Management 
Committee regularly informs the Board of Directors of the work of the Committee.
The Chair of the Risk Management Committee submits to the Board of Directors a formal annual report on the 
work of the Risk Management Committee conducted during the previous year.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors has been established and operates in accordance with 
all applicable laws and regulations.  It consists of a Committee Chair who is an Independent Non-Executive 
Member, two Independent Non-Executive Members and one Non-Executive Member.  The representative of 
the HFSF is a Member of the Remuneration Committee.  The Members of the current Remuneration 
Committee were appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 22 July 2022.  The current Members 
of the Remuneration Committee are Richard R. Gildea (Chair), Aspasia F. Palimeri, Dimitris C. Tsitsiragos 
and Johannes Herman Frederik G. Umbgrove.
The Members of the Committee have collectively appropriate knowledge, skills and professional experience 
concerning remuneration policies and practices, risk management and control activities as well as concerning 
the risks that can arise therefrom.  At least one Member should have sufficient professional experience in risk 
management.
The specific duties and responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are set out in its Charter which was 
approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors in December 2022 and is posted on the website of the Issuer  
(https://www.alpha.gr/en/group/corporate-governance/commitees).
The main responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include, but are not limited to, those presented 
below.
The Remuneration Committee:

assists the Board of Directors in ensuring that the Group Remuneration Policy is consistent with the 
values, culture, business strategy, risk appetite and strategic objectives of the Issuer and the Group 
taking into account Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks that affect the business 
environment in the short, medium or long term;

--- Page 224 ---
224

provides its support and advice to the Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors on the design 
of the Remuneration Policy for the Issuer and the Group, including that such remuneration policy is 
gender neutral according to the relevant legislative and regulatory provisions, supports the equal 
treatment of staff, promotes inclusiveness and respects diversity in general;

recommends to the Non-Executive Members the remuneration of the Members of the Board of 
Directors;

reviews and advises on fixed salaries, benefits and the total remuneration within the Issuer;

reviews the variable remuneration framework. Recommends to the Board of Directors for approval 
variable remuneration schemes for Employees across the Issuer and the Group and proposes the total 
envelope for variable remuneration across the Issuer and the Group;

oversees the evaluation process for Senior Executives and Key Function Holders, ensuring that it is 
implemented adequately and in accordance with the provisions of the respective policy; and

reviews and reports, at least annually, findings on remuneration data from the Issuer and the Group, 
concerning all the elements of remuneration provided by the Human Resources Function to the 
Committee with a view to monitoring the consistent application of the Remuneration Policy, assessing 
alignment with corporate goals and ensuring that the remuneration program is completely aligned with 
the risk appetite framework.
The Remuneration Committee convenes at least quarterly per year and may invite any Member of the 
Management or Executive to attend its meetings. The Head of Human Resources is a regular attendee of the 
Committee meetings.
The Remuneration Committee keeps minutes of its meetings and the Chair of the Remuneration Committee 
regularly informs the Board of Directors of the work of the Committee. 
The Chair of the Remuneration Committee also submits to the Board of Directors a formal annual report on 
the work of the Committee conducted during the previous year.
In accordance with article 10 para 3 of the HFSF Law, and for as long as the Issuer is subject to the provisions 
of the HFSF Law, the annual compensation for each Member of the Board of Directors cannot exceed the total 
remuneration of the Governor of the Bank of Greece.
Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee
The Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee of the Board of Directors has been 
established and operates in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. It consists of a Committee 
Chair who is an Independent Non-Executive Member, three Independent Non-Executive Members and two 
Non-Executive Members.  The representative of the HFSF is a Member of the Corporate Governance, 
Sustainability and Nominations Committee.  The Members of the current Corporate Governance, 
Sustainability and Nominations Committee were appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 22 July 
2022. 
The current Members of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee are Elanor R. 
Hardwick (Chair), Efthimios O. Vidalis, Elli M. Andriopoulou, Carolyn G. Dittmeier, Shahzad A. Shahbaz 
and Johannes Herman Frederik G. Umbgrove.
The Committee ensures and regularly evaluates that its Members collectively possess the required knowledge, 
skills and experience relating to sustainability and ESG issues as well as to the business of the Issuer to assess 
the appropriate composition of the Board of Directors and, among others, the selection process and suitability

--- Page 225 ---
225
requirements to adequately discharge the Committee's responsibilities. At least one Member is in charge of 
overseeing ESG issues. Therefore, the Board of Directors appointed Ms. C.G. Dittmeier, Independent Non-
Executive Member, as the Member in charge of overseeing ESG issues.
The specific duties and responsibilities of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations 
Committee are set out in its Charter which was approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors in December 2022 
and is posted on the website of the Issuer (https://www.alpha.gr/en/group/corporate-governance/commitees).
The main responsibilities of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee include, 
but are not limited to, those presented below.
The Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee:

monitors the compliance of the Issuer and the Group with the pertinent Hellenic Corporate Governance 
Code to which the Issuer adheres, ensuring appropriate application of the "comply or explain" principle 
required, provides oversight that the implementation of this principle aligns with the legislation in 
force, the regulatory expectations and the international corporate governance best practice;

facilitates the regular review of the Charters of the Board Committees, in consultation with the relevant 
Committees, by providing input to each Committee in order to ensure that the Charters remain fit-for-
purpose and align with the Hellenic Corporate Governance Code as well as with corporate governance 
best practices;

assists the Board of Directors in establishing the conditions required for effective succession and 
continuity in the Board of Directors;

develops and regularly reviews the selection criteria and the appointment process for the Members of 
the Board of Directors;

identifies and recommends for the approval of the Board of Directors candidates to fill vacancies, 
according to the "Suitability and Nomination Policy for the Members of the Board of Directors and 
Key Function Holders", evaluates the balance of knowledge, skills, diversity and experience of the 
Board of Directors and prepares a description of the roles and capabilities for a particular appointment 
and assesses the time commitment expected;

assesses periodically, and at least annually, the structure, size, composition and performance of the 
Board of Directors and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors with regard to any changes; 

assesses periodically, and at least annually, the knowledge, skills and experience of each Member of 
the Board of Directors and of the Board of Directors collectively and reports to the Board of Directors 
accordingly;

oversees the design and implementation of the induction program for new Members of the Board of 
Directors as well as the ongoing knowledge and skills development for Members, which support the 
effective discharge of their responsibilities;

reviews at least semi-annually current and emerging trends and regulatory developments in ESG issues 
that may significantly affect the Issuer’s activities, highlighting to the Board of Directors areas that 
may require actions;

oversees the implementation of the Issuer’s policies on ESG issues; and

--- Page 226 ---
226

ensures that there is adequate implementation of the Executive succession planning process and keeps 
a registry of all successors developed for Senior Executive positions, as per the provisions of the 
"Policy for the Succession Planning of Senior Executives and Key Function Holders".
The Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee convenes at least quarterly per year 
and may invite any Member of the Management or Executive to attend its meetings. 
The Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee keeps minutes of its meetings and the 
Chair of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee regularly informs the Board 
of Directors of the work of the Committee.
The Chair of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability and Nominations Committee also submits to the Board 
of Directors a formal annual report on the work of the Committee conducted during the previous year.
General Manager level Management Committees of the Issuer 
In addition to the aforementioned committees of the Board of Directors, the Issuer also has General Manager-
level Management Committees. 
Relationships and Other Activities 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons listed above pertaining to the 
Issuer and their private interests. 
HFSF Influence
The HFSF acquired its participation in Alpha Holdings (then operating as a licensed credit institution under 
the name "Alpha Bank S.A.") by providing recapitalisation funds in the 2013 share capital increase. The HFSF, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, holds 9 per cent. of Alpha Holdings' aggregate common share capital, 
but is only able to exercise voting rights in respect of both Alpha Holdings subject to certain statutory 
restrictions.
For information on the New RFA and on the relevant rights of the HFSF prior and subsequent to the Hive 
Down, see "Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece—The HFSF".

--- Page 227 ---
227
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP
The selected consolidated financial information of the Issuer set out below is extracted from the reviewed 
condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Alpha Holdings (produced in accordance with IFRS) 
as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 and the audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for year ended 31 December 2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS.  The notes and audit reports 
in respect of these financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus — see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Amounts in thousands of Euro)
30.9.2022
31.12.2021
ASSETS 
 
Cash and balances with central banks
12,244,408
11,803,344
Due from banks
1,345,384
2,964,059
Trading securities
17,274
4,826
Derivative financial assets
2,164,496
960,216
Loans and advances to customers
38,861,882
36,864,822
Investment securities
 
- Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
1,365,156
6,050,143
- Measured at fair value through profit or loss
73,071
78,578
- Measured at amortized cost
10,908,259
3,752,748
Investments in associates and joint ventures
102,252
68,267
Investment property
258,438
425,432
Property, plant and equipment
520,331
737,790
Goodwill and other intangible assets
465,357
477,809
Deferred tax assets
5,253,643
5,416,071
Other assets
1,414,894
1,489,194
 
74,994,845
71,093,299
Assets classified as held for sale
1,558,043
1,378,526
Total Assets 
76,552,888
72,471,825
LIABILITIES
Due to banks
14,360,325
13,983,661
Derivative financial liabilities
2,316,258
1,288,405
Due to customers
50,142,837
47,018,386
Debt securities in issue and other borrowed funds
2,469,454
2,606,871
Liabilities for current income tax and other taxes
13,382
24,407
Deferred tax liabilities
20,459
18,772
Employee defined benefit obligations
29,382
29,409
Other liabilities
995,397
879,439
Provisions
148,495
161,725
 
70,495,989
66,011,075
Liabilities related to assets classified as held for sale
11,041
607,657
Total Liabilities
70,507,030
66,618,732
EQUITY
 
Equity attributable to holders of the Company
 
Share capital
5,188,999
5,188,999
Share premium
1,044,000
1,044,000
Reserves
(162,899)
(105,816)
Amounts directly recognized in equity and associated with assets classified as 
held for sale
15,127

--- Page 228 ---
228
Retained earnings
(41,208)
(318,649)
 
6,028,892
5,823,661
Non-controlling interests
16,966
29,432
Total Equity
6,045,858
5,853,093
Total Liabilities and Equity
76,552,888
72,471,825

--- Page 229 ---
229
OVERVIEW OF THE BANKING SERVICES SECTOR IN GREECE
In 2021, Greek GDP increased by 8.4 per cent. compared to 2020.  Private and public consumption, gross fixed 
capital formation and net exports of goods and services contributed positively to GDP, whereas inventories 
contributed negatively.  This development can be attributed, firstly, to the strong increase of private 
consumption, driven by the sharp increase in savings accumulated during the pandemic and the significant 
gains in employment secondly, to the rise in investment, especially in machinery and technological equipment 
and, thirdly, to the higher-than-expected performance of exports of services, due to the remarkable recovery 
of tourism in the summer of 2021.
In the first nine months of 2022, output expanded by 5.9 per cent. on an annual basis.  Private consumption 
and investment added 6.5 pps and 1.3 pps respectively, to overall output growth.  Net exports weighed down 
the overall growth figure, subtracting 1.5 pps, as the rise in imports (12 per cent. year on year), primarily of 
goods (14.1 per cent. year on year), offset the rise in exports (9.5 per cent. year on year).  Solid growth 
dynamics in the first nine months of the year, supported by strong performance in tourism (9 months 2022 
travel receipts: €15.6 billion), the material rise in foreign direct investment and the ongoing decline in 
unemployment, reflect the resilience of the Greek economy to adverse external developments following the 
war in Ukraine, supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures.
In the first nine months of 2022, the Greek banks registered profits after taxes of €3.4 billion, compared to a 
loss after taxes in the equivalent period of 2021 of €4.4 billion, mainly due to non-recurring revenues and the 
reduction of operating expenses and  provisions related to NPL transactions (Source: Bank of Greece, Interim 
Monetary Policy Report, December 2022).  In terms of capital adequacy for Greek banks, the Common Equity 
Tier I (CET1) ratio and the Capital Adequacy Ratio on a consolidated basis remained at satisfactory levels 
(13.5 per cent. and 16.2 per cent., respectively) on 30 September 2022, although the first retreated compared 
to December 2021, whereas the second remained unchanged (Source: Bank of Greece, Interim Monetary 
Policy Report, December 2022).  With a fully phased-in impact from International Financial Reporting 
Standard 9 (IFRS 9), the CET1 ratio and the Capital Adequacy Ratio reached 12.3 per cent. and 15 per cent., 
respectively (Source: Bank of Greece, Interim Monetary Policy Report, December 2022). 
Liquidity conditions have continued to improve in the Greek banking system, as private sector deposits 
amounted to €185.5 billion in September 2022, increasing by €41.5 billion (cumulative net cash flows) 
compared to December 2019, of which household deposits were €138.8 billion and business deposits were 
€46.7 billion (Source: Bank of Greece, Bank Credit and Deposits: November 2022).  Total deposits in the 
banking system (private sector and general government deposits) amounted to €194.6 billion in September 
2022, representing an annual increase of 6.1 per cent. (Source: Bank of Greece, Bank Credit and Deposits: 
November 2022).  The main drivers leading to the increase of deposits in the banking system were the increase 
of "forced" savings (due to lockdown measures in force in 2020-2021), the increase of "precautionary" savings 
(due to high uncertainty for the future), the measures adopted by the Greek government to support the economy 
(e.g. direct state aid credited into corporate accounts in order to support liquidity, and the use of moratoria on 
loan and tax obligations etc.), as well as the rise in employment.
The outstanding amount of credit to the domestic private sector amounted to €114.1 billion at the end of 
September 2022, with the annual rate of change standing at 6 per cent. (Source: Bank of Greece, Bank Credit 
and Deposits: November 2022).  More specifically, the annual rate change of credit to non-financial 
corporations stood at 12.3 per cent. and the monthly net flow was positive by €745 million, compared with a 
positive net flow of €437 million in the previous month (Source: Bank of Greece, Bank Credit and Deposits: 
November 2022). In parallel, Greek banks continued to draw significant resources from the Eurosystem, while 
they were also facilitated by the supervisory measures of the SSM.  Funding from the Eurosystem increased 
sharply from €7.6 billion in February 2020 to €50.7 billion in September 2022 (Source: Bank of Greece 
Monthly Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account for financial year 2022, Table).  The banks continued 
lending to the real economy with the support mainly of the Hellenic Development Bank programmes.

--- Page 230 ---
230
The outstanding amount of NPLs decreased further in the first nine months of 2022. Total NPL stock (solo 
basis) for the domestic banking system at the end of September 2022 amounted to €14.6 billion, compared to 
€20.9 billion at the end of September 2021 (Source: Bank of Greece, NPLs Time Series September 2022).  As 
a result, the NPL ratio decreased to 9.7 per cent. in September 2022 (Source: Bank of Greece, NPLs Time 
Series, September 2022).  The ratios for mortgages (10.4 per cent.) and the business loans portfolio (8.9 per 
cent.) performed better, compared to the respective ratio for the consumer loans portfolio (18.5 per cent.) 
(Source: Bank of Greece, NPLs Time Series, September 2022). 
Today 36 banks operate in Greece, of which nine are commercial banks, six are cooperative banks and 21 are 
branches of foreign banks (Source: Bank of Greece, List of credit institutions operating in Greece, December 
2022).

--- Page 231 ---
231
THE MORTGAGE AND HOUSING MARKET IN GREECE
The size of the Greek mortgage market has grown rapidly from a relatively low percentage of GDP, partly due 
to the process of convergence of the Greek economy to achieve integration into the European Monetary Union.  
The residential mortgage market grew by on average annual growth rate of 22.5 per cent. from 2000 to 2010.  
Since then, due to the adverse macroeconomic environment, market outstandings have been decreasing at an 
average annual rate of -3.3 per cent.  At the end of 2016, the four largest lenders in the Greek residential 
mortgage market were the National Bank of Greece, the Issuer, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank, together 
accounting for almost 100 per cent. of the total market.
Mortgage Products
Currently, all banks offer the following mortgage products:

long-term fixed rate mortgages;

floating rate mortgages, based on the EURIBOR 3 months; and

mortgages with a fixed rate for an initial period (for example 5, 10, 15 or 20 years) converting to a 
floating rate thereafter.  At the expiry of the initial period, most banks also offer customers the option 
to choose one of the then applicable fixed rates; and 

preferential floating rate mortgages granted in favour of the banks’ employees.
Typically, mortgage loans have a term of 15 to 30 years, with a maximum term of 35 years. 
The Greek Housing Market
Traditionally, real estate has been the primary savings vehicle for Greek households, representing by now a 
large share of household wealth.  This implies a relatively low turnover in the market, which is enhanced due 
to culturally strong family ties, which makes a virtue of children remaining in their parents' house until they 
get married and purchase a house of their own, as well as because there is virtually no buy-to-let market in 
Greece.  As a result, owner occupancy is one of the highest in the EU although it tends to be overstated due to 
many people owning family houses in villages in which their family used to live before migrating to the cities.  
Within Greece, home ownership is highest in the regions and lowest in Athens, as would be expected.  Second 
home ownership is also very high.
It is worth noting the revival in residential investment, which recorded increases during 2018, for the first time 
since 2007. The positive dynamics of residential investment during 2018 synchronized with the recovery of 
residential real estate prices (2018: +1.5 per cent.), relating also to the marked development of the short-term 
rental market over the past years via home-sharing economy (e.g. Airbnb and HomeAway platforms).
The average age of new borrowers is in the early 40s, indicating that young people prefer to reach a state of 
financial stability before investing in their own house.
Apartments are the most common type of residential property available, with townhouses and detached houses 
being prevalent to the more affluent city areas.
Security for Housing Loans
In Greece, security for housing loans is created by establishing a mortgage or a pre-notation of a mortgage.  A 
mortgage can be established usually by a notarial deed, which is, however, quite costly and therefore not 
preferred among banks and borrowers (or by a judicial decision, or by law in special cases).

--- Page 232 ---
232
Instead, in most cases, banks obtain a pre-notation of a mortgage, which is an injunction over the property 
entitling its beneficiary to obtain a mortgage as soon as a final judgment for the secured claim has been 
obtained, but which is valid as of the date of the pre-notation.  From the point of view of enforceability, ranking 
of the security and preferred right to the proceeds of the auction, there is no difference between a holder of 
mortgage and a holder of a pre-notation of a mortgage, since the latter is treated as a secured creditor of the 
property.  Both the holder of a pre-notation of a mortgage and a mortgagee need an enforcement right before 
commencing enforcement procedures.  The difference between them is that the pre-notation is a conditional 
security interest whose preferential treatment is subject to the un-appealable adjudication of the claim it 
purports to secure, whereas a mortgagee's claim is enforceable pursuant to the mortgage deed itself.
Establishing a pre-notation is the most common way of establishing security for a housing loan in Greece.  The 
pre-notation, as a form of injunction, can be established with or without the consent of the owner(s) of the 
property on which the mortgage will be secured, but is only granted pursuant to a court decision.
The procedures adopted by lenders of housing loans in practice has led to an arrangement whereby pre-
notations are granted "by consent": where both the lending bank and the borrower appear before the competent 
court and consent to the establishment of the pre-notation on the specific real estate property.  The court issues 
the decision immediately (in fact, the decision is drafted beforehand by the lending bank and is certified and 
signed by the judge who hears the claim).
Having certified the court decision and a summary thereof, the lawyer of the lending bank takes them to the 
Cadastre or the Land Registry, where applicable, along with a written request for the issuance (by the Cadastre 
and/or the Land Registry) of certificates confirming:
(a)
the ownership by the borrower of the mortgaged property;
(b)
the registration and class of the pre-notation;
(c)
the absence of (judicially raised) claims of third parties against the current and all previous owner(s) 
of the mortgaged property; and
(d)
any other mortgages, pre-notations or seizures preceding the pre-notation registered by the bank.
At the same time the bank's lawyer effects a search in the Cadastre and/or the Land Registry, where applicable, 
in order to confirm the uncontested ownership of the borrower and the first priority nature of the mortgage or 
pre-notation, before the loan can be disbursed.
Once the certificates are issued, they are reviewed by the bank's legal department and are included in the 
borrower's file.  The legal review of both the ownership titles and the pre-notation registration is based on 
public documents, i.e. on notarial deeds and certificates issued by the competent land registries or cadastres.  
The history of the ownership titles for the previous 20 years is examined (which is the period for adverse 
possession).  Such a review together with a titles search in the Cadastre and/or the Land Registry, where 
applicable, precedes the approval of the loan.  Upon registration of the pre-notation, a second titles search is 
made to confirm the status quo.
Enforcing Security
Article 1 of Greek law 4335/2015 has brought significant amendments, inter alia, to the enforcement 
provisions of the Greek Code of Civil Procedure, which came into effect as of 1 January 2016.
Once a loan agreement is in default and terminated, a letter is served on the borrower and on the guarantors 
(the Debtors), if any, informing them of this fact and requesting the persons indebted to pay all amounts due.  
Following notification and in the case of continued non-payment, a judge of the competent First Instance Court 
or Magistrate’s Court is presented with the case upon which the judge issues an order for payment to be served

--- Page 233 ---
233
on the borrower together with a demand for immediate payment.  Service of the order and demand for payment 
is the first action of enforcement proceedings.  Three working days after serving the payment order and 
demand, the property can be seized and the auction process starts (see below for a description of the auction 
process).
The Debtor, after being served the order for payment, is granted 15 working days (or 30 working days if the 
Debtor is of an unknown address or resides abroad) to contest the validity of the order for payment, either on 
the merits of the case or on the ground of procedural irregularities.  This can be done by filing an Article 632 
Annulment Petition before the Court of First Instance or Magistrate’s Court.  At the same time, the borrower 
can file an Article 632 Suspension Petition for the suspension of the enforcement proceedings as a provisional 
measure.  At the time of filing the Article 632 Suspension Petition, in most cases, immediate suspension is 
granted up until the hearing of the suspension petition.  If the court decides that the arguments in the Article 
632 Suspension Petition are correct and reasonable, the suspension of enforcement will be granted to the 
petitioner until the issue of the decision on the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition.  If the judge decides that 
the Article 632 Suspension Petition has no grounds and rejects this, the suspended enforcement procedures can 
continue.  Suspension of enforcement against a Debtor of an unknown address or residing abroad is granted 
by law during the 30 day period to file an Article 632 Annulment Petition. If the Debtor has not filed an Article 
632 Annulment Petition and subsequent suspension in the first 15 working days, then the bank may again serve 
the order for payment whereby a second period of 15 working days, is granted to the Debtor to contest the 
payment order.  Failure to contest the order for payment will result in the bank acquiring a final deed of 
enforcement and then the pre-notation is converted to a mortgage.
The Debtor may also file with the relevant First Instance Court an Article 933 Annulment Petition of certain 
actions of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order for payment or 
the relevant claims and to procedural irregularities.  Both Article 632 Annulment Petition and Article 933 
Annulment Petitions may be filed either concurrently or consecutively, but it should be noted that the Article 
933 Annulment Petition may not be based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order for payment, once 
the order of payment has become final as mentioned above.  The time for the filing of an Article 933 Annulment 
Petition varies depending on the foreclosure action that is being contested.
According to the provisions of Law 4335/2015, the ability of the Debtor to challenge the compulsory 
enforcement actions, which are carried out by the creditor, is significantly restricted.  In particular, by virtue 
of the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure, as in force until 31 December 2015, the Debtor was entitled 
to challenge separately each compulsory enforcement action and as a result the completion of the enforcement 
procedure was significantly delayed.  However, by virtue of Law 4335/2015, the Debtor is entitled to oppose 
to defects of the compulsory enforcement procedure in just two stages: the first one is set before the auction 
and is related to any reason of invalidity of the claim and the compulsory enforcement actions carried out 
before the auction, whereas the second one is set after the auction until the publication of the seizure report 
and is related to any defects, which arose from the auction until the awarding.  In case that the compulsory 
enforcement procedure is based on a court’s judgment or payment order, the litigant parties are only entitled 
to file an appeal issued against the judgment, which has been issued in relation to the Article 933 Annulment 
Petition.  The possibility to file an appeal in cassation against the decision is abolished.
The filing of an Article 933 Annulment Petition entitles the Debtor to file a Suspension Petition in relation to 
the enforcement.  In particular, if the Suspension Petition relates to the suspension of the auction, such petition 
should be filed at the latest fifteen (15) days before the date of the auction and the decision on the Suspension 
Petition must be issued at the latest by 12.00 p.m. on Monday prior to the auction date, provided that the Debtor 
pays at least one quarter of the claimed capital and the enforcement expenses and also that there is no risk for 
the creditor’s interests, on the grounds that the Debtor will be able to satisfy the enforcing party or that, 
following the suspension period, a better offer would be achieved at auction.
The actual auction process starts with seizure of the property, which takes place 3 working days after the order 
for payment is served on the Debtor.  The seizure statement that is issued by the bailiff who performs it, 
contains the auction date which, in respect of demands for immediate payment served to the Debtor after

--- Page 234 ---
234
1 January 2016, should take place within seven months from the date of completion of the seizure and in any 
case no later than eight months from the completion of the seizure (or within a deadline of three months since 
the continuation statement, in case the auction does not take place on the initial date and place and the notary 
public who will act as the auction clerk).  At this point all mortgagees (including those holding a pre-notation 
of mortgage) are informed of the upcoming auction.
The minimum auction price is determined within the statement of the court bailiff and can be contested by the 
Debtor or any other lender at the latest fifteen (15) working days before the auction date.  The relevant court’s 
decision should be published at the latest by 12.00 p.m. eight (8) days before the auction date.  The minimum 
auction price as regards the movable property cannot be less than 2/3 of the estimated value of the property 
(according to article 993 par. 2 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, in conjunction with article 954 par. 2 of 
the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as amended and in force) and as regards the immovable property, the 
minimum auction price cannot be less than the seized immovable property’s “market value”.  For demands for 
immediate payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016, the market value of the seized immoveable 
property is taken into account for the estimation of the value of the seized immoveable property.  The market 
value of the seized immoveable property is calculated in accordance with Presidential Decree 59/2016 pursuant 
to which, the market value is determined by the relevant bailiff who appoints a certified appraiser (natural or 
legal person included in the Record of certified appraisers kept with the Ministry of Finance) for this purpose. 
The latter submits to the bailiff an appraisal report in accordance with the European or international recognized 
appraising standards and in accordance with the Code of Conduct issued by the Bank of Greece on the 
management of non-performing loans. Appraisal’s fees are borne by the creditor initiating the enforcement 
proceedings but ultimately burden the Debtor.
In the auction, the property is sold to the highest bidder who then has ten (10) working days to pay the auction 
price along with the fees for the use of the electronic auctioning platform which burden the highest bidder. 
Once the price of the property is paid, the notary public prepares a special deed listing all the creditors and 
allocating the proceeds of the auction. Each bidder must submit a bank guarantee or banker’s draft for an 
amount equal to 30 per cent of the starting price of the auctioned property and declare his/her attendance in 
the auction by 15.00, two (2) working days prior to the auction date. On the date of preceding the auction date, 
by 17.00, the auction clerk registers with electronic auction platform a list of the bidders entitled to participate 
in the auction. Pursuant to Article 966 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, if no bidders appear at the auction, 
the immovable property is awarded at the minimum auction price to the person in favour of whom the 
enforcement proceedings were initiated, upon the latter’s request. The hearing of such request shall 
mandatorily be scheduled as a matter of priority within eight (8) working days from the date of filing and it 
shall be served at least three (3) working days before the hearing date. A recent evaluation report of the auction 
property, dated after the date of the last auction shall be submitted on the hearing date before the competent 
Court. The relevant decision must be issued within eight (8) working days from the hearing. If no such request 
is submitted, a repetitive auction takes place within forty (40) days. If such repetitive auction is unsuccessful, 
the competent court, upon request of persons having legal interest, may order the conduct of another auction 
within thirty (30) days, at the same or a reduced auction price or allow the sale of the property to the person in 
favour of whom the enforcement proceedings were initiated or to third persons at a price determined by the 
court, which may also provide that part of the consideration may be paid in instalments. Following two 
unsuccessful auctions, a petition may be filed by any interested party for a new auction date to be set, with the 
same or a lower fixed first price, or for a permission for a direct sale of the property at a price to be determined 
by the Court (in accordance with article 966 par. 2, as amended by article 23 of Greek law 4549/2018).
Each creditor must announce its claim to the notary public by no later than fifteen (15) days after the auction 
and submit all documents proving such claims, otherwise the notary public will not take his claim into account.  
Once the allocation of proceeds amongst the creditors of the Debtor has been determined pursuant to a deed 
issued by a notary public, the creditors of the Debtor may dispute the allocation and file a petition contesting 
the deed pursuant to Article 979 in conjunction with Article 933 of the Code of Civil Procedure. The competent 
Court of First Instance adjudicates the matter, but the relevant creditor is entitled to appeal against the decision 
to the Court of Appeal. The hearing date of the petition contesting such deed must be obligatory set within

--- Page 235 ---
235
sixty (60) days from its filing (or within 120 days in case of the creditor residing abroad). This procedure may 
delay the collection of proceeds. This can further delay the time at which the Issuer finally receives the 
proceeds of the enforcement of the relevant property. However, the law provides that a creditor is entitled to 
the payment of its claim even if its allocation priority is subject to a challenge provided that such creditor 
provides a letter of guarantee securing repayment of the money in the event that such challenge is upheld. Once 
the list of creditors is confirmed and adjudicated, the proceeds are distributed accordingly to the deed setting 
out the allocation of proceeds in accordance with 975, 976, 977 and 977A of the Greek Civil procedure. In 
addition, mandatory suspension for all enforcement procedures, including auctions, between 1 and 31 August 
of each year and prohibition of auctions of real properties on the Wednesday before and after the date of any 
national, municipal or European elections.
Following the amendment of the Greek Civil Procedure Code by Greek law 4512/2018, as from 21 February 
2018 onwards, the auction takes place exclusively through the use of electronic means, in particular through 
the use of the electronic auction platform (e-auctions.gr), under the responsibility of a certified notary public 
of the district of the seized property (or if not available for any reason, of the district of the execution place or, 
if not available for any reason, before any Athens notary public) under the responsibility of a competent notary 
public acting as auction clerk.  The relevant process is detailed in article 959 of the Greek Civil Procedure 
Code, as replaced by article 207 par. 6 of the Greek law 4512/2018.
Further regulatory considerations
Suspension of Enforcement Proceedings 
There are various provisions of Greek law which could result in enforcement proceedings against a Borrower 
being delayed or suspended.  Enforcement proceedings are usually commenced against a Borrower in respect 
of a Loan once it becomes 180 Days in Arrears, at which point the Loan is terminated.  An order of payment 
is obtained from the Judge of the competent Court of First Instance following service of the notice of 
termination of the Loan on the Borrower and non-payment by the Borrower.  Enforcement is commenced by 
service of the order for payment and a demand to pay on the Borrower, with the ultimate target being the 
collection of the proceeds of the auction of the relevant property securing the Loan.  See for further details 
"Enforcing Security" above.
However, a Borrower may delay enforcement against the relevant property by contesting the order for payment 
and/or the procedure for enforcement which in turn will delay the receipt of proceeds from enforcement against 
the property by the Issuer after the relevant Loan has been terminated.  A Borrower can file a petition of 
annulment against the order for payment pursuant to Articles 632-633 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (an 
Article 632-633 Annulment Petition) with the Court of First Instance or Magistrate’s Court within 15 
business days after service of the order for payment contesting the substantive or procedural validity of the 
order of payment.  If the Borrower fails to contest the order for payment (or within 30 business days if the 
Borrower is of an unknown address or resides abroad), the order may be served again on the Borrower and a 
further 15 business days are available to the Borrower to file an Article 632-633 Annulment Petition.  The 
order for payment will be final either if both terms of 15 business days elapse or if the Court of Appeal rejects 
the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition.  Suspension of enforcement against a Borrower of an unknown 
address or residing abroad is granted by law during the thirty-day period to file an Article 632-633 Annulment 
Petition.
The filing of an Article 632-633 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a petition for suspension of 
the enforcement against the relevant property pursuant to Article 632 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code (an 
Article 632 Suspension Petition).  Upon filing an Article 632 Suspension Petition, enforcement procedures 
may be suspended until the hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition.  Following the issuance of a 
decision in relation to the hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition, enforcement may be suspended until 
the Court of First Instance has issued a final decision in respect of the Article 632-633 Annulment Petition.

--- Page 236 ---
236
The Borrower may also file with the Court of First Instance or Magistrate’s Court a petition for the annulment 
of certain actions of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order of 
payment or the relevant claims and to procedural irregularities (an Article 933 Annulment Petition) pursuant 
to Article 933 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as amended by Greek law 4512/2018.  The hearing of the 
Article 933 Annulment Petition is scheduled within 60 days from the date of the filing of such petition and the 
relevant decision must be issued within 60 days from the hearing before the court.  Both annulment petitions 
may be filed either concurrently or consecutively, but it should be noted that both the Article 632-633 
Annulment Petition and the Article 933 Annulment Petition may not be based on reasons pertaining to the 
validity of the order for payment, once the order for payment has become final as mentioned above.  The filing 
of an Article 933 Annulment Petition does not entitle the Borrower to file a petition for the suspension of the 
enforcement proceedings.
According to the provisions of Greek Law 4335/2015 (published in Government Gazette 87/A/23.7.2015), the 
ability of the debtor to challenge the compulsory enforcement actions, which are carried out by the creditor, is 
now restricted. In particular, by virtue of the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure, as in force until 31 
December 2015, the debtor was entitled to challenge separately each compulsory enforcement action and as a 
result the completion of the enforcement procedure was significantly delayed. However, by virtue of Greek 
Law 4335/2015 the debtor is entitled to opposite to defects of the compulsory enforcement procedure in just 
two stages: the first one is set before the auction and is related to any reason of invalidity of the compulsory 
enforcement actions carried out before the auction, whereas the second one is set after the auction and is related 
to any defects, which arose from the auction until the awarding.  
Pursuant to Article 954 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, the initial auction price is determined within the 
statement of the court bailiff and as regards the movable property, it cannot be less than 2/3 of the estimated 
value of the property (according to article 993 par. 2 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, in conjunction with 
article 954 par. 2 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as amended and in force) and as regards the immovable 
property, the initial auction price cannot be less than the seized immovable property’s “market value”, as 
calculated in accordance with presidential decree no. 59/2016 (published in Government Gazette 
95/A/27.05.2016). In particular, pursuant to such presidential decree the property’s “market value” is 
determined by the relevant bailiff who is obliged to appoint a certified appraiser for this purpose, namely an 
individual or legal person that shall be included in the Certified Appraisers Registry held at the General 
Directorate for Financial Policy of the Ministry of Finance and published on the Ministry of Finance’s website. 
The latter submits to the bailiff an appraisal report in accordance with European or international recognised 
appraising standards. Appraisal fees are borne by the creditor who ordered the enforcement against the relevant 
property, but ultimately burden the Borrower.  The initial auction price can be contested by the borrower or 
any other party having a legal interest by filing an annulment petition against such court bailiff statement at 
the latest fifteen (15) working days before the auction date. The relevant court’s decision should be published 
at the latest by 12.00 p.m. eight (8) days before the auction date. Furthermore, pursuant to Article 1000 of the 
Greek Civil Procedure Code, the suspension of auction for up to six (6) months may be sought by the Borrower, 
on the grounds that there is a good chance of the Borrower being able to satisfy the enforcing party or that, 
following the suspension period, a better offer would be received at auction, provided that there is no risk of 
damage of the creditor who ordered the enforcement and that the borrower pays at least one quarter of the 
claimed capital and the enforcement expenses.
In the auction, the property is sold to the highest bidder who then has ten (10) working days to pay the auction 
price along with the fees for the use of the electronic auctioning platform which burden the highest bidder. 
Once the price of the property is paid, the notary public prepares a special deed listing all the creditors and 
allocating the proceeds of the auction. Each bidder must submit a bank guarantee or banker’s draft for an 
amount equal to 30 per cent of the starting price of the auctioned property and declare his/her attendance in 
the auction by 15.00, two (2) working days prior to the auction date. On the date of preceding the auction date, 
by 17.00, the auction clerk registers with electronic auction platform a list of the bidders entitled to participate 
in the auction. Pursuant to Article 966 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, if no bidders appear at the auction, 
the immovable property is awarded at the minimum auction price to the person in favour of whom the

--- Page 237 ---
237
enforcement proceedings were initiated, upon the latter’s request. The hearing of such request shall 
mandatorily be scheduled as a matter of priority within eight (8) working days from the date of filing and it 
shall be served at least three (3) working days before the hearing date. A recent evaluation report of the auction 
property, dated after the date of the last auction shall be submitted on the hearing date before the competent 
Court. The relevant decision must be issued within eight (8) working days from the hearing. If no such request 
is submitted, a repetitive auction takes place within forty (40) days. If such repetitive auction is unsuccessful, 
the competent court, upon request of persons having legal interest, may order the conduct of another auction 
within thirty (30) days, at the same or a reduced auction price or allow the sale of the property to the person in 
favour of whom the enforcement proceedings were initiated or to third persons at a price determined by the 
court, which may also provide that part of the consideration may be paid in instalments. Following two 
unsuccessful auctions, a petition may be filed by any interested party for a new auction date to be set, with the 
same or a lower fixed first price, or for a permission for a direct sale of the property at a price to be determined 
by the Court (in accordance with article 966 par. 2, as amended by article 23 of Greek law 4549/2018). 
Each creditor must announce its claim to the notary public by no later than fifteen (15) days after the auction 
and submit all documents proving such claims, otherwise the notary public will not take his claim into account.  
Once the allocation of proceeds amongst the creditors of the Borrower has been determined pursuant to a deed 
issued by a notary public, the creditors of the Borrower may dispute the allocation and file a petition contesting 
the deed pursuant to Article 979 in conjunction with Article 933 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code.  The 
competent Court of First Instance will adjudicate the matter, but the relevant creditor is entitled to appeal 
against the decision to the Court of Appeal.  The hearing date of the petition contesting such deed must be 
obligatory set within sixty (60) days from its filing (or within 120 days in case of the creditor residing abroad). 
This procedure may further delay the collection of proceeds and the time at which the Issuer finally receives 
the proceeds of the enforcement of the relevant property.  However, Article 980 of the Greek Civil Procedure 
Code provides that a creditor is entitled to the payment of its claim even if its allocation priority is subject to 
a challenge, provided that such creditor provides a bank letter of guarantee issued by a bank permanently 
established in Greece on demand securing repayment of the money in the event that such challenge is upheld.
Once the list of creditors is confirmed and adjudicated, the proceeds are distributes according to the deed 
setting out the allocation of proceeds in accordance with articles 975, 976, 977 and 977A of the Greek Civil 
Procedure Code.
In addition, pursuant to Article 998, paragraph 2 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, there is a period of 
mandatory suspension for all enforcement procedures (including auctions) between 1 and 31 August of each 
year and prohibition of auctions of real properties on the Wednesday before and after the date of any national, 
municipal or European elections. For more details see “Enforcing Security”. Following the amendment of the 
Greek Civil Procedure Code by Greek law 4512/2018, as from 21 February 2018 onwards, the auction takes 
place exclusively through the use of electronic means, in particular through the use of the electronic auction 
platform (e-auctions.gr), under the responsibility of a certified notary public of the district of the seized 
property (or if not available for any reason, of the district of the execution place or, if not available for any 
reason, before any Athens notary public) under the responsibility of a competent notary public acting as auction 
clerk.  The relevant process is detailed in article 959 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as replaced by article 
207 par. 6 of the Greek law 4512/2018. 
Auction Proceeds 
The proceeds of an auction following enforcement against a property securing a Loan are allocated in 
accordance with Articles 975, 976 and 977 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code, as amended by Law 4335/2015 
and most recently by Greek law 4512/2018. The Greek law 4512/2018 introduced significant amendments to 
the Greek Civil Procedure Code in respect of the allocation of proceeds to the creditors of the debtor. 
After the entry into force of article 977A of the Greek Civil Procedure Code and as regards the new claims 
arising as of 17 January 2018 and onwards, if such claims are secured through a first ranking security, the

--- Page 238 ---
238
auction proceeds are allocated, after deduction of the enforcement expenses, to the extent applicable, in the 
following order:
(a)
creditors granted special privileges under cases 1 and 2 of article 976 of the Greek Civil Procedure 
Code, as in force, (which include secured creditors through a mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation 
over the property or a pledge);
(b)
creditors granted privileges under articles 975 and case 3 of article 976 of the Greek Civil Procedure 
Code, as in force; 
(c)
unsecured creditors.
In addition, proceeds raised prior to the date of the first auction which relate to unpaid wages of up to six (6) 
months on the basis of dependent employment up to a monthly amount equal to the statutory minimum wage 
for an employee aged over twenty five (25) years of age, multiplied by 275 per cent. are allocated before any 
other claim (super privilege) and after deduction of the costs of execution.
In case that a pre-notation or mortgage is registered over more than one asset of the Borrower, the 
abovementioned claims related to unpaid wages, if announced, are satisfied by auction proceeds allocated to 
the creditors as following: (i) pari passu, if the auctions took place simultaneously; or (ii) according to the 
chronological order of the auctions until to payment in full, if the auctions took place successively. In the case 
of (ii) above, the creditors who enjoy special privileges which not satisfied are granted a right to the auction 
proceeds from the remaining auctioned assets of the Borrower. After the satisfaction of privileged creditors, 
the non-privileged creditors are satisfied pari passu by the remaining amount of the auction proceeds.
In respect of the claims arising as of 1 January 2016 until 16 January 2018 and in respect of orders of execution 
served to the debtor after 1 January 2016, auction proceeds continue to be allocated, after deduction of the 
enforcement expenses reasonably determined by the auction clerk, to the following creditors of the Borrower, 
to the extent applicable, in the following order, pursuant to the Greek law 4335/2015, as it previously stood:
(a)
Creditors enjoying general privileges under Article 975 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code: 
(i)
medical and funeral expenses of the debtor and his family that arose within the last twelve 
(12) months prior to the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy and 
compensation claims (except claims for moral damages) due to disability exceeding eighty 
per cent. (80 per cent.) or more that arose until the day of the public auction or the declaration 
of bankruptcy;
(ii)
claims for the nourishment of the debtor and his family that arose during the last six months 
before the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy;
(iii)
claims based on salaried employment, claims from fees expenses and compensation of lawyers 
paid under fixed regular remuneration, provided that they arose within the last two years prior 
to the day of the first public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy compensation claims 
arising by reason of termination of employment arrangements and lawyers’ compensation 
claims arising by reason of the termination of in-house employment arrangement. The same 
rank also includes claims of the State in respect of the Value Added Tax (VAT) and any 
attributable or withholding taxes together with any surcharges and interests imposed on such 
claims, as well as claims of social security organisation, alimony claims in case of death of 
the person owing alimony and compensation claims due to disability exceeding sixty seven 
per cent. (67 per cent.) which arose up to the day of the public auction or the declaration of 
bankruptcy;

--- Page 239 ---
239
(iv)
claims of farmers or agricultural cooperatives from the sale of agricultural products that arose 
within the last year prior to the day the public auction was first set to occur or the declaration 
of bankruptcy;
(v)
claims of the State and municipal authorities arising out of any cause, together with any 
surcharges and interest imposed on such claims;
(vi)
claims of the Greek Investor Compensation Scheme (Syneggyitiko) against the debtor, insofar 
as the debtor was an investment services firm and the claims of such fund were born within 
the two (2) years preceding the day of the public auction or the declaration of bankruptcy;
(vii)
claims by the Athens Stock Exchange Members’ Guarantee Fund (if the Borrower is or was 
an investment services company within the meaning of Greek law 3606/2007) arising in the 
previous two years before the date of the auction or the declaration of bankruptcy (this should 
not be relevant for any Borrower),
(b)
secured creditors through a mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation over the property; and
(c)
unsecured creditors.
In case of concurrence of general privileges (as mentioned above) and special privileges (which include claims 
secured by pledge or mortgage) and non – privileged claims, the percentage of satisfaction of the creditors 
with general privileges is limited to up to twenty five percent (25 per cent.), whereas the percentage of 
satisfaction of creditors with special privileges is up to sixty five percent (65 per cent.). The remaining amount 
of ten percent (10 per cent.) of the auction proceeds is allocated to the non – privileged creditors. In case of 
concurrence of creditors with special privileges and non – privileged creditors, an amount of ninety (90 per 
cent.) is allocated to creditors with special privileges, while an amount of ten percent (10 per cent.) of the 
auction proceeds is allocated to the non-privileged creditors. In case of concurrence of claims with general 
privileges and non – privileged claims, the percentage of satisfaction of the former is seventy percent (70 per 
cent.).
Accordingly, the Issuer, as owner of a first ranking pre-notation could be limited to receiving approximately 
two thirds or sixty five per cent (65 per cent.) (as applicable) of the proceeds raised by an auction of a property 
securing a Loan if creditors with general privileges and non-privileged creditors exist.  In such case, the 
proceeds may not be sufficient to discharge the amount that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer under the 
Loan, which may in turn affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds.
However, given that the loans are given a maximum eighty per cent. (80 per cent.) LTV indexed value for the 
purpose of calculating the Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test the value of the property securing a Loan 
should exceed the Outstanding Principal Balance of that portion of the Loan accredited value for the purposes 
of the Statutory Tests.

--- Page 240 ---
240
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each location 
where the Group operates.  The Bank of Greece is the central bank in Greece.  The European Central Bank 
(the ECB) through the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) and the support of the Bank of Greece is 
responsible for the licensing and supervision of credit institutions operating in Greece, in accordance with 
Regulation No. 1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating 
to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and Greek law 4261/2014 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the Banking Law), Greek law 4370/2016, as 
in force,  on the Greek deposit and investment guarantee fund, Greek law 4557/2018 on anti-money laundering 
(as amended by Greek laws 4734/2020 and 4816/2021 and in force), Greek law 4537/2018 on payment services 
and on participation in credit institutions, Greek law 4335/2015 transposing Directive No. 2014/59/EU 
(establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms), 
Regulation No. 806/2014 (establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund) and Greek law 1266/1982 on organisation, exercising monetary, credit and currency policy, 
each as amended and in force.
Regulation of the banking industry in Greece has changed in recent years as Greek law has been modified to 
a great extent so as to comply with applicable EU directives.  In August 2007, EU Directives, including the 
transposition into Greek law of No. 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC regarding the adoption of the revised Basel 
Capital Accord, known as Basel II, relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions 
and to the capital adequacy of investment firms and credit institutions by virtue of Greek law 3601/2007 (which 
has now been repealed by the Banking Law).
As of 1 January 2014, a new framework on capital requirements for credit institutions on the basis of the 
Basel III accord was introduced by virtue of the CRD IV and CRR.  CRD IV was transposed into Greek law 
by virtue of the Banking Law which entered into force on 1 January 2014 with the exception of specific 
provisions regarding the requirements to maintain a capital conservation buffer, an institution-specific 
countercyclical capital buffer, global and other systemically important institutions, the recognition of a 
systemic risk buffer rate, the setting and calculation of countercyclical capital buffers, the recognition of 
countercyclical buffer rates in excess of 2.5 per cent., the third country countercyclical buffer rates, the 
calculation of institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer rates and capital conservation measures which 
entered into force as of 1 January 2016, as well as provisions regarding administrative penalties and other 
administrative measures which entered into force as of 5 May 2014.  The CRR is also applicable as of 1 January 
2014, with the exception of certain provisions in relation to the option of authorities to derogate from the 
application of liquidity requirements on an individual basis, the taking of joint decisions by the consolidating 
supervisor and the competent authorities on the level of application of liquidity requirements on parent and 
subsidiary entities, the disclosure of information regarding an institution's leverage ratio, which became 
applicable as of 1 January 2015 and the provision regarding stable funding which applies from 1 January 2016.  
To provide guidance for the implementation of CRD IV, the European Commission issued Implementing 
Regulation (EU) No. 680/2014 of 16 April 2014 setting forth implementing technical standards with regard to 
supervisory reporting of institutions which was amended, inter alia, by the Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 
2015/79 of 18 December 2014, Implementing Regulation 2015/227 of 9 December 2015, Implementing 
Regulation 2015/1278 of 9 July 2015, Implementing Regulation 2016/322 of 10 February 2016, Implementing 
Regulation 2016/428 of 23 March 2016 and 2018/1627 of 9 October 2018.
For more information as to the new capital requirements framework, see "Guidelines for Capital 
Requirements" below.
According to Article 166 of the Banking Law, any regulatory decisions issued by authorisation of the banking 
law previously in force (Law 3601/2007) and abolished by the Banking Law, remain in force until they are 
replaced by new decisions issued by authorisation of the Banking Law provided that they are not contrary to 
the provisions of the Banking Law or the CRR.

--- Page 241 ---
241
The ECB is the central bank for the Euro managing the Eurozone's monetary policy.  Within the context of 
establishing a European banking union based on a concise and detailed common rulebook for financial services 
regarding the entire internal market, composed by a single supervisory mechanism and a new deposit guarantee 
and resolution framework, Regulation 1024/2013 was issued conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning 
policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions in the Eurozone.
According to Article 4 of the CRR, the ECB was conferred among other things, the below duties as of 
4 November 2014:

To authorise credit institutions and to withdraw authorisations of credit institutions;

For credit institutions, that wish to establish a branch or provide cross-border services in a country 
outside the Eurozone, to carry out the tasks which the competent authority of the home Member State 
shall have under the relevant union law;

To assess notifications of the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings in credit institutions;

To ensure compliance with the acts which impose prudential requirements on credit institutions in the 
areas of own funds requirements, securitisation, large exposure limits, liquidity, leverage, and 
reporting and public disclosure of information on those matters;

To ensure compliance with the acts which impose requirements on credit institutions to have in place 
robust governance arrangements, including the fit and proper requirements for the persons responsible 
for the management of credit institutions, risk management processes, internal control mechanisms, 
remuneration policies and practices and effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes, 
including Internal Ratings Based models;

To carry out supervisory reviews, including where appropriate in coordination with the European 
Banking Authority, stress tests and on the basis of that supervisory review to impose on credit 
institutions specific additional own funds requirements, specific publication requirements, specific 
liquidity requirements and other measures, where specifically made available to competent authorities 
by relevant EU law;

To carry out supervision on a consolidated basis over credit institutions' parent entities established 
within the Eurozone and to participate in supervision on a consolidated basis; and

To carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, and early intervention where a credit 
institution or group in relation to which the ECB is the consolidating supervisor, does not meet or is 
likely to breach the applicable prudential requirements, and, only in the cases explicitly stipulated by 
relevant EU law for competent authorities, structural changes required from credit institutions to 
prevent financial stress or failure, excluding any resolution powers.
The ECB and the national central banks together constitute the Eurozone's central bank system.  The ECB 
performs its supervisory duties through the SSM in collaboration with the competent national authorities, 
namely, in the case of Greece, the Bank of Greece. 
The Regulatory Framework – Prudential Supervision
Credit institutions operating in Greece are required to:

Observe the liquidity ratios prescribed by the applicable articles of the Banking Law and the CRR and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity 
coverage requirement for credit institutions, as well as several other Commission Delegated

--- Page 242 ---
242
Regulations supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for own funds, 
additional liquidity outflows etc.;

Maintain efficient internal audit, compliance and risk management systems and procedures (Act No. 
2577/2006 of the Governor of the Bank of Greece, as supplemented and amended by successive Acts 
of the Governor of the Bank of Greece and decisions of the Banking and Credit Committee of the 
Bank of Greece and as amended most recently by virtue of decision No. 147/27.7.2018 of the Banking 
and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece, and currently in force);

Submit to the ECB periodic reports and statements;

Provide to the ECB or the Bank of Greece such further information as it may require; and

In connection with certain operations or activities, make notifications to or request the prior approval 
of (as the case may be) the ECB or the Bank of Greece, in each case in accordance with the applicable 
laws of Greece and the relevant acts, decisions and circulars of the Bank of Greece (each as in force 
from time to time).
Under Greek legislation, the ECB, in the exercise of its control over Greek credit institutions, has the power 
to conduct audits and inspect the books and records of credit institutions.  If a credit institution breaches any 
law or regulation falling within the scope of the supervisory power attributed to the ECB, the ECB is 
empowered, among others, to:

Require the relevant credit institution to take appropriate measures to remedy the breach;

Impose fines (Article 55A of the articles of association of the Bank of Greece, as amended by Act No. 
2602/2008 of the Governor of the Bank of Greece);

Appoint an administrator who shall evaluate the general financial, administrative and organisational 
state of the credit institution and take all necessary steps to ensure its proper operation, preparing it 
either for recovery or entry into liquidation proceedings; and

Where the breach cannot be remedied, suspend or revoke the license of the credit institution and place 
it in a state of special liquidation.
The Bank of Greece was the competent authority for the resolution of credit institutions operating in Greece 
until 31 December 2015. As of 1 January 2016, the SSM became the competent authority for the resolution of 
credit institutions operating in Greece.
Transposition of Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 
on the Reorganisation and Winding Up of Credit Institutions
Greece has faithfully transposed Directive No. 2001/24/EC by virtue of Greek law 3458/2006 on the winding-
up and reorganisation of credit institutions. Greek law 3458/2006, as amended and in force, is in line with the 
provisions of Directive No. 2001/24/EC and introduces a series of conflicts of laws rules on the laws applicable 
to the winding-up and reorganisation of a credit institution, including among others:
Law Governing the Reorganisation Measures
Article 4 sets the rule by providing that any reorganisation process shall be applied in accordance with the 
laws, regulations and procedures applicable in the Home State of the credit institution, subjected to such 
process.  The process would be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law.

--- Page 243 ---
243
Law Governing the Winding-Up Process
Article 11 introduces a conflict of laws rule on the winding up process for credit institutions, pursuant to which 
any credit institution shall be wound up in accordance with the laws, regulations and procedures applicable in 
Greece insofar as Greek law 3458/2006 does not provide otherwise.
The regulatory framework has been affected by the recapitalisation framework and the creation of the HFSF.  
Transposition of Directive 2014/59 Establishing a Framework for the Recovery and Resolution of Credit 
Institutions
The European Council of October 18, 2012 reached the conclusion that "in the light of the fundamental 
challenges facing it, the Economic and Monetary Union needs to be strengthened to ensure economic and 
social welfare as well as stability and sustained prosperity" and that "the process towards deeper economic 
and monetary union should build on the EU's institutional and legal framework and be characterised by 
openness and transparency towards non-euro area Member States and respect for the integrity of the Single 
Market."  For that reason, a banking union is created on the basis of a complete and detailed set of rules for 
financial services covering the entire internal market by establishing a single supervisory mechanism, the 
introduction of a new deposit guarantee and resolution framework.
Within that context, Directive No. 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD) and Regulation 806/2014 establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions were adopted.  The BRRD was transposed into Greek 
law by virtue of Article 2 of Law 4335/2015 and has entered into force on July 23, 2015 (with the exception 
of certain provisions related to the bail-in tool, which apply from January 1, 2016).
According to Greek law 4335/2015 (the BRR Law), the Bank of Greece remained the resolution authority for 
Greek systemic credit institutions until 31 December 2015, and as of 1 January 2016 the resolution powers 
were conferred to the SRM, established by virtue of the above Regulation 806/2014.
Greek law 4335/2015 provides, inter alia, the steps of preparation for the adoption of measures of recovery 
and resolution, including:
(a)
the drawing up and the submission of recovery plans by credit institutions to the Bank of Greece for 
evaluation, which provide the measures to be taken for the restoration of their financial position 
following a significant deterioration thereof; and
(b)
the drawing up of a resolution plan by the resolution authority for each credit institution.
Furthermore, Greek law 4335/2015 provides the competent authority with extensive powers for the early 
intervention in the operations of a credit institution in order to prevent its insolvency.  Within this framework, 
the Bank of Greece, as the competent resolution authority, may take the following measures:

Require the management body of the institution to implement one or more of the arrangements or 
measures set out in the recovery plan or to update such recovery plan;

Require the management body of the institution to examine the situation, identify measures to 
overcome any problems identified and draw up an action program to overcome those problems and a 
timetable for its implementation;

Require the management body of the institution to convene, or if the management body fails to comply 
with that requirement convene directly, a meeting of shareholders of the institution, and in both cases 
set the agenda and require certain decisions to be considered for adoption by the shareholders;

--- Page 244 ---
244

Require one or more members of the management body or senior management to be removed or 
replaced if those persons are found unfit to perform their duties;

Require the management body of the institution to draw up a plan for negotiation on restructuring of 
debt with some or all of its creditors according to the recovery plan, where applicable;

Require changes to the institution's business strategy;

Require changes to the legal or operational structures of the institution; and

Acquire, including through on-site inspections and provide to the resolution authority, all the 
information necessary in order to update the resolution plan and prepare for the possible resolution of 
the institution and for the valuation of the assets and liabilities of the institution prior to and for the 
purpose of its resolution.
In case of significant deterioration of the financial condition of an institution or of significant infringements of 
the law, regulatory acts or the constitutional documents of the institution or in case of significant administrative 
irregularities, and provided that the above measures are not sufficient to reverse the deterioration, the 
competent authority, may require the removal of the senior management or management body of the institution, 
in its entirety or with regard to individuals.  When the competent authority considers the replacement of the 
senior management or the management body as insufficient for the restoration of the situation, it may appoint 
one or more commissioners either to temporarily replace the board of directors of the institution or to 
temporarily cooperate with it.  The role and duties of such commissioner shall, inter alia, include ascertaining 
the financial position of the institution, managing the business of the institution with a view to preserving or 
restoring its financial position as well as taking measures to restore the sound and prudent management of the 
business of the institution.
In case a credit institution, despite the early intervention of the competent authority, becomes insolvent, the 
resolution authority may take measures for its resolution.  In this regard, Greek law 4335/2015 introduces four 
new resolution tools:

The sale of business tool: According to this tool the resolution authority has the power to transfer, on 
commercial terms, to a purchaser that is not a bridge institution shares or other instruments of 
ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, namely rights, obligations 
and contractual relationships of such institution, without the consent of its shareholders or of any third 
party other than the acquirer.  Following this, the institution is placed under special liquidation;

The bridge institution tool: According to this tool the resolution authority has the power to transfer to 
a bridge institution shares or other instruments of ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the 
institution under resolution, namely rights, obligations and contractual relationships of such institution, 
without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the bridge institution, which is 
then placed under special liquidation.  The bridge institution, which is established to serve the purposes 
of the resolution, belongs in its entirety or partially to the Resolution Fund (namely the Resolution 
Scheme of the HDIGF pursuant to paragraph 1 of article 95 of the Greek law 4335/2015, but also see 
below under "Single Resolution Fund") or one or more public authorities, while it is created 
exclusively for the abovementioned purpose.  The bridge institution or its assets are sold on 
commercial terms within two years from its establishment or otherwise the bridge institution is placed 
under liquidation;

The asset separation tool: the resolution authority may use this tool to transfer assets, namely rights, 
obligations and contractual relationships of an institution under resolution or a bridge institution to 
one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the shareholders of the institution 
under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge institution. These asset management 
vehicles are legal persons owned in total or partially or controlled by one or more authorities, including

--- Page 245 ---
245
the Resolution Fund or the resolution authority and created for the purpose of receiving some or all of 
the assets, rights and liabilities with the purpose of maximising their value until their eventual sale or 
orderly wind down; and

The bail-in tool is a new tool which the resolution authority may use for the write down or conversion 
of the liabilities of the institution under resolution. (for a more detailed description of this tool please 
see below under "The Bail-in Tool").
According to Article 32 of Greek law 4335/2015, the resolution tools may be used provided that the following 
conditions are cumulatively met:

The institution is failing or is likely to fail, namely:

The institution infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the 
institution will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in a 
way that would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the competent authority 
including but not limited to because the institution has incurred or is likely to incur losses that 
will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds;

The assets of the institution are or there are objective elements to support a determination that 
the assets of the institution will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities;

The institution is or there are objective elements to support a determination that the institution 
will, in the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; and

Extraordinary public financial support is required except when, in order to remedy a serious 
disturbance in national economy and preserve financial stability, the extraordinary public 
financial support takes any of the following forms: (i) a state guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by the central bank according to the conditions governing its operation; 
(ii) a state guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or (iii) an injection of own funds or purchase 
of capital instruments at prices and on terms that do not confer an advantage upon the 
institution, where neither the circumstances referred to under the preceding three bullet points 
of this paragraph nor the circumstances referred to in paragraphs 2 and 9 of Article 59 of Greek 
law 4335/2015 are present at the time the public support is granted.

Having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures or supervisory action would prevent the failure of the institution 
within a reasonable timeframe; and

A resolution action is necessary in the public interest and in particular for the achievement of and is 
proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives and winding up of the institution under 
normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent.
The resolution procedure is governed by specifically defined principles set out in Article 34 of Greek law 
4335/2015 and is based on a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the assets and liabilities of the credit 
institution under resolution, performed in accordance with Article 36 of Law 4335/2015 by a valuator who is 
appointed by the resolution authority and is independent from any public authority, including the resolution 
authority and the institution, with the following purposes:

To inform the determination of whether the conditions for resolution or the conditions for the write 
down or conversion of capital instruments are met;

If the conditions for resolution are met, to inform the decision on the appropriate resolution action to 
be taken in respect of the institution;

--- Page 246 ---
246

When the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments is applied, to inform the decision 
on the extent of the cancellation or dilution of shares or other instruments of ownership, and the extent 
of the write down or conversion of relevant capital instruments in order to comply with the principle 
that no creditor will incur greater losses than it would have incurred if the institution under resolution 
had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings ("creditor no worse off principle");

When the bail-in tool is applied, to inform the decision on the extent of the write down or conversion 
of eligible liabilities;

When the bridge institution tool or asset separation tool is applied, to inform the decision on the assets, 
rights, liabilities or shares or other instruments of ownership to be transferred and the decision on the 
value of any consideration to be paid to the institution under resolution or, as the case may be, to the 
owners of the shares or other instruments of ownership;

When the sale of business tool is applied, to inform the decision on the assets, rights, liabilities or 
shares or other instruments of ownership to be transferred and to inform the resolution authority's 
understanding of what constitutes commercial terms; and

In all cases, to ensure that any losses on the assets of the institution are fully recognised at the moment 
the resolution tools are applied or the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments is 
exercised.
The Bail-in Tool
The bail-in tool includes the bail-in and/or the write down or conversion of capital instruments.  The bail-in 
tool can be used separately or in conjunction with the other resolution measures.  The bail-in tool entered into 
force on 1 November 2015 with the exception of the provisions according to which the application of the 
bail-in tool requires the contribution of private sector investors and creditors to loss absorption and 
recapitalisation of the credit institution must be equal to an amount not less than 8 per cent. of the total liabilities 
(including own funds) of the institution under resolution, measured at the time of resolution action in 
accordance with the valuation provided for in Article 36 of Greek law 4335/2015.
The resolution authority may implement the bail-in tool for any of the following reasons:
(a)
for the recapitalisation of an institution that meets the requirements for resolution; or
(b)
for the conversion to share capital or the write down of the liabilities or the debt instruments transferred 
to a bridge institution in order to provide it with capital, or in the context of the implementation of the 
sale of business tool or asset separation tool.  The restructuring of the liabilities using the bail-in tool 
takes place in a manner which ensures that the shareholders bear losses first, followed by relevant 
capital instruments, subordinated liabilities and senior unsecured liabilities, in accordance with their 
hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings.
When applying the bail-in tool for the write down or conversion of capital instruments, the resolution authority 
shall take in respect of shareholders and holders of other instruments of ownership one or both of the following 
actions:

Cancel existing shares or other instruments of ownership or transfer them to bailed-in creditors; and

Provided that, in accordance to the valuation carried out under Article 36, the institution under 
resolution has a positive net value, dilute existing shareholders and holders of other instruments of 
ownership as a result of the conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership of: (i) relevant 
capital instruments issued by the institution pursuant to the power referred to in Article 59 paragraph 9

--- Page 247 ---
247
of Greek law 4335/2015; or (ii) eligible liabilities issued by the institution under resolution pursuant 
to the power referred to in point (f) of Article 63 paragraph 1 of the same law.
The following liabilities are excluded from the bail-in tool:

Covered deposits;

Secured liabilities including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for 
hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and which according to national law 
are secured in a way similar to covered bonds;

Any liability that arises by virtue of the holding by the institution of client assets or client money 
including client assets or client money held on behalf of UCITS as defined in paragraph 2 of Article 2 
of Greek law 4099/2012 or of AIFs as defined in point (a) of paragraph 1 of Article 4 of Greek law 
4209/2013, provided that such a client is protected under the applicable insolvency law;

Any liability that arises by virtue of a fiduciary relationship between the institution (as fiduciary) and 
another person (as beneficiary) provided that such beneficiary is protected under the applicable 
insolvency or civil law;

liabilities to institutions, excluding entities that are part of the same group, with an original maturity 
of less than seven days;

liabilities with a remaining maturity of less than seven days, owed to systems or operators of systems 
designated according to Greek law 2789/2000 or their participants and arising from the participation 
in such a system;

Deposits of the HDIGF and the Stock Exchange Members' Guarantee Fund; and

A liability to any one of the following:

An employee, in relation to accrued salary, termination compensation, pension benefits or 
other fixed remuneration, except for the variable component of remuneration that is not 
regulated by a collective bargaining agreement;

A commercial or trade creditor arising from the provision to the institution of goods or services 
that are critical to the daily functioning of its operations, including IT services, utilities and 
the rental, servicing and upkeep of premises;

Tax and social security authorities, provided that those liabilities are preferred under the 
applicable law; and

Deposit guarantee schemes arising from contributions due in accordance with Directive No. 
2014/49/EU.
All secured assets relating to a covered bond cover pool should remain unaffected, segregated and with enough 
funding.  However, neither this requirement nor the exclusion of the secured liabilities (including covered 
bonds) shall prevent the resolution authority, where appropriate, from exercising those powers in relation to 
any part of a secured liability that exceeds the value of the security.
The power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments conferred to the resolution authority under 
Articles 59 et seq. of Greek law 4335/2015 and which constitute the second part of the bail-in tool may be 
exercised either independently of the resolution action taken by the resolution authority within the context of 
the bail-in tool for the purpose of the recapitalization of a credit institution or in combination with the action

--- Page 248 ---
248
taken by the resolution authority provided that the requirements set out in Articles 32 and 33 of Greek law 
4335/2015 are fulfilled or in combination at the point of non-viability with the government financial 
stabilization tools provided for in Articles 56 to 58 of the same law (please see below under "Extraordinary 
Public Financial Support"), under the circumstances provided by the applicable legislation, for example when 
it is established that the conditions for resolution are met or when the competent authority establishes that if 
the said power is not exercised, the institution will cease to be viable (PONV).  If an institution meets the 
requirements for resolution and the resolution authority decides to implement a resolution tool, then the 
exercise of the above power is required.
As is the case for the bail-in tool, the BRRD sets a special ranking of the instruments subject to the powers of 
write down or conversion in the following order: common shares, preferred shares, hybrids and subordinated 
securities. In that case the exercise of such power is based on the valuation performed by an independent 
valuator appointed by the resolution authority in accordance with Article 36.  By virtue of Greek law 
4335/2015, a new Article 145A was introduced into Greek law 4261/2014 determining the ranking of claims 
upon liquidation of a credit institution.
More specifically, in accordance with Article 145A, as amended by virtue of Greek laws 4340/2015, 
4346/2015 4438/2016, 4583/2018, 4799/2021 and more recently by Greek law 4920/2022, the following 
claims are ranked preferentially in the following order:
(a)
claims deriving from the provision of employment services and legal fees to the extent that the claims 
arose during the two years prior to the opening of special liquidation proceedings under Greek law 
4261/2014, as well as employees' and in-house lawyers' claims deriving from the termination of their 
employment/mandate, irrespective of the point at which such claims arose, claims of the Greek state 
for value added tax and other taxes aggregated with any surcharges and interest accrued, and claims 
of social security organisations;
(b)
Greek State claims arising in case of application of internal Articles 57 or 58 of Article 2 of the BRR 
Law referring to financial stabilisation tools;
(c)
claims deriving from guaranteed deposits or claims of the Hellenic Deposit and Investment Guarantee 
Fund (HDIGF), the latter assuming the depositors’ rights and obligations, who have been compensated 
by the HDIGF, and for the amount of such compensation or claims of the HDIGF due to the use of the 
Deposit Cover Scheme (DCS) in the context of resolution under Article 104 of BRR Law;
(d)
any type of Greek State claim aggregated with any surcharges and interest charged on these claims;
(e)
the following claims:
(i)
Claims of the Resolution Fund pursuant to internal Article 98, par. 6, of the BRR Law, in case 
of provision of financing to the institution in the context of the fulfilment of the obligations of 
the Resolution Fund, as per the specific provisions of internal Article 95, par. 2, of the BRR 
Law; and
(ii)
Claims deriving from eligible deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises to the extent that they exceed the coverage threshold for deposits pursuant to 
Article 9 of Law 4370/2016, and claims deriving from deposits of natural persons and micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises that would be eligible deposits if such deposits have not 
been made through third country (non-EU) branches of EU credit institutions.
(f)
claims deriving from investment services that are covered by the HDIGF within the meaning of 
Articles 12 and 13 of Law 4370/2016 or claims of the HDIGF, the latter assuming the rights and 
obligations of investor clients, who have been compensated by the HDIGF, and for the amount of such 
compensation;

--- Page 249 ---
249
(g)
claims deriving from eligible deposits to the extent that they exceed but the coverage limit and do not 
fall under (e) above;
(h)
claims deriving from deposits exempted from compensation in accordance with Article 12 of Law 
4370/2016, excluding claims deriving from transactions of investors for which a final court decision 
has been issued for a penal violation of AML/CFT rules; 
(i)
without prejudice to points (j) and (k) below, other claims that do not fall within the above listed points 
and are not subordinated claims as per the relevant agreement, including but not limited to, liabilities 
under loan agreements and other credit agreements, agreements for the supply of goods or for the 
provision of services or from derivatives, claims deriving from debt instruments issued by the credit 
institution, claims deriving from guarantees granted by the credit institution in relation to debt 
instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined in paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), 
irrespective whether such subsidiaries have their registered seat in Greece or abroad, as well as claims 
of such subsidiaries, when their claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit 
institution in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments by the 
subsidiaries is on lent to or deposited with the relevant credit institution. In the case of such a deposit 
by such a subsidiary, this paragraph applies in relation to that part of the deposit for which 
subparagraph (c) of this paragraph does not apply; 
(j)
claims deriving from debt instruments issued by the credit institution that meet the following 
conditions: (aa) the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one (1) year; (bb) 
they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they are not themselves derivatives, and the debt 
instruments are not considered to contain embedded derivatives solely on the basis that they have 
floating interest based on a widely used reference interest rate or on the basis that they are denominated 
in a foreign currency, provided that the principal, the repayment and the interest are in the same 
currency; and (cc) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance and the distribution thereof explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for 
in the present point. In addition, this paragraph applies to claims deriving from guarantees granted by 
the credit institution in relation to debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined in paragraph 
2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have their registered seat in 
Greece or abroad, that meet the above conditions under (aa) to (cc), as well as claims of such 
subsidiaries, when their claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit institution in 
question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments by the subsidiaries 
is on lent to or deposited with the relevant credit institution. In the case of such a deposit by such a 
subsidiary, the previous sentence applies in relation to that part of the deposit for which 
subparagraph (c) of this paragraph does not apply;
(k)
Claims deriving from subordinated debt instruments or Tier II instruments or hybrid securities or 
Additional Tier I instruments or preferential shares or common shares, Common Equity Tier I 
instruments issued by the credit institution, applying the different ranking between the different 
categories of claims that fall within this instance. In addition, this paragraph applies to claims deriving 
from guarantees granted by the credit institution in relation to debt instruments of lower ranking or 
hybrid securities or other securities included in the above categories issued by its subsidiaries (as 
defined in paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have 
their registered seat in Greece or abroad, when such claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement 
with the credit institution in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt 
instruments or hybrid securities or other securities included in the above categories issued by its 
subsidiaries. In the case of such a deposit by such a subsidiary, the previous sentence applies in relation 
to that part of the deposit for which subparagraph (c)of this paragraph does not apply.
The claims under points (i) and (ii) of case (e) above are satisfied pro rata. As for the rest, the provisions of 
Articles 975 to 978 of the Greek Code of Civil Procedure shall apply by way of analogy.

--- Page 250 ---
250
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 amended BRRD, inter alia, with regards to the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy in the context of ensuring sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of institutions. Directive (EU) 2017/2399 required, inter alia, EU Member States to create a new class 
of “non-preferred” senior debt under the terms provided therein. The new class of “non-preferred” senior 
should rank in insolvency above own funds instruments and subordinated liabilities that do not qualify as own 
funds instruments, but below other senior liabilities. While institutions will have the discretion to issue both 
traditional senior debt, if they issue the latter, they need to explicitly state this in the relevant contractual 
documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance. Further to the abovementioned 
EU Directive, articles 103-104 of Greek law 4583/2018 were introduced into Greek legislation. It is noted that 
ranking of the deposits in the context of normal insolvency proceedings is not affected by the above provisions.
It is noted that according to the new Article 145A of Greek law 4261/2014, as amended and in force, in 
deviation from the above, the following claims are satisfied preferentially as follows: (a) If upon the special 
liquidation of a credit institution there exist rights from financial collateral agreements within the meaning of 
Article 2 of Greek law 3301/2004, the collateral taker is fully satisfied from the collateral to the exclusion of 
any other claims (paragraph 4 of Article 145 of Greek law 4261/2014); (b) During the activation of the 
procedure for the compensation of depositors according to the provisions of Article 15 of Greek law 
4370/2016, as in force, the funds of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme of the HDIGF that are deposited with the 
failing credit institution, the relevant accrued interest as well as any contribution due to the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme of the HDIGF are returned immediately to the latter from the management of the credit institution, in 
deviation of any other provision of substantive or procedural law and prior to the satisfaction of any other 
claim; and (c) during the activation of the procedure for the compensation of investors, according to the 
provisions of Article 15 of Greek law 4370/2016, as in force, the funds of the Investors Guarantee Scheme of 
the HDIGF that are deposited with the failing credit institution, the relevant accrued interest as well as any 
contribution due to the Investors Guarantee Scheme of the HDIGF are returned immediately to the latter from 
the management of the credit institution, in deviation of any other provision of substantive or procedural law 
and prior to the satisfaction of any other claim.  By virtue of Greek law 4340/2015, the above-described ranking 
of the claims was rendered a mandatory rule of public interest.
In exceptional circumstances, when the bail in tool is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or 
partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write down or conversion powers.  This 
exception shall apply in case it is strictly necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the specific 
requirements provided by law.
Extraordinary Public Financial Support
In cases of an exceptional systemic crisis, extraordinary public financial support may be provided, by virtue 
of a decision of the Greek Minister of Finance, following a recommendation of the Systemic Stability Board 
of the Greek Ministry of Finance constituted by Greek law 3867/2010, as in force, and a consultation with the 
resolution authorities, through public financial stabilisation tools as a last resort and only after having assessed 
and utilised, to the maximum extent, the other resolution tools, in order to avoid, through the direct 
intervention, the winding-up of the said institutions and in order for the resolution purposes to be accomplished.  
The public financial stabilisation tools are:
(a)
public capital support provided by the Greek Ministry of Finance or by the HFSF following a decision 
by the Greek Minister of Finance; and
(b)
temporary public ownership of the institution, i.e. the transfer of the shares of an institution to a 
transferee of the Greek State or a company which is fully owned and controlled by the Greek State.
The following conditions must be cumulatively met in order for the public financial stabilisation tools to be 
implemented:
(a)
the institution meets the conditions for resolution;

--- Page 251 ---
251
(b)
the shareholders, owners of other instruments of ownership, holders of relevant capital instruments 
and the holders of eligible liabilities have contributed, through conversion, write down or by any other 
means, to the absorption of losses and the recapitalisation by an amount equal to at least 8 per cent. of 
the total liabilities, including own funds of the institution under resolution, calculated at the time of 
the resolution action in accordance with the valuation conducted; and
(c)
prior and final approval by the European Commission regarding the EU state aid framework for the 
use of the chosen tool has been granted.
In addition to the above, for the provision of public financial support, one of the following conditions must be 
met:
(a)
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to avoid a significant adverse effect on the 
financial stability;
(b)
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to protect the public interest, where 
extraordinary liquidity assistance from the central bank has previously been given to the institution; 
and
(c)
in respect of the temporary public ownership tool, the application of the resolution tools would not 
suffice to protect the public interest, where public equity support through the equity support tool has 
previously been given to the institution.
By way of exception, extraordinary public financial support may be granted to a credit institution in the form 
of an injection of own funds or purchase of capital instruments without the involvement of resolution measures, 
under the following cumulative conditions:

in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of an EU Member State and preserve financial 
stability;

to a solvent credit institution in order to address a capital shortfall identified in a stress test, assets 
quality reviews or equivalent exercises;

at prices and on terms that do not confer an advantage upon the institution;

on a precautionary and temporary basis;

subject to final approval of the European Commission;

not to be used to offset losses that the institution has incurred or is likely to incur in the near future;

the credit institution has not infringed and there are no objective elements to support that the credit 
institution will, in the near future, infringe its authorisation requirements in a way that would justify 
the withdrawal of its authorisation;

the assets of the credit institution are not and there are no objective elements to support that the assets 
of the credit institution will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities;

the credit institution is not and there are no objective elements to support that the credit institution will 
be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they fall due; and

the circumstances for the exercise of the write down or conversion powers in respect of Additional 
Tier I and Tier II capital instruments of the institution do not apply.

--- Page 252 ---
252
The HFSF
The HFSF is a private law entity with the purpose of (a) maintaining the stability of the Greek banking system 
and (b) disposing efficiently of shares or other financial instruments held in credit institutions on the basis of 
a divestment strategy within a specific time period not extending beyond the HFSF's duration. 
The HFSF supports the capital adequacy of both Greek credit institutions and subsidiaries of foreign credit 
institutions lawfully operating in Greece and acting in compliance with the commitments of the Greek state 
under Greek Law 4046/2012, in relation to the Second Economic Adjustment Programme, as updated from 
time to time, and under the Agreement for Fiscal Targets and Structural Reforms dated 19 August 2015, a draft 
of which was ratified by Greek Law 4336/2015, as updated from time to time. The liquidity support provided 
under Greek Law 3723/2008 or under the operating framework of the Eurosystem and the Bank of Greece 
does not fall under the scope of the HFSF. The HFSF pursues its purpose based on a strategy agreed between 
the Ministry of Finance, the Bank of Greece and itself.
The HFSF was established by virtue of Greek Law 3864/2010 which was repeatedly amended, among others 
by virtue of Greek Laws 4254/2014, 4340/2015, 4346/2015, 4431/2016, 4456/2017, 4537/2018, 4549/2018 
and 4701/2020 and most recently by Greek Laws 4783/2021, 4842/2021 and 4941/2022 (the "HFSF Law"). 
The HFSF's initial duration, which was set to expire on 30 June 2017, has been extended to 31 December 2025.
Capital
The HFSF's capital consists of funds that were raised within the context of EU and IMF support mechanism 
for Greece by virtue of Greek Law 3845/2010. It was gradually paid up by the Hellenic Republic and is 
evidenced by instruments which are not transferable until the expiry of the term of the HFSF. The HFSF's 
capital is provided from (a) funds drawn under the support mechanism for Greece set up by the EU and the 
IMF by virtue of Greek Law 3845/2010 and the Master Financial Assistance Facility dated 15 March 2012; 
and (b) from funds drawn under the Financial Assistance Facility dated 19 August 2015, as in force from time 
to time, and are paid to the HFSF by the Hellenic Republic.
The Greek Minister of Finance may request the return of capital from the HFSF to the Hellenic Republic. 
Before the expiry of the HFSF's term or the initiation of a liquidation process, the Minister of Finance decides 
jointly with the European Financial Stability Facility ("EFSF") and the European Stability Mechanism 
("ESM"), the entity to and the manner by which the capital and assets and liabilities of HFSF will be transferred 
due to its expiration or liquidation. Accordingly, the Minister of Finance may entrust by direct award the 
preparation of a study on the process of transition to an independent provider of financial or business and 
management advisory services pursuant to a previously issued joint decision of the Minister of Finance and 
the ESM. The above transfer will be to an entity independent of the Hellenic Republic and will take place in a 
manner that ensures that the financial and legal position of the EFSF and ESM will not deteriorate for that 
reason. If, at the expiry of the HFSF's term, the HFSF has no obligation towards the EFSF and the ESM, and 
holds no assets over which the former have a security interest or other rights, the assets of the HFSF following 
completion of its liquidation process, will be transferred to the Hellenic Republic by operation of law.
Organisation
With effect from 16 July 2022, the organisation of the HFSF has been modified, following amendment of the 
HFSF Law by Greek Law 4941/2022. In particular, as of 16 July 2022, the HFSF is managed by a nine (9)-
member Board of Directors; the Executive Committee and the General Council above has been dissolved. The 
Board of Directors consists of nine (9) members, out of which six (6) are non-executive and three are (3) 
executive members of the Board of Directors. Four (4) of its non-executive members, including its Chairman, 
are selected among persons with international banking experience (“independent non-executive members”). 
The remaining two (2) non-executive members of the Board of Directors are a representative of the Ministry 
of Finance and a representative of the Bank of Greece. The executive members of the Board of Directors 
include: (a) the Managing Director, who is selected from persons with international experience in banking and 
is in charge of the execution of the HFSF’s decisions and monitoring the HFSF’s management and actions; (b)

--- Page 253 ---
253
a member nominated jointly by the Bank of Greece and the Ministry of Finance; and (c) a member selected 
from persons with international banking experience. The Managing Director, the executive member under (c) 
above and the independent non-executive members of the Board of Directors are selected by the Selection 
Committee. The members of the Board of Directors are appointed by decision of the Minister of Finance, with 
a three (3)-year term, which can be renewed but cannot be extended beyond the HFSF’s duration. The Euro 
Working Group's prior consent is required for the appointment of the members of the Board of Directors as 
well as the renewal of their term of office and remuneration, excluding the appointment of the executive 
member of the Board of Directors nominated by the Ministry of Finance and the Bank of Greece, as well as 
the two non-executive members appointed by the Ministry of Finance and the Bank of Greece. The Board of 
Directors will convene as often as required and, in any case, at least once (1) per month. In the meetings of the 
Board of Directors, one (1) representative of the EC, one (1) of the ESM and one (1) of the ECB or their 
substitutes is invited to participate as observers without voting rights. A quorum is established in the Board of 
Directors when at least five (5) members are present. Each member of the Board of Directors is entitled to one 
(1) vote. In case of a tied vote, the Chairman has a casting vote. The Board of Directors makes decisions by 
majority of the present members, unless otherwise provided for by the HFSF Law, as in force. The Greek State 
or any other state body and institution shall refrain from giving instructions of any kind to the members of the 
Board of Directors.
Provision of Capital Support by the HFSF
Activation of Capital Support
With regards to the supply of capital support, a credit institution experiencing a capital shortfall, as such 
shortfall has been determined by the competent authority which is defined in Article 2(1)(5)of the BRRD Law, 
as in force, may submit a request  for capital support to the HFSF up to the amount of the determined capital 
shortfall, accompanied by a letter of  the competent authority determining (i) the capital shortfall; (ii) the date 
by which the credit institution needs to meet the said shortfall; and (iii) the capital raising plan submitted to 
the competent authority.
For credit institutions with an existing restructuring plan approved by the European Commission at the time 
of such request, the request is accompanied by a draft amended restructuring plan. In respect of credit 
institutions without an existing restructuring plan approved by the European Commission at the time of 
submission of such request, the request is accompanied by a draft restructuring plan.
The draft restructuring plan (for credit institutions without an approved restructuring plan) or the draft amended 
restructuring plan shall describe by what means the credit institution shall return to sufficient profitability in 
the next three (3) to five (5) years, under prudent assumptions. The HFSF shall monitor and evaluate the proper 
implementation of the restructuring plan and any amended restructuring plan, as the case may be. The HFSF 
may request amendments and addenda to the above-mentioned restructuring plan.
The HFSF may request from the credit institution amendments or additions to the draft restructuring plan or 
the draft of the restructuring plan under amendment. Following approval of the HFSF of the draft restructuring 
plan or the draft of the restructuring plan under amendment, the latter is forwarded to the Minister of Finance 
and is submitted to the EC for approval.
Any restructuring plan approved by the HFSF shall comply with EU rules on state aid and shall be approved 
by a decision of the European Commission. Additionally, it shall ensure the credit institution's restoration of 
adequate profitability, the burden-sharing to its shareholders and limit any distortion of competition. The HFSF 
monitors and evaluates the implementation of such approved restructuring plans. For the pursuit of its goals 
and the exercise of its rights the HFSF determines the outline of a framework agreement or an amended 
framework agreement with all credit institutions which receive or have received financial support by the EFSF 
or the ESM. The credit institutions enter into the aforementioned framework agreement. The credit institutions 
provide the HFSF with all the information reasonably requested by the EFSF or the ESM so that the HFSF 
may relay it to the EFSF or the ESM, unless the HFSF informs the credit institutions that they must send the 
requested information directly to the EFSF or the ESM.

--- Page 254 ---
254
The HFSF may grant a credit institution a letter of commitment that it will participate in the recapitalisation of 
such credit institution, subject to and in accordance with the procedure laid down in the HFSF Law (Articles 
6a and 7), as in force, and up to the amount of the capital shortfall determined by the competent authority, 
provided that the credit institution falls within the exception of Article 32(3)(d)(cc) of the BRRD Law as in 
force (in other words, the credit institution is not deemed by the SSM to be failing or likely to fail and such 
capital support will constitute precautionary recapitalisation, i.e. the support being provided is required in order 
to remedy a serious disturbance in the national economy and preserve financial stability). The HFSF provides 
the letter before the fulfilment of the conditions for the provision of the capital support set out in Article 6a of 
the HFSF Law, as in force, regarding the compulsory application of the burden sharing process. The 
above-mentioned commitment does not apply if, for any reason whatsoever, the licence of the credit institution 
is revoked or one of the resolution measures provided in the BRRD Law is undertaken.
Conditions for the Provision of Capital Support for the purpose of Precautionary Recapitalisation
If the voluntary measures that are provided in the restructuring plan or the amended restructuring plan cannot 
cover the total capital shortfall of the credit institution, as such has been determined by the competent authority, 
and in order to avoid a serious disturbance in the economy with negative consequences affecting citizens and 
in order for the state aid to be as minimal as possible, the mandatory application of the following measures 
may be decided by virtue of a Cabinet Act, following a proposal by the Bank of Greece, for the purpose of 
allocating the remainder of the capital shortfall to the holders of capital instruments and other liabilities, as 
deemed necessary.
The relevant measures include:
(a)
the absorption of any losses by the shareholders so that the credit institution's net asset value is zero, 
where necessary by the reduction of the nominal value of the shares, following a decision by the 
competent body of the credit institution;
(b)
the reduction of the nominal value of preference shares and other CET1 instruments, and following 
this, if necessary, of the nominal value of AT1 instruments (such as the Notes) and following this, if 
necessary, of the nominal value of T2 instruments and other subordinated liabilities and, following 
this, if necessary, of the nominal value of unsecured senior liabilities not preferred by mandatory 
provisions of law in order to restore the credit institution's net asset value to zero; or
(c)
where the credit institution's net asset value exceeds zero, the conversion of other CET1 instruments 
and following this, if necessary, of AT1 instruments and following this, if necessary, of T2 instruments 
and following this, if necessary, other subordinated liabilities and following this, if necessary, 
unsecured senior liabilities not preferred by mandatory provisions of law, into common shares in order 
to restore the necessary capital adequacy ratio, as required by the competent authority.
The allocation is completed by the publication of the relevant Cabinet Act at the Government Gazette. Without 
prejudice to the above, the allocation is made according to the following sequence, which applies according to 
the CRR and Article 145A(1) of Banking Law, as in force:
(a)
common shares and other Tier 1 instruments that fall under Article 26 of CRR;
(b)
if necessary, other Tier 1 instruments that fall under Article 31 of CRR;
(c)
if necessary, AT1 instruments;
(d)
if necessary, T2 instruments;
(e)
if necessary, all other subordinated liabilities; and
(f)
if necessary, unsecured senior liabilities not preferred by mandatory provisions of law.

--- Page 255 ---
255
In case of conversion of the preference shares issued according to Article 1 of Greek Law 3723/2008, as 
amended and in force, into common shares, the latter have full voting rights. The ownership of such common 
shares passes to the HFSF as of their conversion without the need for any formalities.
Any liabilities undertaken by the credit institution through guarantees granted in relation to the issue of capital 
instruments or liabilities of third legal entities included in its consolidated financial statements, as well as any 
claims against the credit institution from loan agreements between the credit institution and the above legal 
entities may also be subjected to the above measures.
The above Cabinet Act, following a proposal by the Bank of Greece, determines the instruments or liabilities 
subject to the above measures, by class, type, percentage and amount of participation, on the basis, if necessary, 
of a valuation by an independent valuer appointed by the Bank of Greece. The above instruments or liabilities 
are converted mandatorily to capital instruments in the context of a share capital increase decided by the credit 
institution according to Article 7 of the HFSF Law.
Exceptionally and provided there is a prior positive decision of the EC according to Articles 107 to 109 of the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the above measures may not be used either in their entirety 
or in relation to specific instruments, if the Ministerial Cabinet decides, following a proposal of the Bank of 
Greece that:
(a)
such measures may jeopardise financial stability; or
(b)
the application of such measures may have disproportionate results, as in the case of capital support 
to be provided by the HFSF is small in comparison with the credit institution's risk weighted assets or 
when a significant part of the capital shortfall has been covered by private sector measures.
The final appraisal of the above exceptions belongs to the EC, which will decide on a case-by-case basis. On 
the basis of the above reasons under (a) and (b), deviations may apply to the above sequence of liabilities and 
the principle of equal treatment.
The above measures are deemed, for the purposes of the recapitalisation, as reorganisation measures as per the 
definition of Article 3 of Greek Law 3458/2006, as amended and in force.
The application of the measures, voluntary or mandatory, may not in any case (a) constitute grounds for the 
activation of contractual clauses which apply in cases of winding-up or insolvency or the occurrence of any 
other event, which may be considered or treated as a credit event or may lead to the breach of contractual 
obligations by the credit institution or (b) be considered as non-fulfilment or breach of contractual obligations 
of the credit institution that gives the counterparty a right of early termination or cancellation of the agreement 
for a material reason. The above applies also in the case of insolvency or an event of default vis-à-vis third 
parties by a group member when this is due to the application of the measures on its claims against another 
member of the same group. 
Contractual clauses contrary to the above have no legal effect.
The holders of capital instruments or other claims, including unsecured senior liabilities not preferred by 
mandatory provisions of law of the credit institution that is subject to the above recapitalisation measures must 
not, following application of such measures, be in a worse financial position compared to the one they would 
be in if the credit institution had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings (no creditor worse off 
principle). If the above principle is breached, the above holders of capital instruments and other claims, 
including unsecured common liabilities not preferred by mandatory provisions of law have a right to 
compensation from the Hellenic Republic, provided they prove that their loss, directly due to the application 
of the mandatory measures, is greater than the loss they would have incurred if the credit institution were 
placed under special liquidation. In any case, the compensation may not exceed the difference between the 
value of their claims following the application of the relevant measures and the value of their claims in case of 
special liquidation, as such value is estimated by an independent entity appointed by the Bank of Greece in 
order to determine whether shareholders and holders of subordinated claims would have been in a better

--- Page 256 ---
256
financial position if the credit institution had been placed under special liquidation immediately before the 
application of the relevant decision.
The Cabinet Act which decides the application of the above mandatory measures is published in the 
Government Gazette and a summary thereof is published in the Official Journal of the European Union in 
Greek, in two daily newspapers published nationwide in the members states where the credit institution has 
established a branch or where it directly provides banking and other mutually accepted financial services, in 
the official language of such state.
The summary will include the following:
(a)
the reason and legal basis for the issuance of the Cabinet Act;
(b)
the legal remedies available against the Cabinet Act and the deadlines for their exercise; and
(c)
the competent courts before which the above legal remedies against the Cabinet Act may be exercised.
Article 6a(11) provides that the necessary details for the application of Article 6a of the HFSF Law, as in force, 
regarding the application of the above mandatory measures, including the process for the appointment of the 
independent valuators, the content of the independent valuations and the proposal of the Bank of Greece, the 
valuation methods of the claims or the capital instruments being converted, the substitution option of the issuer 
of the instruments, the completion of the conversion as well as the details for any compensation of the 
instrument holders, are regulated by a Cabinet Act.
Implementation of Public Financial Stability Measures
Following the decision of the Minister of Finance pursuant to Article 56(4) and Article 2 of the BRRD Law, 
upon the implementation of the measure of public capital support, the HFSF is designated as the vehicle for 
applying Article 57 of the BRRD Law, as in force. In this case, the HFSF participates in the recapitalisation of 
the credit institution and receives in return the instruments set forth in Article 57(1) of the BRRD Law, as in 
force. The HFSF participates in the capital increase and receives in return capital instruments after the 
application of any measures adopted in accordance with Article 2 of the BRRD Law.
Type of Capital Support
The HFSF provides capital support for the sole purpose of covering the credit institution's capital shortfall, as 
determined by the competent authority and up to the amount remaining uncovered, as long as such support is 
preceded by the application of the measures of the restructuring plan (referred to in Article 6 of the HFSF Law, 
as in force), any participation of private sector investors, the European Commission's approval of the 
restructuring plan and either:
(a)
any mandatory burden sharing measures (of Article 6a of the HFSF Law as in force), where the 
European Commission confirms as part of the approval of the restructuring plan that the credit 
institution falls within the exception of item d(cc) of Article 32 (3) of the BRRD Law (the credit 
institution is not failing nor likely to fail and the capital support is provided in the context of 
precautionary recapitalisation); or
(b)
the credit institution has been placed under resolution and measures have been taken pursuant to 
Article 2 of BRRD Law.
The relationship framework agreement between the HFSF and the credit institution has to be duly signed before 
any capital support is provided. Capital support shall be provided through the participation of the HFSF in the 
share capital increase of a credit institution through issuance of ordinary shares or the issuance of contingent 
convertible bonds or other convertible instruments which shall be subscribed by the HFSF. The breakdown of 
the above participation of the HFSF between ordinary shares and contingent convertible bonds or other 
convertible instruments is defined by Cabinet Act No. 36 dated 2 November 2015, as follows:

--- Page 257 ---
257
(a)
to common shares and by 75 per cent. to contingent convertible bonds up to the amount necessary to 
cover losses already incurred or likely to be incurred shortly in the future; and
(b)
for the remaining amount that would correspond to a precautionary recapitalisation, by 25 per cent. to 
common shares and by 75 per cent. to contingent convertible bonds.
Contingent Convertible Bonds
General Terms
The contingent convertible bonds issued in accordance with Article 7 of the HFSF Law, as in force, are 
governed by Greek law and may be issued in dematerialised form and be included, following an application 
of the HFSF, in the electronic files of non-listed securities maintained by ATHEX.
The contingent convertible bonds are issued following a decision by the General Meeting of Shareholders 
before or after the completion of a share capital increase according to Article 7 of Law 3864/2010, as in force. 
The bonds are transferred only with the consent of the credit institution, not to be unreasonably withheld and 
the consent of the supervisory authorities, according to Article 7(5)(c) of the HFSF Law, as in force.
The bonds have a nominal value of €100,000 each, are issued at par and are of indefinite duration without a 
fixed repayment date. They are direct, unsecured and subordinated investments in the credit institution and 
rank at all times pari passu with themselves. The bonds' terms do not expressly contain events of default and 
as a consequence all bondholders will be able to enforce the terms of the bonds only during the liquidation 
procedure.
In case a credit institution is placed under special liquidation they rank:
(a)
after all other claims (including those of subordinated creditors), including (indicatively) claims 
against the credit institution from liabilities recognised as AT1 or T2 Capital, but with the exception 
of Same Ranking Liabilities (the "Higher Ranking Liabilities"); and
(b)
pari passu with the credit institution's common shares and any other claim, which is agreed to rank 
pari passu with the bonds ("Same Ranking Liabilities").
During the special liquidation of the credit institution, the bondholders, prior to any conversion date, have a 
right over any remaining assets of the credit institution (available for distribution after repayment in full of all 
Higher Ranking Liabilities) for the nominal amount of their bonds plus any accrued and unpaid interest.
Subject to any mandatory provisions of law, the bondholders do not have any set-off right, security or guarantee 
that may upgrade the ranking of their claim during special liquidation.
Conversion
If, at any time, the credit institution's CET1 capital ratio, calculated on a consolidated or individual basis, is 
below 7 per cent. ("Activation Event"), the credit institution must:
(a)
convert the bonds by issuing to each bondholder Conversion Shares (as defined below), the number 
of which is determined by dividing 116 per cent. of the outstanding bonds' nominal value by the 
conversion price and further dividing by the percentage by which the bondholder participates in the 
total amount of the bond loan;
(b)
procure the publication of a conversion notification towards the bondholders, informing them, among 
other things, of the relevant conversion date, which may not be later than one month (or earlier if 
required by the supervising authorities), after which date the bonds will be converted; and

--- Page 258 ---
258
(c)
immediately inform the ECB, acting in the context of the SSM, of the occurrence of an Activation 
Event.
The above Act defines as Conversion Shares the common shares of the credit institution issued upon 
conversion of the bonds by dividing 116 per cent. of the specific nominal value by the price per common share 
of the credit institution, as set at the share capital increase taking place in accordance with Article 7 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010, as in force.
Following their conversion as per the above, the bonds will be cancelled and may not be reissued nor may their 
nominal value be restored for any reason. The terms and conditions of the bonds provide for readjustments to 
the conversion price on standard terms in case of specific corporate actions.
The bonds are converted automatically to common shares of the credit institution if for any reason the credit 
institution does not pay, in full or in part, the interest due on two, not necessarily consecutive, interest payment 
dates.
Interest
The bonds have an interest rate equal to (a) an annual rate of 8 per cent. (the Initial Interest Rate) from the 
issue date and up to the seventh anniversary of the issue date and (b) following this, if not repaid, the current 
Adjusted Interest Rate. The "Adjusted Interest Rate" is defined as the sum of: (a) the 7-year mid-swap rate 
for the relevant interest period plus (b) a margin equal to the difference between the Initial Interest Rate and 
the 7-year mid-swap rate applicable on the issue date.
Payment of interest (in full or in part) is exclusively at the discretion of the board of directors of the credit 
institution, but if paid, it is payable in cash. If the credit institution elects not to pay interest, such interest is 
cancelled and does not accumulate. The credit institution may not pay dividends on its common shares if it has 
decided not to pay interest on the preceding interest payment date.
The credit institution's board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, pay interest in the form of common 
shares of the credit institution. The number of common shares issued according to this option must be equal to 
the amount of interest divided by the price of common shares on the interest payment date (for as long as the 
common shares are listed in an organised market), otherwise to the value of CET1 capital corresponding to 
one common share as deriving from the financial statements of the credit institution most recently published 
prior to the payment date or the nominal value of the common share, whichever is higher. If so decided by the 
board of directors of the credit institution, the share capital increase takes place automatically and without any 
other procedural requirements or corporate decisions (including the shareholders' consent) and the 
corresponding common shares are issued automatically. Any interest payment is subject to the restrictions of 
the maximum distributable amount according to Article 141 of the CRD Directive (Article 131 of the Banking 
Law).
The credit institution may, in its absolute discretion, elect to repay all or some of the bonds at any time, at their 
nominal value, plus any accrued and unpaid interest (excluding any cancelled interest), provided that it has 
received the consent required at the time according to the CRD Directive or the Banking Law and that other 
claims, the repayment or repurchase of which must precede, as may be determined by the CRD Directive, have 
been repaid. Repayment by choice of the credit institution must be in cash.
Bondholders may not request the repayment of their bonds but only their conversion into common shares on 
the seventh anniversary.
If, due to a legislative change, either (a) the bonds cease to be included in the credit institution's CET1 capital 
or (b) a tax burden arises for the credit institution in relation to the bonds, as provided for in the above Act, the 
credit institution may substitute all the bonds or amend their terms, without the consent or approval of the 
bondholders, so that they may continue to be recognised in the credit institution's regulatory capital on terms 
that are not materially less beneficial to the bondholders.

--- Page 259 ---
259
Disposal of Shares and Bonds
With effect from 16 July 2022, the process for the disposal of all or part of the shares or other financial 
instruments of a credit institution held by the HFSF has been amended. The HFSF’s Board of Directors shall 
prepare a reasoned divestment strategy, which includes the general programme of disposal of shares or other 
financial instruments of credit institutions held by the HFSF, as well as specific guidelines for each credit 
institution, taking into account the specific characteristics of the HFSF’s participation in such credit institution. 
The divestment strategy observes free competition principles and is governed, indicatively and not 
exhaustively, by the following principles: (a) the financial and operational viability of the credit institution; 
(b) market conditions, macroeconomic conditions, and conditions applying to the credit sector; (c) the 
reasonably expected impact of the divestment strategy on Greece’s financial sector, markets and wider 
economy; (d) the observance of the principle of transparent action; (e) the need to draw up a timetable for the 
implementation of the divestment strategy, taking into account, inter alia, the HFSF’s duration; (f) the need to 
dispose of the HFSF’s participations in a reasonable and timely manner; and (g) the need to restore a purely 
private shareholding structure in the Greek banking sector. The divestment strategy includes provisions 
indicative of the following: (i) the appropriate competitive bidding procedures and participation conditions; 
(ii) the requirements of transparency and compliance with capital markets legislation; and (iii) the potential 
disposal methodologies. 
The HFSF’s Board of Directors may consult with any institutions it deems appropriate on matters relating to 
the divestment strategy, including credit institutions, ensuring the confidentiality of such consultations and the 
applicable market abuse regulations. In order to take the decision to adopt the divestment strategy, the HFSF’s 
Board of Directors entrusts the preparation of a report to an independent financial adviser with international 
reputation and experience in relevant matters (“strategic divestment adviser”). The role of a strategic 
divestment adviser is incompatible with the role of the disposal adviser, as explained below. The divestment 
strategy is subject to the previous consent of the Ministry of Finance, which may request the prior opinion of 
the Bank of Greece. The divestment strategy is to be kept up to date. The Ministry of Finance notifies the 
HFSF on a quarterly basis of its views concerning the divestment strategy and its implementation. The HFSF 
is obliged to notify the Ministry of any concerns in writing, within ten (10) working days. 
In order to take the decision to dispose of the shares or other financial instruments, the HFSF will be required 
to receive a report from an independent financial adviser, with international reputation and experience in 
relevant transactions (“disposal adviser”). The report is prepared in view of an envisaged disposal by a specific 
credit institution and includes at least the recommendation of the disposal adviser to the HFSF concerning the 
following matters: (a) proposal of a specific disposal transaction in accordance with the divestment strategy; 
(b) description and assessment of the prevailing market conditions; (c) a reasoned proposal of the most 
appropriate transaction structure. The report shall be accompanied by a reference timetable for the disposal of 
shares or other financial instruments. The report shall adequately justify the conditions and manner of disposal 
of the shares or other financial instruments held by the HFSF, as well as the necessary actions for the 
completion of the process and the observance of the schedule. The disposal adviser provides advisory support 
to the HFSF after the submission of its report, as well as at all stages of the transaction. The disposal of the 
HFSF’s participation in each credit institution takes place in a manner consistent with HFSF’s purposes. The 
mere fact that the disposal price is lower than the most recent market price or acquisition price by the HFSF is 
not sufficient on its own to postpone the adoption or implementation of the strategic disposal by the HFSF, 
without prejudice to any other provisions of the HFSF Law.
Concerning the selection of the disposal adviser, the Ministry of Finance provides its opinion to the HFSF 
based on a list of at least three (3) candidates, which is submitted by the HFSF. The HFSF ensures, by taking 
all reasonable measures, the avoidance of conflicts of interest between the adviser and the HFSF. The disposal 
adviser enters into a contract including, among others, liability clauses in case of non-execution or incomplete 
execution of his advisory work. For a period of one (1) year from the expiration of the above contract, the 
disposal adviser is prohibited from providing consulting services to any third party or entity on any issue 
relating to the content of the divestment strategy.

--- Page 260 ---
260
The disposal price of the shares and pre-emption rights held by HFSF will be determined by HFSF’s Board of 
Directors based on a valuation report submitted to the HFSF by the disposal adviser as part of its obligation to 
provide advisory services to the HFSF at all stages of the transaction implementation, as well as an additional 
valuation report produced by an independent financial adviser with reputation and experience in the valuation 
of credit institutions and in accordance with the aforementioned reports of the disposal adviser and the strategic 
divestment adviser. The role of such independent financial adviser will not be incompatible with the role of 
the strategic divestment adviser.
Cabinet Act No. 44/5.12.2015
Cabinet Act No. 44/5.12.2015, issued under Article 6a(11) of the HFSF Law, as amended by virtue of both 
Greek Laws 4340/2015 and 4346/2015, replaced Cabinet Act No. 11/11.4.2014.
Cabinet Act No. 44/5.12.2015 determines the procedure for the appointment by the Bank of Greece of a valuer 
for the valuation of the assets and the liabilities of the credit institution in case of and prior to the 
implementation of the burden sharing measures of Article 6a of the HFSF Law, as well as the content and 
purpose of such valuation.
The aforementioned act further specifies the details for the implementation of the mandatory measures of 
Article 6a of the HFSF Law, as in force and the details for the determination of any compensation claimed by 
the holders of the capital instruments and liabilities subject to the mandatory burden sharing measures of 
Article 6a of the HFSF Law, as in force.
Voting Rights
With effect from 16 July 2022, the HFSF is entitled to fully exercise all voting rights attached to any shares it 
holds, including shares it acquired in the context of capital support pursuant to Article 7 of the HFSF Law and 
any existing limitation to the exercise of HFSF’s voting rights shall be repealed. 
Powers of the HFSF Representative
The HFSF is represented by one director on the board of directors of a bank having received capital from the 
HFSF according to the HFSF Law, as in force, as its representative. The HFSF representative has the following 
powers:

to veto any decision of the credit institution's board of directors:

regarding the distribution of dividends and the remuneration and bonus policy concerning the 
chairman, the chief executive officer and the other members of the board of directors, as well 
as any person who exercised general manager's powers and their deputies where the ratio of 
NPEs to total exposure, as calculated for the purposes of Article 11(2)(g)(ii) of the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/451 of the Commission of 17 December 2020 (the "2020 
Implementing Regulation"), exceeds 10 per cent.; or

in relation to the amendment of the articles of association, including share capital increase or 
share capital decrease or the granting of a relevant authorisation the Board of Directors, 
merger, demerger, conversion, revival, extension of the period of existence or dissolution of 
the credit institution, transfer of assets, including sale of its subsidiaries, or for any other matter 
for which a qualified majority pursuant to Greek Law 4548/2018 is required and which can 
have a significant effect on the HFSF's participation in the credit institution's share capital;

to request an adjournment of any meeting of the credit institution's board of directors for three business 
days, until instructions are given from the HFSF's Managing Directors (such right may be exercised 
until the end of the board of directors meeting); and

to call a meeting of the credit institution's board of directors.

--- Page 261 ---
261
In exercising its rights, the HFSF representative takes into account the business autonomy of the credit 
institution.
The HFSF has free access to the books and records of the credit institution through executives and consultants 
of its choice.
General
During the participation of the HFSF in the share capital of credit institutions, such credit institutions cannot 
buy their own shares without the HFSF's approval.
The HFSF may additionally provide guarantees to countries, international organisations or others, and in 
general proceed with any necessary action for the implementation of decisions of the Eurozone bodies in 
connection with the support of the Greek economy. The HFSF may provide guarantees to the credit institutions 
of Article 2(1) of the HFSF Law and grant security on its assets for the fulfilment of its obligations from such 
guarantee as well as a loan to the HDIGF, guaranteed by the credit institution that participates in the HDIGF 
pro rata to their contributions either to the Resolution Fund or the Deposits Coverage Bench, as the case may 
be. The Minister of Finance by a decision may provide for any necessary detail for the implementation of the 
above.
In case the ratio of NPEs to total exposure, as calculated for the purposes of Article 11(2)(g)(ii) of the 2020 
Implementing Regulation, exceeds 10 per cent., and in any event until the end of the 2022 financial year, the 
fixed remuneration components of the chairman, the chief executive officer and the other members of the board 
of directors, as well as those who have the role or perform the duties of general manager, as well as their 
deputies, may not exceed the total fixed remuneration of the Governor of the Bank of Greece. No additional 
variable remuneration components shall be paid to the aforementioned persons throughout the period of the 
restructuring plan submitted to the European Commission for approval and until its implemention or as long 
as the ratio of non-performing exposures to total exposure, as calculated for the purposes of Article 11(2)(g)(ii) 
of the 2020 Implementing Regulation, exceeds 10 per cent. or until the end of the financial year 2022. 
Similarly, as long as the institution participates in the capital support program set out in Article 7 of the HFSF 
Law, the variable remuneration components shall only take the form of shares or stock options or other 
instruments within the meaning of Articles 52 or 63 of CRR, pursuant to Article 86 of the Greek Banking Law.
PSI Program 
Within the context of implementation of the PSI Programme, a number of legislative and regulatory acts were enacted. 
Initially, Greek Law 4046/2012 which was enacted on 14 February 2012 aimed to enable the voluntary bond exchange 
between the Hellenic Republic and certain private sector investors, as described in the statement of the Euro Summit 
dated 27 October 2011.
Greek Law 4050/2012 on the rules for the amendment of debt securities issued or guaranteed by the Hellenic Republic 
with the bondholder's agreement, which became effective on 23 February 2012, introduced the legal framework for the 
amendment of eligible securities, governed by Greek law and issued or guaranteed by the Hellenic Republic by the 
introduction of retroactive collective action clauses and their exchange with new securities. Pursuant to said law, the 
proposed amendments would be considered approved by the bondholders, if bondholders of at least 50 per cent. in 
aggregate principal amount of the eligible securities participate in the modification process set out in the relevant 
invitation and at least two-thirds of the participating principal of the participating bondholders consent to the proposed 
modification. Finally, by virtue of said law the Ministerial Council was authorised to decide the specific terms for the 
implementation of the above transactions and sub-delegate the PDMA to issue invitations to the bondholders to amend 
and exchange the eligible debt securities with new securities.
The implementation of Ministerial Council Act No. 5 dated 24 February 2012 provided for the redemption of the eligible 
securities governed by Greek law, in exchange for new securities issued by the Hellenic Republic and the EFSF and 
governed by English law, set the specific terms of the process, defined the eligible debt securities governed by Greek law

--- Page 262 ---
262
and issued prior to 31 December 2011 and specified the basic terms governing the new securities to be issued and 
exchanged.
Furthermore, the PDMA issued an invitation to the bondholders of the eligible debt securities, governed by both Greek 
and non-Greek law, seeking their consent for the amendment of the terms governing the eligible debt securities proposed 
by the Hellenic Republic in exchange for new securities issued by the Hellenic Republic and the EFSF and governed by 
English law and specified the terms of the process. The invitations, according to Greek Law 4050/2012, included, among 
others, terms relevant to: the eligible bonds and other terms such as subdivisions of the bonds, the proposed amendments, 
grace period, currency, terms and methods of payment, repayment and repurchase, termination reasons, negative 
obligations of the Issuer (negative pledges), rights and obligations of the trustee acting for the bondholders, etc.
Finally, the Ministerial Council Act No. 10 dated 9 March 2012 approved and ratified the decision of the Bondholders of 
the eligible debt securities governed by Greek law to consent to the proposed amendments in accordance with the 
applicable legal framework, as such consent was confirmed by the Bank of Greece, in its capacity as process manager. 
Pursuant to Greek Law 4050/2012, following publication of the above approving decision of the Ministerial Council, the 
proposed amendment became binding on all holders of eligible debt securities and supersedes all contrary provisions of 
Greek law, regulatory acts or contractual terms.
The PDMA also issued parallel invitations to holders of designated securities issued or guaranteed by the Hellenic 
Republic and governed by a law other than Greek law, to consent to the amendment of the terms of such designated 
securities and exchange them for new securities issued by the Hellenic Republic and the EFSF and governed by English 
law, in accordance with the terms of the invitation and the law and contractual terms governing said designated securities.
Subsequently, with Ministerial Decision No. 2/20964/0023A the details for the implementation of the 
amendment of the terms of the eligible securities and the issue of new securities were decided. 
Debt Buy-Back
The PDMA announced the terms of the Buy-back on 3 December 2012.
The offer entailed the exchange of twenty (20) designated bonds which were issued by the Hellenic Republic 
within the framework of the PSI and were governed by English Law (of a total outstanding nominal amount 
of €62 billion), for up to €10 billion aggregate principal amount of 6-month, zero-coupon, EFSF notes 
governed by English law, under a separate modified Dutch auction for each series of designated bonds.  The 
purchase prices to set in the modified Dutch auction ranged between 30.2 per cent. and 40.1 per cent. depending 
on the designated bonds' maturity.
More particularly, for each €1,000 principal amount of a designated bond, the bondholder would receive: 
(a) EFSF notes with a principal amount equal to one thousand (1,000) euros multiplied by the purchase price 
(expressed as a percentage to be applied to the principal amount of the relevant designated bond) selected by 
the Hellenic Republic for that series of designated bonds under the modified Dutch auction; and (b) EFSF 
notes with the principal amount equal to the amount of the accrued unpaid interests to but excluding the 
settlement date on that series of designated bonds (subject to rounding).
The exchange was settled on 11 December 2012 and the Hellenic Republic finally exchanged €11.3 billion 
value of EFSF notes for €31.8 billion value of designated bonds, resulting to a reduction of the debt to GDP 
ratio by 9.5 per cent., below the originally targeted 11 per cent.
Interest Rates
Under Greek law, interest rates applicable to bank loans are not subject to a legal maximum, but they must 
comply with certain requirements intended to ensure clarity and transparency, including with regard to their 
readjustments.  Specifically, the Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece No. 2501/31.10.2002 regarding

--- Page 263 ---
263
customers information requirements on the terms of their transactions with credit institutions provides that 
credit institutions operating in Greece should, among other things, determine their interest rates in the context 
of the open market and free competition rules, taking into consideration the risks undertaken on a case-by-case 
basis, potential changes in the financial conditions and data and information specifically provided by 
counterparties for this purpose.
Furthermore, Decision of the Banking and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece No. 178/3/19.7.2004 
clarifies Bank of Greece Governor's Acts Nos. 1087/1987, 1216/1987, 1955/1991, 2286/1994, 2326/1994 and 
2501/2002 concerning the determination of interest rates and customer information by credit institutions.  
Specifically, this decision expressly provides that the determination of the maximum limit for banking interest 
rates by administrative authorities, or their correlation with the maximum limit for non-banking interest rates, 
is not compatible with the principles governing the monetary policy of the European central bank system.  
Banking interest rates are freely determined taking into consideration the estimated risks on a case-by-case 
basis, the conditions on financial markets from time to time and the general obligations of the banks from the 
provisions governing their operation.
Limitations apply to the compounding of interest.  In particular, the compounding of interest with respect to 
bank loans and credits only applies if the relevant agreement so provides and is subject to limitations that apply 
under Article 30 of Greek law 2789/2000, as in force and Article 39 of Greek law 3259/2004, as in force.  It is 
also noted that with respect to interest of loans and other credits, Greek credit institutions must also apply 
Article 150 of the Banking Law, which, notwithstanding the accounting treatment under the applicable 
accounting standards, precludes credit institutions to account for interest income from loans which are overdue 
for more than a 3-month period, or six months in the case of loans to natural persons secured by real estate.
Moreover, according to Article 150 par.2 of the Banking Law it is prohibited to grant new loans for the 
repayment of overdue interest or to enter into debt settlement having a similar result, unless such actions are 
taken in the context of an agreement for the settlement of the entirety of the debts of the borrower, which shall 
be based on a detailed examination of the borrower's capacity to fulfil the undertaken obligations under specific 
timeframes.
Secured Lending
According to Article 11 of Banking Law, among the activities that Greek credit institutions are permitted to 
engage is lending including, inter alia: consumer credit, credit agreements relating to immovable property, 
factoring, with or without recourse, financing of commercial transactions (including forfeiting).
The provisions of legislative decree 17.7/13.08.1923 regulate issues regarding the granting of loans secured 
by in rem rights and Greek law 3301/2004 regulates issues regarding financial collateral arrangements.
Mortgage lending is extended mostly on the basis of mortgage pre-notations, which are less expensive and 
easier to record than mortgages and may be converted into full mortgages upon final non appealable court 
judgment.
European Directive 2014/17 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property 
lays down a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of 
the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise 
relating to residential immovable property, including an obligation to carry out a creditworthiness assessment 
before granting a credit, as a basis for the development of effective underwriting standards in relation to 
residential immovable property in the Member States, and for certain prudential and supervisory requirements, 
including for the establishment and supervision of credit intermediaries, appointed representatives and 
non-credit institutions.  Greece transposed Directive 2014/17 into national legislation by means of Greek law 
4438/2016 (Government Gazette issue A’ 220/28.11.2016).

--- Page 264 ---
264
Relationship Framework Agreement
For the realisation of the objectives and the exercise of the rights of the HFSF, the HFSF determines the 
relationship framework agreement or the amended relationship framework agreement, as the case may be, with 
all credit institutions that are or have been beneficiaries of financial assistance provided by the EFSF and the 
ESM. Moreover, the HFSF exercises the special rights stemming from relevant relationship framework 
agreements concluded under Article 6, paragraph 4 of the HFSF Law in the beneficiary credit institution that 
emerged through the transfer of the banking sector, via partial demerger or spin-off, in the context of a 
corporate transformation governed by Greek Law 4601/2019 of the credit institution that has received capital 
support from the HFSF. The credit institutions that are parties to such relationship framework agreement 
provide to the HFSF all information that the EFSF or the ESM might reasonably ask for, with a view to the 
HFSF transmitting such information to the EFSF or the ESM, except if the HFSF informs the credit institutions 
that they are under the obligation to transmit said information directly to the EFSF or the ESM.
Alpha Holdings and the HFSF have entered into a Relationship Framework Agreement (the "RFA"), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of Economic and Financial Policies and the provisions of 
the HFSF Law. The RFA was originally entered into force on 12 June 2013 but was subsequently replaced by 
a new RFA (the "New RFA") entered into on 23 November 2015. In the context of the Hive Down, the New 
RFA was transferred to the Issuer as part of such banking sector. There is an obligation to negotiate in good 
faith with the HFSF any amendments to the New RFA in order to preserve the rights of the HFSF at both the 
level of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer subject to applicable law.
In addition to the above-mentioned powers, by virtue of the New RFA and for the period which the HFSF 
holds shares of Alpha Holdings, the HFSF's appointed representative on the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
has the power, among other things, to include items in the agenda of the General Meeting of their ordinary 
shareholders, of their Board of Directors and of their committees in which the representative participates. The 
same rights are given in relation to both Alpha Holdings and the Issuer under the HFSF Law. In addition, in 
accordance with the New RFA, the HFSF's Representative is appointed as a member of each of the Board 
Committees (including in the Audit, Risk Management, Remuneration, Corporate Governance and 
Nominations Committee). Such HFSF's Representative has the right to include items in the agenda of the 
meetings of the committee in which he participates and to request the convocation of such committee within 
seven (7) days of his written request to the chairman of the relevant committee. The HFSF has also appointed 
an observer who will participate in all Committees of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer (but will have no voting 
rights), as well as in the Board of Directors of Alpha Holdings and the Issuer.
Under the New RFA, the Issuer's decision-making bodies will continue to determine independently their day-
to-day business, commercial strategy and policy. The New RFA remains in force for as long as the HFSF holds 
shares in Alpha Holdings, irrespective of the percentage of its holding. The New RFA may be amended 
pursuant to the HFSF Law, as in force.
The HFSF may grant a "resolution loan" (as defined in the Financial Facility Agreement of 19 August 2015) 
to the HDIGF for the purposes of funding bank resolution costs, subject to the provisions of the above-
mentioned Financial Facility Agreement and in compliance with EU rules on state aid. For the repayment of 
such loan the credit institutions participating in the HDIGF are liable as guarantors at the ratio of their 
contribution either in the resolution scheme or in the deposit guarantee scheme, as the case may be. The 
amount, the time and the manner of drawdown on such loan, as well as any other necessary matter in 
connection therewith, are determined on an ad hoc basis by a decision of the Minister of Finance, following a 
request by the HDIGF and the opinion of the Bank of Greece.
Restrictions on the Use of Capital
The compulsory commitments framework of the Bank of Greece is in line with Eurosystem regulations. 
Reserve ratios (the level of minimum deposits that credit institutions are required to hold on account with their 
national central bank), which is calculated in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2021/378 of the European 
Central Bank of 22 January 2021 on the application of minimum reserve requirements (recast) (ECB/2021/1),

--- Page 265 ---
265
repealing as of 26 June 2021 Regulation (EC) 1745/2003 of the ECB of 12 September 2003 on the application 
of minimum reserves (ECB/2003/9) are determined by category of liabilities at 1 per cent. for all categories of 
liabilities comprising the reserve base, with the exception of the following categories to which a zero ratio 
applies:

deposits with agreed maturity over two years;

deposits redeemable at notice over two years;

repos; and

debt securities with agreed maturity over two years.
This requirement applies to all credit institutions.
Restrictions on Enforcement
According to Greek law 4224/2013 and the Cabinet Act No. 6 of 17 February 2014, as amended by the Cabinet 
Act No 20 of 14 August 2015 and replaced by Greek law 4389/2016 (art. 72 to 98), the latter as amended by 
Greek laws 4497/2017 and 4830/2021, and in force, an intergovernmental Council for the Management of 
Private Debt was established (the Council). The Council is composed by the Ministers of Finance, 
Development and Tourism, Justice, Transparency and Human Rights, Labor, Social Security and Welfare, and 
Finance and introduces and monitors the necessary actions for the creation of a permanent mechanism having 
as purpose the resolution of the non-serviced/performing private debt of individuals, legal entities and 
undertakings.
Moreover, according to the provisions of Greek law 4224/2013, the Council provided a definition of 
"cooperating borrower" specifying when a borrower is classified as cooperating towards his/her lenders and 
assessed a methodology for determining "reasonable living expenses".  A “debtor” is considered cooperating 
if:  (i) it provides its creditor with its own or its representative’s full and up-to-date contact details; (ii) it is 
available to communicate with its creditor and reverts with honesty and clarity on its creditor’s calls and letters 
within 15 business days; (iii) it notifies its creditor fully and honestly of its current economic condition within 
15 business days from any change thereto or from the relevant creditor’s request; (iv) it communicates fully 
and honestly to its creditor any information that may significantly impact its economic condition within 15 
business days from the date it obtained such information; and (v) it consents to explore any alternative options 
for the restructuring of its debt
Greek law 4224/2013, in conjunction with ministerial decision no. 5921/2015, provides that the consumer 
ombudsman will act extra judicially as mediator solely for the amicable settlement of the dispute between 
lenders and borrowers for the purpose of settling non-accruing loans within the framework of the Banks' Code 
of Conduct for the management of non-accruing loans.
Bank of Greece has published new regulatory framework concerning the management of loans in arrears and 
non-accruing loans and specifically:

The Executive Committee Act No. 42/30.5.2014, as amended by Executive Committee Acts No. 
47/9.2.2015 and No. 102/30.08.2016 determined the framework of obligations of the credit institutions 
in relation to the administration of loans in arrears and non-performing loans, providing for an 
independent unit of each credit institution for the administration of such loans, the establishment of a 
separate procedure for the administration thereof supported by appropriate IT systems and periodic 
filing of reports to the management of the credit institutions and the Issuer of Greece; and

The Executive Committee Act No. 42/30.5.2014 was supplemented by Credit and Insurance 
Committee Decision No. 116/1/25.8.2014 of Bank of Greece "Introduction of a Code of Conduct under 
Greek law 4224/2013", as further amended by Credit and Insurance Committee Decision No.

--- Page 266 ---
266
148/10/05.10.2015 and as revised by Credit and Insurance Committee Decision No. 195/1/29.07.2016, 
as in force regarding the Revision of the Code of Conduct under Greek law 4224/2013 (the Code of 
Conduct).
Executive Committee Act No. 42/30.5.2014, as in force, lays down a special framework of requirements for 
credit institutions' management of past due and non accruing loans, in the framework of the provisions of 
Greek Law 4261/2014, EU Regulation 575/2013 and the relevant Bank of Greece decisions. This framework 
imposes, among others, the following obligations on credit institutions:
(a)
to establish an independent arrears and NPLs management (ANPLM) function;
(b)
to develop a separate, documented ANPLM strategy, the implementation of which will be supported 
by appropriate Management Information Systems (MIS) and procedures; and
(c)
to establish regular reporting to the management of the credit institution and the Bank of Greece.
The Code of Conduct lays down general principles of conduct and introduces best practices, aimed to 
strengthen the climate of confidence, ensure engagement and information exchange between borrowers and 
lending institutions, so that each party can weigh the benefits or consequences of alternative forbearance or 
resolution and closure solutions for loans in arrears for which the loan agreement has not been terminated, with 
the ultimate goal of working out the most appropriate solution for the case in question. The Code of Conduct 
is applied by credit institutions supervised by the Bank of Greece, as well as by all financial institutions of 
article 4 of the CRR and by Receivables Management Companies and Receivables Acquisition Companies of 
Greek law 4354/2015. Furthermore, the debtors subject to the Code of Conduct may be natural persons, 
professionals or enterprises, regardless of their legal form.
Each institution falling within the framework of the Code of Conduct of law 4224/2013 has to implement, inter 
alia, an Arrears Resolution Procedure (hereinafter ARP), a detailed record with categorisation of loans and 
borrowers, to which the examination procedure of the objections is recorded with details, as well as to establish 
an Objections Committee composed by at least three of its senior executives.
In dealing with cases of borrowers in arrears or pre arrears, every institution shall apply an ARP involving the 
following steps:

Step 1: Communication with the borrower

Step 2: Collection of financial and other information

Step 3: Assessment of financial data

Step 4: Proposal of appropriate solutions to the borrower

Step 5: Objections review procedure
It should be noted that the Bank of Greece will not deal with individual cases of disputes between creditors 
and borrowers that may arise from the implementation of the Code of Conduct.  Furthermore, Articles 1 – 3 of 
Greek law 4354/2015, as replaced by Article 70 of Greek law 4389/2016, as further amended by Greek laws 
4393/2016, 4472/2017, 4549/2018, 4643/2019 and 4701/2020, as well as Executive Committee Act 
118/19.5.2017, as amended and in force, establish the framework for the management and transfer of claims 
from loans that can include non-performing loans (NPL) by setting the requirements for the operation of loan 
management companies and loan transfer companies.
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published final guidance on NPL. The guidance outlined measures, processes 
and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPL. Moreover, on 15th of March 2018, the

--- Page 267 ---
267
ECB published an addendum to the ECB Guidance to banks on NPL. The addendum supplemented the 
qualitative NPL guidance and specified the ECB’s supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions 
for new NPL.
Under Ministerial Decision 2/94253/0025 as published in Government Gazette 5960/08.01.2018, credit 
institutions and borrowers (natural persons and businesses), may settle their loans under article 103 of Greek 
law 4549/2018, as recently amended by Greek law 4597/2019, which are guaranteed by the Greek State, in 
accordance with the provisions of Greek laws 2322/1995 and 4549/2018 and their delegated ministerial 
decisions without the intervention of the Greek State. 
Specific restrictions on enforcement against an individual debtor's primary residence may apply following a 
debtor's submission to recently introduced Greek Law 4605/2019 (published in Government Gazette No. 
52/01.04.2019) as adopted by the Greek Parliament on 29 March 2019. For a detailed description, see "– 
Settlement of amounts due by over-indebted individuals under Greek Law 3869/2010—protection of main 
residence of the debtor".
Management and/or transfer of loans
Greek law 4354/2015 (Articles from 1 to 3), as amended and in force (the Receivables Law), provides that 
the framework for the management and the transfer of receivables from both performing and non-performing 
loans and credits.  
According to article 1 par. 1 of the Receivables Law, the management of receivables stemming from loan 
agreements and credits that have been granted by credit or financial institutions is only assigned to (a) société 
anonymes of a special and exclusive purpose established in Greece; and (b) entities domiciled in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, provided that they have a permanent establishment in Greece through 
a branch with the purpose of managing claims from loans and credits. 
The above entities shall obtain a special license from the Bank of Greece, subject to governance and 
organizational requirements imposed by the Receivables Law and shall be subject to the supervision of the 
Bank of Greece. These entities are further registered with special registries held with the General Commercial 
Registry and are governed by the provisions of the Receivables Law and the Greek law 4548/2018. Moreover, 
the application to the Bank of Greece for the granting of the special license referred to above must be 
accompanied with certain information including, inter alia (a) the articles of association of the applicant 
company, as amended and in force, (b) the identity of the natural or legal persons holding directly (or indirectly, 
namely by exercising control through intermediary legal entities), a participation percentage or voting rights 
equal or more than ten per cent. of the applicant company’s share capital, (c) the identity of the natural or legal 
persons who, although not falling under (b) above, exercise control over the company through a written 
agreement or otherwise or by acting jointly, (d) the identity of the members of the board of directors or 
management, (e) certain questionnaires filled in by the shareholders and the directors of the applicant company 
in order to assess their capacity and suitability for this position (‘fit-and-proper’ test), (f) the organisational 
chart and internal documented procedures of the applicant, (g) the applicant’s business plan and (h) a detailed 
report recording thoroughly the main methods and principles ensuring the successful reorganisation of the 
loans. 
Irrespective of the above, the Bank of Greece may request any additional information that it considers 
important for the assessment of the application. The shares of the applicant company shall be registered shares.
Under the Receivables Law, the transfer of claims from loan agreements and credits that have been granted by 
credit or financial institutions can only take place by way of sale by virtue of a relevant written agreement and 
only to the following entities which:
(a)
are société anonymes that according to their articles of association may acquire claims from loans and 
credits, have their registered seat in Greece and are registered with the General Commercial Registry;

--- Page 268 ---
268
(b)
are domiciled within the EEA, which according to their articles of association may proceed to the 
acquisition of claims from loans and credits, subject to the EU legislation; and
(c)
are domiciled in third countries, which according to their articles of association may proceed to the 
acquisition of claims from loans and credits, subject to the EU legislation and have the discretion to 
be established in Greece through a branch, provided that: (i) their registered seat is not located in a 
state having a privileged tax regime, as such term is determined in the regulatory acts issued from time 
to time pursuant to Greek law 4172/2013 (Greek Tax Income Code) and (ii) their registered seat is 
not located in a non-cooperative state, as such term is determined in the regulatory acts issued from 
time to time pursuant to the Greek Tax Income Code.
The purchase of the aforementioned receivables is valid only to the extent that a relevant management 
agreement has been entered into between an entity falling within one of the categories under (a), (b), or (c) 
above and an entity for the management of claims that has been licensed and is supervised by the Bank of 
Greece pursuant to the Receivables Law. The entering into a management agreement is always required for 
every subsequent transfer of the said receivables. 
The Act of the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece No. 118/19.05.2017, as amended and in force, sets 
out in detail the rules on the establishment and operation of companies acquiring and/or managing receivables 
from loans and credits under the Receivables Law.  Certain loan categories had been temporarily excluded 
from the scope of the permitted sale and transfer until 31 December 2017; in particular such exclusion included 
loan agreements with mortgage or prenotation of mortgage on first residence of an objective value of up to 
€140,000.  
The aforesaid Act lays down in detail the procedure for the granting of licence to these companies, the 
prudential supervision requirements, as well as the main principles for the organisation and corporate 
governance of the aforementioned entities, including the data and report to be submitted to the Bank of Greece 
on a periodical basis, the fees to be paid to the Bank of Greece, as well as the liabilities of credit institutions 
which assign the management or transfer receivables under the Receivables Law.  
Directive (EU) 2021/2167 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2021 on credit 
servicers and credit purchasers and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU harmonizes provisions 
on credit servicers and their authorization, as well as on the purchase of non-performing loans, and regulates 
the cross-border provision of servicers in other member states. Member States must adopt and publish, by 29 
December 2023, the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with Directive 
2021/2167. Greece has not yet transposed the Directive into national law.
Guidelines for Capital Requirements
In June 2004 the Basel Committee issued a revised capital adequacy framework and, in November 2005, the 
Basel Committee issued its final proposals on capital standards, known as "Basel II". Basel II promotes the 
adoption of certain enhanced risk management practices.  It introduces counterparty-risk sensitive, 
conceptually sound approaches for the calculation of capital requirements that take into account the 
sophistication of risk management systems and methodologies applied by banks.
The revised framework retains key elements of the 1988 capital adequacy framework, including the general 
requirement for banks to hold an 8 per cent. own funds to risk-weighted asset ratio, the basic structure of the 
1996 amendment regarding the treatment of market risk and the definition of assets eligible for own capital 
purposes.
A significant innovation of the revised framework is the greater use of assessments of risk provided by banks' 
internal systems as inputs to capital calculations.  In taking this step, the framework also puts forward a detailed 
set of minimum requirements designed to ensure the integrity of these internal risk assessments. The revised 
framework introduces capital requirements for operational risk and directs banks to establish an internal capital

--- Page 269 ---
269
adequacy assessment process.  This process takes into account market, credit and operational risks as well as 
other risks, including, but not limited to, liquidity risk, concentration risk, interest rate risk in the bank's 
investment portfolio, business risk and strategic risk.
The revised framework provides a range of options of escalated sophistication for the determination of the 
capital requirements for credit and operational risk. Various options allow banks and supervisors to select those 
approaches that are most appropriate for their own operations and the structure of their capital market. 
Furthermore, Basel II significantly enhances the requirements for market disclosures on both quantitative and 
qualitative aspects of risk management practices and capital adequacy.
The Basel II framework was implemented in the EU in June 2006 by means of EU Directives No. 2006/48 and 
No. 2006/49.  These EU directives were transposed in Greece in August 2007 by means of Greek law 
3601/2007 accompanied by various Acts issued by the Governor of the Bank of Greece.
In 2008, the European Commission submitted a Proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and the 
Council of Europe amending Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC regarding banks affiliated with central 
institutions, certain own funds items, large exposures, supervisory arrangements and crisis management which 
led to the adoption of Directive 2009/111/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of Europe 
transposed into Greek law by virtue of Greek law 4021/2011, and Directives 2009/27/EC and 2009/83/EC as 
regards technical provisions concerning risk management.  Greece adopted the new measures as from 
31 December 2010.  
In December 2010, the Basel Committee issued two prudential framework documents ("Basel III: A global 
regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems", December 2010 and "Basel III: 
International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring", December 2010) which 
contain the Basel III capital and liquidity reform package.  The so called Basel III documents were revised in 
June 2011.  The new Directive No. 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013 
(CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and Council of 26 June 2013 (CRR) took 
effect on 1 January 2014 gradually introducing Basel III.  The new regime amends current rules on the capital 
requirements for banks and investment firms, aiming to further transpose into EU law the Basel III 
requirements, including rules regarding capital requirements, capital conservation and buffers, and liquidity 
and leverage.  Some major points of the new framework include:

Quality and Quantity of Capital. CRD IV revised the definition of regulatory capital and its 
components at each level. It also provided for a minimum Common Equity Tier I Ratio of 4.5 per 
cent., a Tier I Ratio of 6 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 8 per cent., without allowing member 
states to provide for a higher minimum ratio.  It also introduced a requirements, criteria and 
characteristics for Common Equity Tier I and Tier II capital instruments; EBA will prepare, publish 
and update a list of all capital instruments that qualify as Common Equity Tier I in each member state, 
starting from 1 February 2015;

Capital Conservation Buffer. In addition to the minimum Common Equity Tier I Ratio and Tier I 
Ratio, banks will be required to hold an additional buffer of 2.5 per cent. of common equity as capital 
conservation buffer.  Depletion of the capital conservation buffer will trigger limitations on dividends, 
distributions on capital instruments (Additional Tier I) and compensation and it is designed to absorb 
losses in stress periods;

Systemic Risk Buffer. According to CRD IV, member states may require the creation of a buffer against 
systemic risk in the financial sector or subsets thereof, in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-
cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks not covered by CRR, in the meaning of a risk of disruption 
the financial system with the potential to have serious negative consequences to the financial system 
and the real economy in a specific member state.  Such buffer may vary from 1 per cent. to 5 per cent. 
and is constituted by Common Equity Tier I elements;

--- Page 270 ---
270

Deductions from Common Equity Tier I. CRD IV revises the definition of items that should be 
deducted from regulatory capital.  In addition, most of the items that are now required to be deducted 
from regulatory capital will be deducted in whole from the Common Equity Tier I component;

A Grandfathering Period for existing non-common Equity Tier I and Tier II. Capital instruments that 
no longer qualify as non-common equity Tier I capital or Tier II capital were phased out over a period 
beginning 1 January 2013 and ending 31 December 2021.  The regulatory recognition of capital 
instruments qualifying as own funds until 31 December 2011 was reduced by a specific percentage in 
each subsequent year.  Step-up instruments will be phased out at their effective maturity date (i.e. their 
call and step up date) if the instruments do not meet the new criteria for inclusion in Tier I or Tier II.  
Existing public sector capital injections were grandfathered until 31 December 2017;

No Grandfathering for Instruments issued after 1 January 2012. Only those instruments issued before 
31 December 2011, will likely qualify for the transition arrangements discussed above;

Countercyclical Buffer. To protect the banking sector from excess aggregate credit growth CRD IV 
gives Member States the right to require an additional buffer of 0 per cent.-2.5 per cent. of Common 
Equity Tier I, to be imposed during periods of excess credit growth according to national 
circumstances.  The countercyclical buffer, when in effect, will be introduced as an extension of the 
capital conservation buffer;

Central counterparties. To address the systemic risk arising from the interconnectedness of banks and 
other financial institutions through the derivatives markets, the Basel Committee is supporting the 
efforts of the Committee on Payments and Settlement Systems and International Organisation of 
Securities Commissions (IOSCO) to establish strong standards for financial market infrastructures, 
including central counterparties (CCPs).  A 2 per cent. risk-weight factor is introduced by the CRR to 
certain trade exposures to qualifying CCPs (replacing the current 0 per cent. risk weighting).  The 
capitalisation of bank exposures to CCPs will be based in part on the compliance of the CCP with the 
IOSCO standards (since noncompliant CCPs will be treated as bilateral exposures and will not receive 
the preferential capital treatment referred to above).  As mentioned above, a bank's collateral and mark-
to-market exposures to CCPs meeting these enhanced principles will be subject to 2 per cent. 
risk-weight, and default fund exposures to CCPs will be capitalised based on a risk-sensitive waterfall 
approach;

Asset value correlation multiplier for large financial institutions.  A multiplier of 1.25 is proposed to 
be applied to the correlation parameter of all exposures to financial institutions meeting particular 
criteria specified by the Committee;

Counterparty Credit Risk. CRD IV is raising counterparty credit risk management standards in a 
number of areas, including for the treatment of so-called wrong-way risk, i.e. cases where the exposure 
increases when the credit quality of the counterparty deteriorates.  For example, the proposal includes 
a capital charge for potential mark-to-market losses (i.e. credit valuation adjustment risk) associated 
with a deterioration in the creditworthiness of a counterparty and the calculation of Expected Positive 
Exposure by taking into account stressed parameters;

Leverage Ratio. The Basel Committee confirmed its previously declared commitment to an 
unweighted Tier I leverage ratio of 3 per cent. that will apply for all banks as part of the Pillar II 
framework from 1 January 2013 with a view towards migrating the ratio to a Pillar I minimum 
requirement by 2018 (subject to any final adjustments);

Systemically Important Banks. Systemically important banks should have loss absorbing capacity 
beyond the minimum standards and the work on this issue is ongoing.  Under the new framework, a 
systemically important bank may be required to maintain a buffer of up to 2 per cent. of the total risk

--- Page 271 ---
271
exposure amount, taking into account the criteria for its identification as a systemically important bank.  
That buffer shall consist of and shall be supplementary to Common Equity Tier I capital; and

Liquidity Requirements. CRD IV introduced progressively as of 1 January 2015 a liquidity coverage 
ratio, and a net stable funding ratio from 1 January 2016, allowing in both cases member states to 
maintain or introduce national provisions until binding minimum standards are introduced by the 
European Commission.
On 8 March 2017, the EBA published the final guidelines on the liquidity coverage ratio disclosure. The final 
guidelines provide harmonised disclosure templates and tables for liquidity coverage ratio disclosure without 
altering the general disclosure framework provided for in the CRR. In particular, they envisage a fully-fledged 
quantitative liquidity coverage ratio disclosure template for systemic credit institutions and a simplified one 
for the rest of the credit institutions which will apply to them. Moreover, on 7 April 2018, the EBA published 
its final draft of implementing technical standards amending the European Commission’s Implementing 
Regulation (EU) No. 680/2014 on supervisory reporting. The updated implementing technical standards 
include changes to additional monitoring metrics for liquidity. The European Commission adopted the 
Implementing Act amending Regulation (EU) No. 680/2014 on supervisory reporting on 9 October 2018 and 
the amended requirements have applied from 31 December 2018. The EBA has determined that the Issuer is a 
systemic bank, as described above, and therefore, the Issuer has prepared a resolution plan at a Group level, 
identifying systemically important functions of the Issuer and the steps needed to maintain these functions 
under adverse scenarios. 
In addition to the material changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel III and CRD IV, 
there are several new initiatives. These initiatives include, among others, Markets in Financial Instruments 
Regulation (Regulation EU 600/2014), applicable since 3 January 2018 and a revised Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) transposed into national legislation by Greek law 4514/2018. 
Further to the implementation of MiFID II, following the Acts of the Execution Committee of the Bank of 
Greece were issued:

Act No. 146/13.07.2018 on the requirements for the registration in the Bank of Greece registry of 
persons providing investment services on behalf of credit institutions as tied agents pursuant to article 
29 of Greek law 4514/2018

Act No. 147/27.07.2018 on the framework for safeguarding financial instruments and funds belonging 
to clients and product governance obligations. 
Solvency II
The directive on the undertaking and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance "Solvency II" 
(Directive No. 2009/138/EC) of 25 November 2009 is a fundamental review of the capital adequacy regime 
for the European insurance sector business.  However, the EU adopted a full scale revision of the solvency and 
prudential framework applicable to insurance and reinsurance companies, as well as insurance groups known 
as Solvency II. The framework for Solvency II is set out in the Solvency II Directive and the Omnibus II 
Directive. Greece transposed the Solvency II framework by virtue of Law 4364/2016 (Government Gazette 
issue 13/05.02.2016), which sets out the regulatory requirements for insurance and reinsurance undertakings 
operating in Greece, the relevant supervisory regime and the resolution and liquidation framework for 
insurance undertakings.
Solvency II repealed the previously applicable regime under Solvency I and is aimed at creating a new solvency 
framework under which the financial requirements that apply to an insurance company, reinsurance company 
and insurance group better reflect such company’s specific risk profile.  Solvency II introduces economic risk 
based solvency requirements across all Member States for the first time.  While Solvency I included a relatively 
simple solvency formula based on technical provisions and insurance premiums, Solvency II introduces a new 
“total balance sheet” type regime where insurers’ material risks and their interactions are considered.  In

--- Page 272 ---
272
addition to these quantitative requirements (Pillar I), Solvency II also sets requirements for governance, risk 
management and effective supervision (Pillar II), and disclosure and transparency requirements (Pillar III). 
Pursuant to Pillar I, specific risk-based solvency capital requirements are introduced and the insurers are 
required to hold capital against market, credit and operational risk. Law 4364/2016 sets out specific rules for 
the calculation of own funds, the valuation of assets and liabilities and the valuation of technical provisions. 
In particular, with respect to own funds calculation, the resources held by insurance or reinsurance companies 
must be sufficient in order to cover both a Minimum Capital Requirement (MCR) and a Solvency Capital 
Requirement (SCR). The SCR shall be calculated on the basis of the company’s assets and liabilities, either 
by using a standard model or by developing an internal model adjusted to the needs of each company following 
approval by the supervisory authority (i.e. the Bank of Greece).
Pursuant to Pillar II, strict requirements with regard to identification, measurement and proactive management 
of risks have been established through the introduction of “Own Risk and Solvency Assessment” (ORSA). 
ORSA shall be used for the valuation and assessment of risks that may be incurred by an insurance or 
reinsurance company depending on its risk profile and their impact on the company’s solvency. An internal 
risk management control system shall also be introduced in the daily functions of insurance and reinsurance 
companies and the companies shall be required to report the way in which they undertake the risk management 
exercise and demonstrate how this affects their business activity and decision making procedures. Outsourcing 
of insurance or reinsurance activities to individuals or legal persons is permitted (subject to certain exceptions), 
but it does not discharge the company from its civil, penal, administrative and other obligations that are set out 
in Law 4364/2016.
Pursuant to Pillar III, an extensive and detailed reporting of financial and risk information is required to 
facilitate the supervisory review process through which the supervisor shall evaluate insurers' and reinsurers’ 
compliance with the laws, regulations and administrative provisions adopted under the Solvency II framework 
and any implementing measures. In this context, the insurance and reinsurance undertakings are required to 
publish, on an annual basis, a report regarding their solvency and financial condition. Moreover, in case of 
crucial developments that have affected their MSR or SCR, insurance or reinsurance companies may be 
required to disclose the amount of such variation and announce any corrective measures that they purport to 
apply. 
The Bank of Greece, in its capacity as supervisory authority, is responsible for the proper operation of the 
insurance and reinsurance market and the implementation of the new regulatory framework on a preventive, 
corrective and suppressive basis. The Bank of Greece exercises financial supervision on insurance and 
reinsurance companies operating in Greece, in order to confirm their solvency in accordance with the 
provisions of Greek law 4364/2016. Moreover, it evaluates, on a regular basis, the corporate governance 
principles applied by the supervised entities, their capital adequacy, including the quality and adequacy of own 
funds, their technical provisions, their risk assessment process and the companies’ ability to identify risks and 
adjust decision making process accordingly. The Bank of Greece may request to be provided with any 
information that is considered necessary to exercise its powers and it may impose on the insurance and 
reinsurance companies additional capital requirements under exceptional circumstances, as set out under 
article 26 of Greek law 4364/2016.
Banking Union
EU ambassadors on 15 February 2019 endorsed an agreement reached between the Romanian presidency and 
the EU Parliament on as set of revised rules aimed at reducing risks in the EU banking sector. The package 
agreed by the EU Council and EU Parliament on 15 February 2019 comprises two regulations and two 
directives relating to: 

Bank capital requirements (amendments to EU Regulation 575/2013 and EU Directive 2013/36/EU)

--- Page 273 ---
273

The recovery and resolution of banks in difficulty (amendments to EU Directive 2014/59/EU and EU 
Regulation 806/2014).
EU ambassadors have endorsed the deal on all risk reduction measures. The risk reduction package is intended 
to implement reforms agreed at international level following the 2007-2008 financial crisis to strengthen the 
banking sector and address outstanding challenges to financial stability. Presented in November 2016, they 
include elements agreed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and by the Financial Stability Board 
(FSB).
Among the core measures agreed to reduce risk in the banking system, the package enhances the framework 
for bank resolution. It requires global-systemically important institutions ('G-SIIs') to have more loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity by setting the requirements as regards the amount and quality of own 
funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) to ensure an effective and orderly "bail-in" process. It also provides 
provisional safeguards and possible additional actions for resolution authorities.
The package also strengthens bank capital requirements to reduce incentives for excessive risk taking, by 
including a binding leverage ratio, a binding net stable funding ratio and setting risk sensitive rules for trading 
in securities and derivatives.
In addition, the banking package contains measures to improve banks' lending capacity and to facilitate a 
greater role for banks in the capital markets, such as:

reducing the administrative burden for smaller and less complex banks, linked in particular to reporting 
and disclosure requirements;

enhancing the capacity of banks to lend to SMEs and to fund infrastructure projects;
The banking package also contains a framework for the cooperation and information sharing among the various 
authorities involved in the supervision and resolution of cross-border banking groups. The agreed measures 
preserve the balance achieved by the Council position between the powers of home and host supervisors in 
order to facilitate cross-border flows of capital and liquidity, while ensuring an adequate level of protection 
for depositors, creditors and financial stability in all member states. The agreement also introduces 
amendments to improve cooperation between competent authorities on matters related to the supervision of 
anti-money laundering activities.
Derivatives Transactions—European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)
In order to address the roots of the financial crisis, the G20 countries committed to address risks related to the 
derivative markets.  In order to make that commitment effective, the European Parliament and the Council 
have adopted a regulation that requires OTC derivative contracts to be cleared, derivative contracts to be 
reported and sets a framework to enhance the safety of central clearing counterparties (CCP) and for Trade 
Repositories (TR ).  The Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
Europe of 4 July 2012, on OTC derivatives, CCPs and TRs entered into force on 16 August 2012 and is directly 
applicable in all the Member States.  EMIR has been supplemented by several Commission Delegated 
Regulations (EU), including Regulations No. 148/2013 to 153/2013 of 19 December 2012, No. 1002/2013 and 
No. 1003/2013 of 12 July 2013, No. 284/2014 of 13 February 2014 and No. 667/2014 of March 13, 2014, No. 
2016/2251 of 4 October 2016, No. 2017/104 of 19 October 2016.
Extrajudicial debt settlement mechanisms
Extrajudicial debt settlement mechanism for businesses under Greek Law 4469/2017 (applications submitted 
until 30 April 2020)

--- Page 274 ---
274
Greek Law 4469/2017 provided for an extrajudicial procedure for settling debts towards any creditor, which 
derived from the debtor's business activity or other cause, provided that the settlement of those debts is 
considered vital by the participants in order to secure the debtor's business viability. Applications under the 
framework of Greek Law 4469/2017 could be submitted electronically to the Special Private Debt 
Management Secretariat ("EGDICH") by 30 April 2020 on the dedicated electronic platform in EGDICH's 
website.
The approval of the debt restructuring proposal required the debtor's consent and the formation of a majority 
of 3/5 of participating creditors, which includes 2/5 of participating creditors with special privilege.
The extrajudicial procedure is concluded by the execution of a debt restructuring agreement between the debtor 
and consenting creditors, otherwise the procedure is deemed unsuccessful. Certain specific types of claims and 
creditors whose claims do not exceed certain thresholds are excluded from the scope of this extrajudicial 
procedure and are not bound by the debt restructuring agreement. The debtor or a participating creditor may 
submit an application for ratification of the debt restructuring agreement to the Multi-Member Court of First 
Instance of the debtor's registered seat. The ratification decision is binding upon the debtor and all creditors, 
regardless of their participation in the negotiations of or their consent as to the debt restructuring agreement.
In case the debtor fails to pay any amount due to any of the creditors in accordance with the terms of the debt 
restructuring agreement for more than 90 days, the creditor has the right to request cancellation of the 
agreement towards all parties, by submitting a petition to the court which ratified the debt restructuring 
agreement, or, in case the debt restructuring agreement has not been ratified by a court, to the Multi-Member 
Court of First Instance of the debtor's registered seat.
It is noted that, when a debtor, who is deemed to be in a state of present or imminent inability to fulfil its 
financial obligations, has debts towards several credit or financial institutions or credit servicing firms under 
Greek Law 4354/2015, which have acquired or manage overdue receivables of that same debtor; such entities 
may cooperate to submit a common proposal to this debtor, in order to reach a sustainable solution. By means 
of joint ministerial decision no. 130060/29.11.2017, as applicable, a simplified procedure was introduced for 
businesses eligible to apply for an extrajudicial debt settlement mechanism under Greek Law 4469/2017, with 
total debt up to €300,000.
In case of a business debt settlement process pursuant to Greek Law 4469/2017, any individual and collective 
enforcement measures against the debtor, pending or not, for the satisfaction of claims, the settlement of which 
is pursued through the extrajudicial debt settlement, are automatically suspended for a 90-day period, starting 
from the date on which the invitation for participation in the procedure is sent by the coordinator to the 
creditors. The above suspension includes any request for preventive measures and the registration of a 
prenotation of mortgage, unless the taking of preventive measures aims at the prevention of the depreciation 
of the debtor's business due to the disposal of its assets. In case of non-completion of the extrajudicial procedure 
within the 90-day suspension period, due to extensions granted to creditors for the taking of actions, the 
suspension of enforcement and preventive measures is extended until the completion of the extrajudicial 
procedure, and only with respect to those creditors. If an extension is requested after the 90 days have lapsed, 
the suspension applies to the creditor requesting the extension and for as long as that extension is in force. The 
above suspension ceases automatically in case: (i) the procedure is terminated without success due to lack of 
quorum or for any reason whatsoever, or (ii) a decision is taken by the majority of the participating creditors 
to that effect.
The out-of-court debt settlement process pursuant to the Insolvency Code (entry into force from 1 June 2021)
The new out-of-court debt settlement process pursuant to the Insolvency Code, which came into effect on 
1 June 2021, replaces the procedure under the prior regime. Within the context of the out-of-court debt 
settlement process provided for by the Insolvency Code, individuals or legal entities, eligible to be declared 
bankrupt, may apply online to the Special Secretariat for Private Debt Management of Ministry of Finance 
through an electronic platform for the settlement of their debt towards: (a) financial institutions, including 
servicers, (b) the Greek state, and (c) social security institutions, subject to certain exemptions (e.g., a debtor 
may not file an application for the opening of an out-of-court debt settlement process in case 90% of its total

--- Page 275 ---
275
debts is to a single financial institution). It is noted that investment service providers, undertakings for 
collective investment in transferable securities, alternative investment funds and their managers, credit, 
financial and (re-) insurance institutions constitute entities falling outside the scope of the Insolvency Code, 
and thus, may not apply as debtors for the opening of the out-of-court debt settlement process.
Creditors that are financial institutions may accept the invitation for debt settlement, and submit a settlement 
proposal to the debtor. Subsequently, a restructuring agreement is executed provided the debtor and the 
majority (60%) (in terms of the value of the relevant claims) of the participating creditors who are financial 
institutions and participating secured creditors representing at least 40% of the total secured claims of the 
financial institutions, consent. The results of such settlement apply to all financial institutions. If the proposal 
provides for debt settlement against the Greek state and social security institutions, such creditors are deemed 
to have automatically consented, subject to certain requirements being fulfilled.
The process may also be initiated by the creditor(s), at their own discretion, upon service of an invitation to 
the debtor to apply for the opening of such procedure within 45 days as of such invitation. The lapse of this 
period without the filing of a relevant application by the debtor terminates the process.
All actions under the Banks' Code of Conduct, i.e., Act no. 195/2016 of the Governor of the Bank of Greece, 
issued under Article 1 of Greek Law 4224/2013, are automatically suspended as of the filing of the out-of-
court debt settlement application and so long as such process is not terminated. As of the conclusion of a 
restructuring agreement all enforcement actions and measures, pending or not, are also automatically 
suspended, with the exemption of the auctions scheduled to take place within three (3) months as of the filing 
date of the application by the debtor and of any relevant preparatory procedural action of the auction by a 
secured creditor, including foreclosure. Should a restructuring agreement not be signed by the debtor and the 
participating creditors within (2) two months as of the application filing date, excluding the period from 1st to 
31st August 2021, the process is terminated without success. The restructuring agreement can be terminated by 
any creditor whose claims are covered by the restructuring if the debtor is in default on the payment of an 
aggregate amount equal to either three payment instalments or 3% of the total amount due under the 
restructuring agreement. Termination of the restructuring agreement results in the reinstatement of the debtor's 
liabilities vis-à-vis the terminating creditor that become due and payable to the pre-settlement debt amount less 
any amount already paid under the settlement. Such termination does not affect the legal position of the debtor 
vis-à-vis other creditors covered by the restructuring.
It is noted that the performance of debts secured with a mortgage on the main residence of the debtor may be 
partially subsidised by the Greek state, subject to certain conditions. The subsidy is provided for five years, 
commencing on the application submission date. The subsidy requirements include, inter alia, a de minimis 
provision regarding the amounts owed to financing institutions, the Greek state and social security institutions 
(set at €20,000), as well as a cap to the amounts owed to each creditor (set at a €135,000 for individuals and a 
maximum of €215,000 per household). Finally, under Article 30 of the Insolvency Code financial institutions 
have the option of cooperating as to their common debtors by establishing common policies regarding, 
indicatively, the conditions of processing and approval of applications, a procedure of automated processing, 
the establishing of notification mechanisms for clients susceptible to financial hardship. Additionally, financial 
institutions have the option of amending the terms of loans guaranteed by the Greek State, indicatively with 
respect to their duration, interest rate, and the amount and frequency of instalments; without any quantitative 
increase of the guarantee liability and shall be applied otherwise and only in accordance with paragraphs 3 and 
4 of Article 60. 
Early warning mechanism and debtors' service centres (entry into force from 1 June 2021)
The Insolvency Code has introduced an early warning electronic mechanism for natural and legal persons, 
aiming to detect circumstances which could lead to their insolvency and creation of non-sustainable debts. The 
early warning mechanism, which is supervised by the Special Secretariat for Private Debt Management of 
Ministry of Finance, provides for the classification of debtor applicants into three risk levels (low, medium 
and high). Following the classification process, any natural person with no income from business or freelance 
activity classified as of medium or high risk, may contact the competent Borrowers' Service Centres or the 
Borrowers' Support Service Offices so that they receive free, specialised advice relating to the status of their

--- Page 276 ---
276
debts and the possible settlement options under the Insolvency Code. The same applies for debtors with income 
from freelance activity and debtors with income from business activity, natural or legal persons, which can 
seek free, specialised advice by the respective Professional Chambers or Associations or Institutional Social 
Partners.
Settlement of business debts under Greek Law 4307/2014 and the Insolvency Code.
Greek Law 4307/2014 provided for urgent interim measures for the relief of private debt, especially the 
settlement of debt of viable small businesses and professionals towards financing institutions (namely credit 
institutions, leasing and factoring companies, supervised by the Bank of Greece), the Greek state and social 
security institutions, as well as for emergency procedures for the rehabilitation ("εξυγίανση" in Greek) or 
liquidation of operating over-indebted but viable businesses, provided certain pre-conditions were met. In 
particular, this law introduced provisions on: a) incentives to small businesses and professionals, as well as to 
financing institutions for the settlement/write-off of private debt; b) debt relief and settlement of small 
businesses and professionals to the Greek state and social security institutions; c) an extraordinary debt 
settlement process as to corporate debts (binding on all creditors); d) an extraordinary special administration 
process; and e) the establishment of a committee to monitor and coordinate the implementation of the measures 
adopted with a view to their rapid and effective implementation.
Natural or legal persons with bankruptcy capacity and their centre of main interests in Greece, including small 
businesses and professionals, could file an application for the opening of an extraordinary debt settlement 
process. In particular, such debtors, could file a petition to the competent court (the Single-member Court of 
First Instance of the debtor's centre of operations) for the settlement of their debts, provided that their creditors 
consent and the petition is filed along with a restructuring agreement co-signed by such creditors. The law 
provides that the consenting creditors should represent at least 50.1% of the total claims, including at least 
50.1% of secured creditors with in rem security rights or special privilege or with any other form of security 
right resulting from a security agreement over assets on 30.06.2014 (i.e., pledge, assignment of claim, pledge 
under the provisions of Greek Law 2844/2000, or prenotation of mortgage), including at least two financing 
institutions, if the debtor has been financed by more than one financing institution, and such creditors should 
represent (at least) 20% of such debtors' total liabilities, in accordance with the Greek General Accounting 
Plan (presidential decree no. 1123/1980) or in accordance with International Accounting Standards.
If ratified by the court, the restructuring agreement was binding on all creditors, and a 12-month suspension of 
collective enforcement measures, including the debtor's declaration of bankruptcy, was imposed by law, 
starting from the publication of the said decision. If provided for in the restructuring agreement, any (individual 
or collective) actions could be suspended for a maximum duration of three months, starting from publication 
of the court's ratification decision. The deadline for filing such applications lapsed on 31 March 2016.
Additionally, Greek Law 4307/2014 provided for an extraordinary special administration process, with regard 
to natural persons or legal entities with bankruptcy capacity, that have their centre of main interests in Greece 
are, among other conditions, unable to repay their due debts in a general and permanent manner. This process 
intended to facilitate the sale of the debtor's business as a going concern, or the sale of individual business 
sectors and of individual assets, which do not constitute business sectors.
However, as of 1 March 2021 Articles 68 to 77 of Greek Law 4307/2014 on special administration proceedings 
have been repealed by the Insolvency Code. As of that date, new applications for the opening of special 
administration proceedings may no longer be submitted under Greek Law 4307/2014, which will, however, 
continue to apply to proceedings pending before the entry into effect of the Insolvency Code, unless otherwise 
expressly provided by the Insolvency Code. By virtue of a decision of the special administration creditors' 
meeting, which is to be convened by an invitation of the special administrator, the special administration 
proceedings may be exceptionally subjected to the Insolvency Code. In such event, the provisions of the 
equivalent procedural stage of the Insolvency Code will govern such proceedings by way of analogy and the 
special administrator will exercise the duties and responsibilities that are entrusted to the bankruptcy trustee as 
per the Insolvency Code.

--- Page 277 ---
277
Similarly to special administration proceedings provided for in Greek Law 4307/2014, the Insolvency Code 
provides for the power of the bankruptcy trustee to conduct a public tender for the sale of the business as a 
whole or the sale of separate operation unit(s) of the business. The liquidation process is followed pursuant to 
a relevant decision of the bankruptcy court. The main differences between the special administration 
proceedings under Greek Law 4307/2014 and the new process provided for by the Insolvency Code, are the 
following:

a notary public is hired to conduct the auction;

the auction is carried-out electronically, namely through the e-auction platform; and

following the auction, the creditors' meeting approves or opposes to the transaction, in which case the 
creditors' meeting may provide its approval subject to specific conditions (e.g., an increase of the 
proposed sale price).
In case of liquidation of separate assets, although the procedural aspects are the same as those of Greek Code 
of Civil Procedure, it is noted that there is no legal remedy that can be used to challenge the initial offering 
price set by independent evaluators.
Settlement of amounts due by over-indebted individuals under Greek Law 3869/2010—protection of main 
residence of the debtor
On 3 August 2010, Greek Law 3869/2010 came into effect with respect to the settlement of amounts due by 
over-indebted individuals. The law allowed the settlement of debts of individuals evidencing permanent and 
general inability (without intention) to repay their due debts, by submitting an application for a three-year 
settlement of their debts and writing off the remainder of their debts, in accordance with the terms of the 
settlement agreed. All individuals, both consumers and professionals, were subject to the provisions of Greek 
Law 3869/2010, as amended and in force, with the exception of individuals who could be declared bankrupt 
under the Bankruptcy Code.
This regulatory regime, as amended, allowed for the settlement of all amounts due to credit institutions 
(consumer, mortgage and commercial loans either promptly serviced or overdue), as well as those due to third 
parties with the exception of debts ascertained, during the year before the submission of the application, from 
intentional torts, administrative fines, monetary sanctions as well as obligations for spousal or child support. 
Following the amendment of the law by Greek Law 4336/2015, the scope of its provisions was widened to 
include ascertained debt towards the Greek state, tax authorities, municipalities and prefectures and social 
security funds, provided that such institutions are not the only creditors of the applicant and that the relevant 
debt was being subjected to restructuring along with its debt towards private creditors. Greek Law 3869/2010 
was further amended, among others, by Greek Law 4346/2015, which introduced provisions on the partial 
funding by the Hellenic Republic of the amount of monthly payments set by court decision.
On 29 March 2019, the Greek Parliament replaced the regime of Greek Law 3869/2010 for the protection of 
primary residence by adopting Greek Law 4605/2019. The new provisions, which entered into force on 
30 April 2019, introduced, inter alia, important amendments to the eligibility criteria for admission of debtors 
to the protective framework. Pursuant to the amended legal framework, eligible over-indebted debtors could 
apply online through a digital platform until 31 July 2020 for the settlement of their debts by arranging a partial 
repayment of their due debts in accordance with Greek Law 4605/2019.
Pursuant to Article 68 of Greek Law 4605/2019, debts eligible for settlement were restricted to those owed to 
credit institutions and, in the case of a house loan, to the Hellenic Consignment Deposit and Loans Fund and 
credit companies, for which a mortgage or a pre-notation of mortgage has been registered in favour of the 
aforementioned entities over the debtor's main residence and provided that such debts were in arrears for at 
least 90 days as at 31 December 2018. Ownership of the main residence did not have to be exclusive and 
complete in order to be protected. However, debts of natural persons cannot be settled if they are guaranteed 
by the Greek state. Within the framework mentioned above, the debtor should pay in equal monthly instalments 
and within 25 years an amount of 120% of the commercial value of its main residence, as determined on

--- Page 278 ---
278
31 December of the year prior to the submission of the application, plus interest calculated as 3-month Euribor 
+2%. The Greek state may also contribute to the payment of these monthly instalments under certain 
conditions.
It is also explicitly provided in the amended legal framework that (i) only a single application per debtor may 
be filed for the settlement of amounts owed; (ii) from the notification of the application to the creditor(s) until 
the lapse of the deadline provided by law for the debtor to request the judicial settlement, in case a consensus 
arrangement is not reached, auction proceedings against the debtor's main residence are suspended; (iii) a 
settlement proposal accepted by both the creditor and the debtor constitutes an enforceable title by virtue of 
which enforcement proceedings may be either initiated in relation to the remaining debtor's assets (except for 
their main residence) or initiated also for their main residence in case the debtor fails to meet the payment 
settlement conditions (i.e., if the debtor owes in total more than three monthly instalments); and (iv) transfer 
of claims of credit institutions, the assignment of their claims to credit servicing firms of Greek Law 
4354/2015, their securitisation in accordance with the provisions of Greek Law 3156/2003, or the replacement 
of the guarantor or co-debtor of such claims, do not prevent the settlement of amounts owed by the over-
indebted individuals.
In case a consensus arrangement is not reached between the parties (i.e., the credit institution or the Hellenic 
Consignment Deposit and Loans Fund and the debtor), the debtor may request the protection of its main 
residence by the competent court, on the terms mentioned herein above. If the borrower successfully completes 
the settlement plan and fully complies with it, then the remaining portion of the loan exceeding 120% of the 
value of the applicant's main residence plus interest calculated as three-month Euribor + 2% will be written 
off. In addition, any mortgage or mortgage pre-notation that has been registered over the main residence 
securing a claim under the settlement plan, is lifted. However, if the debtor fails to meet the payment settlement 
conditions (i.e., if the debtor owes in total more than three monthly instalments), enforcement proceedings 
may be initiated against the debtor even on their main residence.
As of 1 June 2021, pursuant to the Insolvency Code, new applications may no longer be submitted under Greek 
Law 3869/2010, which will, however, continue to apply to proceedings pending before 1 June 2021.
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals under the Insolvency Code (entry into force from 1 March 
or 1 June 2021, depending on the applicable provision).
The Insolvency Code consolidated the provisions of several statutes dealing with excessive indebtedness and 
debt settlement (such as Laws 3588/2007, 3869/2010, 4307/2014, 4469/2017 and 4605/2019) into one 
comprehensive legal framework of expanded scope, with all existing tools for debt settlement consolidated, 
regardless of their subject (such as indebted households, protection of main residence and extrajudicial 
settlement mechanisms). As at 1 March 2021, the provisions of the until then applicable legal regime contained 
in Greek Law 3588/2007 were repealed and the legal framework governing bankruptcy is now governed by 
the relevant provisions of the Insolvency Code.
The Insolvency Code establishes a special regime for protecting main residences of eligible individuals 
considered to be vulnerable distressed debtors, which provides for a sale and lease-back scheme for main 
residences and the establishment of a new organisation to implement the relevant process. The definition of 
vulnerable debtors is aligned with the criteria set out in Article 3 of Greek Law 4472/2017, as applicable (i.e., 
the eligibility criteria for the provision of housing benefits, including, inter alia, an individual yearly income 
cap set at €9,600). The respective applications are submitted to EGDICH, in accordance with the Decision of 
the Ministers of Finance and Labour and Social Affairs no. 96550/04.08.2021 (Government Gazette Issue B' 
3571/04.08.2021. The objective of the new framework is the liquidation of a debtor's main residence for the 
purposes of debt settlement, without the vulnerable debtor having to relocate or definitively lose ownership of 
their asset. This is effected by the establishment of a sale and lease-back private entity, contracting with the 
Greek state pursuant to a call for tenders of the latter.
According to this scheme, in the event that a vulnerable debtor is declared insolvent or that enforcement 
proceedings regarding their main residence are initiated, they may submit a request under the new regime, 
which then acquires ownership right over the debtor's immovable property at market value price as determined

--- Page 279 ---
279
by a certified valuator. In return, the new organisation leases the same property to the debtor for 12 years for 
a set amount of monthly rent (to be determined primarily based on the applicable housing loans' average 
interest rate). However, the price may be adjusted, if, in the context of an auction, the first offering price is 
significantly higher (15% or more) than the valuation price, in which case the purchase price is the lower of 
the first offering price and the price provided by a second certified evaluator appointed by the creditor seeking 
enforcement. Should no third-party, holder of right in rem, pose any objections to the transfer, the sale and 
lease-back entity purchases the residence free of any encumbrance or claim. The debtor maintains its status as 
beneficiary of the aforementioned housing benefits of Greek Law 4472/2017, which are now credited to the 
sale and lease-back entity as a partial payment of the relevant lease instalment. The lease is terminated in the 
event that the debtor has defaulted on 3 instalments and remains in default for at least 1 month after relevant 
notice is served. The termination of the lease leads to the abolishment of the debtor's buy-back rights. It is 
further noted that any rights of the debtor deriving from the lease are non-transferable, save for instances of 
universal succession.
The debtor may be entitled to re-purchase the property at a price objectively determined under the provisions 
of the said law upon fulfilment of its rental payment obligations. After full repayment at the end of the 12-year 
period or prior to that, the debtor (or its successors) is entitled to exercise a buy-back right. The buy-back price 
is defined pursuant to a Decision of the Minister of Finance, in accordance with Article 225 of the Insolvency 
Code, yet to be issued.
Further protective measures related to the COVID-19 pandemic
Greek Law 4790/2021 entered into force on 31 March 2021 and provides for urgent measures in response to 
the COVID-19 pandemic, including with respect to (i) the suspension of enforcement proceedings (and 
relevant deadlines); and (ii) the protection of the main residence of individuals who were financially affected 
by the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic.
With respect to the suspension of enforcement proceedings it is noted that:
(a)
the time period spanning from 7 November 2020 until 6 April 2021, i.e., the date on which the 
temporary cessation of operations of courts in Greece was lifted, will not be counted against any legal 
deadline for undertaking procedural and extrajudicial actions (this is not the case for proceedings under 
Greek Law 4307/2014). No statutory litigation interest ("τόκοι επιδικίας" in Greek) will be payable 
for this period;
(b)
all auctions of a borrower's non-perishable movable property, immovable property, ships and aircrafts, 
in the context of liquidation proceedings, scheduled between the reopening of courts in Greece and 
13 May 2021 are cancelled; and
(c)
all auctions scheduled between 07 November 2020 and 13 May 2021 that were cancelled in 
accordance with item (b) above, may be rescheduled by the creditor for a new auction date set after 
6 July 2021, provided that the deadline for filing legal remedies against the proceedings by a third 
party had not expired by 7 November 2020.
With respect to the protection of the main residence of individuals who were financially affected by the 
consequences of the pandemic, it is noted that:
(a)
Individuals who qualify (in accordance with criteria set by Greek Law 4790/2021 and after being 
verified by EGDICH) as financially affected by the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic may 
not be the subject of any seizure, auction of and enforcement proceedings against their main residence 
that would result in them having to vacate said property. This protection is granted until 31 May 2021; 
and
(b)
The above does not preclude the adjudication of claims, the issuance of a payment order, the service 
of an enforcement order, or interim measures proceedings, relating to the main residence.
Securitisations—the Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme (HAPS and HAPS 2)

--- Page 280 ---
280
Securitisations
Greek Law 3156/2003 (the Securitisation Law) sets out a framework for the assignment and securitisation of 
receivables in connection with either existing or future claims, originated by a commercial entity with 
registered seat in Greece or, resident abroad and having an establishment in Greece (a Transferor) and 
resulting from the Transferor's business activity. Article 10 of the Securitisation Law allows a Transferor to 
sell its receivables to a special purpose vehicle (an SPV), which must also be the issuer of notes to be issued 
in connection with the securitisation of such receivables. In particular, it provides that:
(a)
the assignment of the receivables is to be governed by the assignment provisions of the Greek Civil 
Code, which provides that ancillary rights relating to the receivables including mortgages, guarantees, 
pledges and other security interests will be transferred by the Transferor to the SPV along with the 
transfer of the receivables;
(b)
the transfer of the receivables pursuant to the Securitisation Law does not change the nature of the 
receivables, and all privileges which attach to the receivables for the benefit of the Transferor are also 
transferred to the SPV;
(c)
a summary of the receivables sale agreement must be registered with the competent Registry of 
Transcription, in accordance with the procedure set out under Article 3 of Greek Law 2844/2000 of 
the Hellenic Republic, following which registration (i) the validity of the sale of the receivables and 
of any ancillary rights relating to the receivables is not affected by any insolvency proceedings 
concerning the Transferor or the SPV; (ii) the underlying obligors of the receivables will be deemed 
to have received notice that there has been a sale of the receivables; and (iii) the legal pledge by 
operation of law over the securitised receivables and the separate account is established, as analysed 
under items (f) and (g) below;
(d)
the collection and servicing of the securitised receivables must be carried out by:
(i)
a credit institution or financial institution licensed to provide services in accordance with its 
scope of business in the European Economic Area; or
(ii)
the Transferor; or
(iii)
a third party that had guaranteed or serviced the receivables prior to the time of transfer to the 
SPV;
(each of the entities under items (i) to (iii), referred to as the Servicer).
(e)
if the SPV does not have a registered seat in Greece, and the securitised receivables are claims against 
consumers, payable in Greece, the Servicer of the securitised receivables must have an establishment 
in Greece;
(f)
any collection by the Servicer, in respect of the receivables, is made on behalf of the noteholders and 
the respective amounts are deposited in a collections account in the name of the issuer (separate from 
both the Transferor's and the Servicer's bankruptcy estate) held by it (if a credit institution) or with a 
credit institution operating in the EEA; and such collections account, any monies standing to its credit, 
and any security interest on behalf of the noteholders, may not be subjected to attachment, set-off or 
any other encumbrance sought to be imposed by any creditor of the Transferor, the Servicer, or by the 
account bank's creditors.
(g)
following the transfer of the receivables and the registration of the receivables sale agreement with the 
Registry, in accordance Article 3 of Greek Law 2844/2000 and the Securitisation Law, no security 
interest or encumbrance can be created over the receivables other than the one which is created

--- Page 281 ---
281
pursuant to the Securitisation Law, in favour of the noteholders and the other creditors of the SPV, 
constituting a pledge by operation of law. Additionally, a pledge by operation of law is created on the 
collections account for the benefit of the noteholders and all other creditors of the SPV.
(h)
the claims of the holders of the notes issued in connection with the securitisation of the receivables 
and also of the other creditors of the SPV from the enforcement of the pledge operating by law will 
rank ahead of the claims of any statutory preferential creditors.
The Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme (HAPS and HAPS 2)
Greek Law 4649/2019, as amended by Greek Law 4818/2021, provides the terms and conditions under which 
the Greek state guarantee may be provided in the context of securitisation of non-performing receivables from 
loans, credit agreements or leasing agreements by credit institutions under the asset protection scheme. This 
law provides for the conditions under which the securitisation must be implemented in order to qualify for the 
provision of the State guarantee, in line with initial decision no. 10.10.2019 C (2019) 7309 of the European 
Commission and decision 9.4.2021 C (2021) 2545 of the European Commission regarding the prolongation of 
the Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme. Such conditions include, inter alia, that the notes to be issued in the 
context of the securitisation must include at least senior and junior notes and the price paid to the Greek banks 
for the sale and transfer of non-performing receivables cannot exceed their aggregate net book value. The 
Greek state irrevocable and unconditional guarantee will be provided to the senior noteholders for the full 
repayment of principal and interest thereunder throughout the term of the notes. The initial aggregate 
commitment of the Greek state under the HAPS law amounted up to €12 billion. The aggregate commitment 
under the HAPS scheme extension, i.e. the HAPS 2, entered into force by virtue of Ministerial Decision 
45191/13.4.2021, amounts to an additional €12 billion. Under HAPS 2, applications for the provision of the 
Greek state guarantee may be filed exclusively within 18 months as of 9 April 2021, i.e., by 9 October 2022 
or such other date as may be designated by a decision of the Minister of Finance on the basis of a decision of 
the European Commission.
The Greek state guarantee is granted by a decision of the Minister of Finance and becomes effective upon 
(i) transfer through sale to private investors, for positive value, of at least 50 per cent. plus one of the issued 
junior notes, (ii) transfer through sale to private investors, for a positive price, of such number of the issued 
junior notes and of mezzanine notes (if issued) that allows the accounting derecognition of the securitised 
receivables in the financial statements of the transferor and its group; (iii) the senior tranche of the notes being 
rated at no less than BB- by an External Credit Assessment Institution (as defined in point (98) of Article 4(1) 
of the Capital Requirements Regulation); and (iv) assignment of the servicing of the securitised NPL portfolio 
to an independent servicer (not controlled by the transferor of the receivables). If the State guarantee has not 
become effective within 12 months as of the publication of the respective Ministerial Decision granting the 
guarantee, then such decision ceases automatically to be in force and the amount of the guarantee is released. 
New applications for the same securitisation may not be submitted before the lapse of 6 months. Certain 
ministerial decisions have been issued to set out the details for the implementation of the aforementioned law.
Additional Reporting Requirements for the Credit Institutions
Following the adoption of Basel II guidelines, the Governor of the Bank of Greece issued Act No. 2606 of 
21 February 2008, determining the new reporting requirements for credit institutions in Greece.  This Act was 
initially replaced by Act 2640 of 18 January 2011, and subsequently by Act 2651 of 20 January 2012 as 
amended and currently applicable and other relevant Acts of the Governor of the Bank of Greece.  The 
requirements include the following reports:

Share capital structure, special participations, persons who have a special affiliation with the credit 
institution and loans or credit exposures to persons with a special affiliation with the credit institution;

Other types of credit that have been provided to persons with a special affiliation with the credit 
institution;

--- Page 282 ---
282

Own funds and capital adequacy ratio;

Credit risk, counterparty risk and delivery settlement risk;

Market risks of the trading portfolio and foreign exchange risk;

Information on the composition of the financial instruments portfolio;

Operational risk;

Large exposures and concentration risk;

Liquidity risk;

Interbank market data;

Financial statements and financial information;

Covered bonds;

Internal control systems;

Prevention and suppression of money laundering and terrorist financing;

Information technology systems; and

Other information.
Furthermore, by virtue of Act No. 2670 of 7 March 2014, the Issuer must submit to the Bank of Greece periodic 
statements of its large exposures per country and wider economic and geographic zone.
The Issuer periodically submits to the Bank of Greece a full set of regulatory reports both at the Issuer and the 
Group level.  The Issuer periodically submits to the Bank of Greece a full set of regulatory reports both at the 
Issuer and the Group level.  Furthermore, under CRD IV and according to Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 
680/2014 of the Commission of 16 April 2014, as amended by Implementing Regulation No. 2015/79 of the 
Commission of December 2014 and Implementing Regulation No. 2015/227 of the Commission of 9 January 
2015 the Issuer submits reports to the competent authorities on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual and annual 
basis in relation to the following sectors:
(a)
Own funds requirements and financial information according to Article 99 of the CRR;
(b)
Losses stemming from lending collateralised by immovable property according to Article 101(4)(a) 
of the CRR;
(c)
Large exposures and other largest exposures according to Article 394(1) of the CRR;
(d)
Leverage ratio according to Article 430 of the CRR;
(e)
Liquidity Coverage requirements and Net Stable Funding requirements according to the CRR; and
(f)
Asset encumbrance according to Article 100 of the CRR.

--- Page 283 ---
283
Capital Requirements in Our Foreign Markets 
The United Kingdom and Serbia fully adopted the Basel II framework as of 1 January 2008 and 1 January 
2012, respectively.  Romania, Bulgaria and Cyprus, in their capacity as EU members, have already adopted 
the Basel II framework as of 1 January 2008.  Romania, Cyprus, Bulgaria and the United Kingdom have also 
transposed CRD IV as of 1 January 2014.
Deposit and Investment Guarantee Fund
Pursuant to Greek law 3746/2009, the Hellenic Deposit and Investment Guarantee Fund (the HDIGF) was 
established as a private law entity and a general successor of the Deposit Guarantee Fund provided for by 
Article 2 of Greek law 2832/2000.  The provisions currently applicable to the HDIGF are set out in Greek law 
4370/2016, as in force, transposing into Greek law Directive 2014/49/EU. Greek law 4370/2016 came into 
force on 7 March 2016 and repealed the previously applicable law 3746/2009, setting out the rules for the 
operation of guarantee schemes. 
Pursuant to Law 4370/2016, as in force, all credit institutions licensed to operate in Greece, with certain 
exemptions, and the local branches of credit institutions which have been established in non-EU Member States 
and are not covered by a guarantee scheme equivalent to that of the HDIGF mandatorily participate in the 
HDIGF.  Greek branches of foreign credit institutions established in EU Member States may also become 
members of the Investments Cover Scheme of HDIGF at their discretion.
The HDIGF has its registered seat in Athens, is supervised by the Minister of Finance, is not a state organisation 
or public legal entity and does not belong to the Greek public sector or the broader Greek public sector, as the 
latter is defined from time to time.  The HDIGF is managed by a seven-member board of directors the Chairman 
of which is one of the Deputy Governors of the Bank of Greece.  Of the remaining six members, one comes 
from the Ministry of Finance, three from the Bank of Greece and two from the Hellenic Bank Association.  
When reviewing and taking decisions in respect of requests for a credit institution's resolution under the BRR 
Law, the Board of Directors is constituted only by five directors, i.e. without the participation of the two 
directors appointed by the Hellenic Bank Association.  Members of the above board of directors are appointed 
by a decision of the Minister of Finance and have a five-year tenure.  60 per cent. of HDIGF's constitutive 
capital was covered by the Bank of Greece and 40 per cent. by the members of the Hellenic Bank Association.
The objective of the HDIGF is (1) to indemnify depositors of credit institutions participating in the HDIGF 
obligatorily or at their own initiative that are unable to fulfil their obligations towards their depositors and 
finance resolution measures of credit institutions through the deposits cover scheme (the Deposits Cover 
Scheme) in accordance with article 104 of Law 4335/2015 (the Resolution Scheme); (2) to indemnify 
investors-customers of credit institutions participating in the HDIGF obligatorily or at their own initiative, in 
relation to the provision of investment services from these credit institutions in case the latter are unable to 
fulfil their obligations from the provision of "covered investment services" (the Investments Cover Scheme); 
and (3) to provide financing, either in the case of (i) the transfer of a credit institution’s assets to another credit 
institution or another entity or (ii) a bridge bank established by the Bank of Greece under the reorganisation 
measures of articles 38 and 40 of Law 4335/2015.
Under the Deposits Cover Scheme, the maximum coverage limit for each depositor with deposits not falling 
within the “exempted deposits” category is €100,000, taking into account the total amount of its deposits with 
a credit institution minus any due and payable obligations towards the latter, subject to set-off in accordance 
with Greek law.  This amount is paid in euro to each depositor as an indemnity irrespective of the number of 
accounts, the currency or the country of operation of the branch in which it holds the deposit.  In case of joint 
bank accounts, as defined by Law 5638/1932 (Government Gazette 307/A), each depositor's share shall be 
taken into account for the purposes of the calculation of the maximum indemnification amount as a separate 
deposit and is entitled to cover up to the aforementioned limit with his or her other deposits, as analysed above.  
The deposit of a group of persons without legal personality shall be aggregated and treated as if made by a 
single depositor for the purpose of calculating the abovementioned limits.  By way of exemption, the Deposits

--- Page 284 ---
284
Cover Scheme covers deposits at an additional limit of up to a maximum amount of €300,000 deriving from 
specific activities (such as sale of a private property by an individual, payment of social security/insurance 
benefits, etc.) expressly specified in para 2 of article 9 of Law 4370/2016 credited to the relevant accounts, 
subject to the time limits and other conditions specified in Law 4370/2016, as in force.
The HDIGF also indemnifies the investors-clients of credit institutions participating in the Investment Cover 
Scheme with respect to claims from investment services up to the amount of €30,000 for the total of claims of 
such investor, irrespective of covered investment services, number of accounts, currency and place of provision 
of the relevant investment service.  In case the investors of HDIGF member credit institutions are co 
beneficiaries of the same claim to guaranteed investment services, each investor's share in the claim shall be 
taken into account for the purposes of the calculation of the maximum indemnification amount as a separate 
claim and is entitled to cover up to the aforementioned limit in aggregate with his or her other investment 
claims, as analysed above.  If the part of the claim corresponding to each co beneficiary is not specified in the 
agreement signed by the co beneficiaries and the HDIGF member credit institution, for the purposes of 
compensation each co beneficiary is considered as having an equal share in the investment.  For the purposes 
of compensation, the claim of a group of persons without legal personality shall be treated as if made by a 
single investor.
With regard to the Deposits Cover Scheme and the Investments Cover Scheme, the HDIGF is funded by the 
following sources: its founding capital, the initial and annual contributions of credit institutions obligatorily 
participating in the HDIGF's Deposits Cover Scheme and the Investments Cover Scheme, and supplementary 
contributions, as well as special resources coming from donations, liquidation of the HDIGF's claims, the 
management of the assets of the HDIGF's Deposit and Investment Cover Schemes and loans. Pursuant to 
Articles 98, 99 and 100 of BRRD Law, the Resolution Scheme of the HDIGF is funded by regular ex ante 
contributions and extraordinary ex post contributions of credit institutions mandatorily participating in the 
Resolution Scheme, and, if the regular ex ante contributions are not adequate or the ex post contributions are 
not adequate or immediately available, alternative financing, including loans or financial support by credit 
institutions, financial institutions or other third parties. In accordance with article 16 of Greek law 3864/2010, 
as amended by Greek law 4340/2015 and 4346/2015, the HDIGF may be granted a resolution loan, as set out 
in the Financial Facility Agreement dated 19 August 2015, by the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund for the 
purpose of covering expenses relating to the financing of banks' resolution pursuant to the provisions of the 
aforementioned Financial Facility Agreement without prejudice to the state aid rules of the European Union. 
The repayment of such loan will be guaranteed by the credit institutions participating in the HDIGF 
proportionately to their contributions to the Resolution Scheme or the Deposits Cover Scheme, as the case may 
be. 
Single Resolution Fund
On November 30, 2015, by virtue of Greek law 4350/2015, the Greek Parliament ratified the 
Intergovernmental Agreement "on the transfer and mutualisation of contributions to the Single Resolution 
Fund (SRF), an essential part of the Single Resolution Mechanism" (the IGA), concluded between 26 EU 
Member States (the Contracting Parties), including Greece, on 21 May 2014, as amended on 22 April 2015.
Pursuant to IGA the contracting EU Member States, the credit institutions of which participate in the SRM and 
SSM, undertook to:
(a)
irrevocably transfer contributions collected at national level through the resolution financing 
arrangements for the purpose of their resolution schemes (in Greece the Resolution Fund, namely the 
Resolution Scheme of the HDIGF) from the credit institutions authorised within their territory, 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 and Directive No. 2014/59/EU, to the SRF established by 
the aforementioned Regulation;
(b)
allocate such contributions to separate parts corresponding to each Contracting Party, for a transitional 
period commencing on the date IGA enters into force and ending on the date the SRF achieves the

--- Page 285 ---
285
target level of financing provided for in article 69 of Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, but no later than 
8 years from the entry into force of IGA.  The use of the different national parts shall be gradually 
rendered mutual, in order for the separation to cease to exist by the end of the transitional period.
The above-mentioned contributions include: (i) the ex-ante annual contributions from the credit institutions 
authorised within each Member State's territory the latest until the 30 June of such year, the first transfer taking 
placing the latest until the 30 June 2016; (ii) contributions collected by the contracting parties pursuant to 
articles 103 and 104 of the BRRD prior to the entry into force of IGA, minus the amount the national resolution 
arrangements may have used prior to the entry into force of IGA for resolution actions within their territories; 
and (iii) extraordinary ex-post contributions promptly upon their collection, where the available financial 
means of the SRF are not sufficient to cover the losses, costs or other expenses incurred by the use of the SRF 
in resolution actions.
IGA further provides for the way the separate national parts of contributions of the SRF are formed based on 
the amount of contributions paid by the institutions authorised within each Member State as well as the way 
each national part shall be used in case of recourse to the SRF for resolution purposes of an institution within 
a Member State's territory prior to the mutualisation of the SRF's contributions.  Also, IGA provides for the 
"temporary transfer of contributions" between the separate national parts, namely the cases under which the 
contracting Member States may require using the contributions of parts of the SRF corresponding to other 
Member States and not yet mutualised during the transitional period.
Prohibition of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing
Greece, as a member of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and as a Member State of the EU, fully 
complies with FATF recommendations and the relevant EU legal framework.
Directive (EU) 2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money 
laundering or terrorist financing, amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and repealing Directive 2005/60/EC 
and Directive 2005/60/EC (4th AML/CTF Directive) was transposed in Greece through Greek Law 4557/2018. 
Law 4557/2018 was recently amended by Greek Law 4734/2020 transposing in Greece Directive (EU) 
2018/843 amending Directive (EU) 2015/849 and Directives 2009/138/EC and 2013/36/EU (5th AML/CTF 
Directive), Greek Law 4816/2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2018/1673 on combating money laundering by 
criminal law (6th AML/CTF Directive) and Greek Law 4855/2021. The Bank of Greece has also signed the 
"Multilateral Agreement on the practical modalities for the exchange of information between the European 
Central Bank and national competent authorities responsible for supervising compliance with Anti-Money 
Laundering (AML) and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (CFT) framework, pursuant to article 57a(2) 
of Directive (EU) 2015/849.
The main provisions of the Greek legislation, as in force, provide, inter alia, the following:

categorisation of money laundering and terrorist financing as criminal offences;

a list of basic offences which includes, among others, bribery of political persons, bribery of 
employees, computer fraud, human trafficking, tax evasion, smuggling and non-payment of debts 
towards the state;

designation of persons falling within the ambit of Greek Law 4557/2018, including, among 
others,credit institutions; financial institutions; payment institutions; investment firms; electronic 
money institutions; credit companies; insurance undertakings operating in the field of life insurance; 
insurance intermediaries, when operating in the field of life insurance or investment-related services, 
with the exception of affiliated insurance intermediaries; leasing companies; factoring companies; 
credit servicing companies for loans and credits subject to the conditions set out in Article 1(25) of 
Receivables Law; estate agents in relation to transactions of a value up to at least €10,000, irrespective 
of whether such amount corresponds to the sale/purchase price or monthly rent; notaries and lawyers 
under certain circumstances; external auditors and any person that undertakes to provide, directly or

--- Page 286 ---
286
by means of other persons to which that other person is related, material aid, assistance or advice on 
tax matters as principal business or professional activity; persons trading or acting as intermediaries 
in the trade of works of art; service providers of exchange services between virtual currencies and fiat 
currencies as well as custodian digital wallet providers; (the obliged persons);

definition of the beneficial owner and establishment of a national central beneficial owner registry 
providing accurate and up-to-date information on the 'ultimate beneficial owner status' of any natural 
person(s) who ultimately owns or controls an entity and/or on whose behalf a transaction or activity is 
being conducted;

interconnection of the beneficial ownership registers at EU level;

improving transparency on the real owners of trusts;

obliged persons' obligation to identify customers, build KYC procedures, retain documents and report 
suspicious/unusual transactions to the competent AML/CTF national authorities;

description of the circumstances, under which the obliged persons must display due diligence as well 
as risk factors and simplified and enhanced customer due diligence;

definition of Politically Exposed Persons ("PEPs");

adoption of risk-based approach to AML compliance;

identify lower/higher AML risk areas;

setting up centralised bank account registers or retrieval systems;

disapplication of banking secrecy in case of money laundering activities; 

lifting the anonymity on electronic money products (prepaid cards) in particular when used online;

obligation to maintain evidence and records of transactions;

appointment of the competent national AML/CTF Authority which is responsible, among others, for 
examining reports filed by banks and other individuals or legal persons with respect to suspicious 
transactions and for ordering sanctions against individuals who are suspected of terrorism; 

enhanced due diligence and special measures applicable in relation to high risk third countries and 
improving checks on transactions involving such countries;

enhancing the powers of EU Financial Intelligence Units and facilitating their cooperation; 

enhancing cooperation between financial supervisory authorities; and 

criminal, administrative and other penalties that are imposed in case of breach of the AML/CTF 
Framework. Criminal sanctions may be imposed against natural persons, including persons who aid 
or abet or act as accessories, noting that, for the purposes of conviction for several offences, it is not 
necessary to establish all the factual elements or all circumstances relating to that criminal activity, 
including the identity of the perpetrator. While no criminal proceedings can be brought against legal 
entities under Greek law, they may face administrative sanctions (including dissolution and 
liquidation) for breaches of the AML/CTF Framework committed for their benefit by any person, 
acting either individually or as part of an organ of the legal person and having a leading position within 
the legal person.
The provisions of Greek Law 4557/2018 are complemented by Regulation (EU) 2015/847 on information 
accompanying transfers of funds and repealing Regulation (EC) No 1781/2006, which applies from 26 June

--- Page 287 ---
287
2017. It sets out rules on the information on payers and payees, accompanying transfers of funds, in order to 
help prevent, detect and investigate AML/CTF cases.
In the context of combating tax evasion, Directive (EU) 2016/2258 provides for the access of tax authorities 
to the mechanisms, procedures, documents and information applied and held by the obliged persons (including 
banks) for AML/CFT purposes. The Directive has been transposed into Greek law by Greek Law 4569/2018.
The Banking and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece has issued Decision 281/5/17.03.2009 on the 
"Prevention of the use of the credit and financial institutions under Bank of Greece supervision for money 
laundering and terrorist financing", Decision 285/6/09.07.2009 which sets out an indicative typology of 
unusual or suspicious transactions within the meaning of article 4(13), (14) Greek Law 3691/2008 and 
Decision 290/12/11.11.2009 on the "Framework governing the imposition of administrative sanctions on the 
institutions supervised by the Bank of Greece in accordance with| Article 52 of Greek Law 3691/2008". The 
aforementioned Decisions 281/5/17.03.2009 and 285/6/09.07.2009 were amended by the Act of the Governor 
of the Bank of Greece No. 2652/29.02.2012 providing for, inter alia, an indicative typology of unusual or 
suspicious transactions pertaining to tax evasion. Moreover, Decisions 281/5/17.03.2009 and 
290/12/11.11.2009 were further amended by Decision 300/30/28.07.2010 of the Banking and Credit 
Committee of the Bank of Greece setting out further obligations of the credit institutions under the AML/CTF 
legislation. Decisions 281/5/17.03.2009 was amended again by Decision 94/23/15.11.2013 of the Credit and 
Insurance Committee of the Bank of the Greece and Executive Committee Act 172/29.5.2020 of the Bank of 
Greece.
Decision 281/5/17.03.2009 takes into account the principle of proportionality, and includes the obligations of 
all credit and financial institutions and FATF recommendations. This decision also reflects the common 
understanding of the obligations imposed by Regulation (EU) 1781/2006 on the information on the payer 
accompanying transfers of funds. It is noted that Regulation (EU) 1781/2006 was repealed by Regulation (EU) 
2015/847 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the information accompanying 
transfers of funds and repealing Regulation (EC) No 1781/2006.
Recently, the Executive Committee Act No. 172/1/29.05.2020 of the Bank of Greece laid down the terms and 
conditions for digital customer identification by credit institutions and other supervised entities. The Executive 
Committee Act No. 172/1/29.05.2020. It contains a combination of organisational, technical and procedural 
measures that ensure a reliable identity identification of natural persons and are designed to prevent identity 
fraud. Two methods of digital onboarding are envisaged: (a) by videoconference with a trained agent; and (b) 
an automated procedure via a dynamic-selfie, subject to additional safeguard measures. The identification 
documents for natural persons that are acceptable are those incorporating enhanced security features. 
Exceptionally, for Greek citizens and only as part of the videoconference method, ID cards issued by the 
Hellenic Police, with data written in Latin characters, may be accepted following valuation of any underlying 
risks and subject to validity and authenticity checks through the central digital portal of the public 
administration.
The HCMC has adopted the following decisions:

HCMC Decision No 1/506/8.4.2009 for the prevention of the use of the financial system for money 
laundering and terrorist financing.

HCMC Decision No. 34/586/26.5.2011 for the application of due diligence measures in case of 
outsourcing functions or agency relationship. 

HCMC Decision No. 35/586/26.5.2011, amending the HCMC decision No. 01/506/08.04.2009 for the 
prevention of the use of the financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing. The above 
decision has, among others, extended the enhanced due diligence measures applicable to high-risk 
customers, and introduced the obligation of companies, subject to it, to freeze the assets of persons 
who are includedin relevant lists.

--- Page 288 ---
288

HCMC Decision No. 20/735/22.10.2015, amending article 2 of the HCMC decision No. 
01/506/08.04.2009 for the prevention of the use of the financial system for money laundering and 
terrorist financing. with respect to the application of due diligence measures. 

HCMC Decision No. 5/820/30.05.2018, amending article 10(2) of the HCMC decision No. 
01/506/08.04.2009 for the prevention of the use of the financial system for money laundering and 
terrorist financing, by introduction of the obligation for preparation of annual report and submission 
to the HCMC by the compliance officer.

HCMC Decision No. 4/894/23.10.2020 for the remote electronic identification of natural persons by 
obliged persons supervised by the HCMC when concluding business relationships or carrying out 
occasional transactions.

HCMC Decision 5/898/3.12.2020 for the establishment of a register of providers of exchange services 
between virtual currencies and fiat currencies and a register of custodian digital wallet providers
In July 2002, the Greek Parliament passed Greek Law 3034/2002, which transposed into Greek law the 
International Convention for the Suppression of the financing of terrorism, with which the Group fully 
complies.
In 2013, the Bank of Greece issued two Decisions (no. 94/23/2013 and no. 95/10/22.11.2013) which further 
strengthen the regulatory framework within which the supervised entities in Greece operate. Decision no. 
95/10/22.11.2013 on "information to be periodically disclosed by supervised institutions to the Bank of 
Greece" was further amended by Decision no. 108/1/04.04.2014, enhancing the frequency of reporting. The 
amendments mainly harmonise the applicable provisions to the revised FATF recommendations with respect 
to PEPs by categorising local PEPs as high risk customers and by imposing on the supervised banks additional 
reporting obligations pertaining to suspicious cross border transfer of funds, as well as to high risk banking 
products and customers.
Moreover, the European Commission issued Regulation (EU) 2016/1675 supplementing Directive (EU) 
2015/849 by identifying high-risk third countries with strategic deficiencies in their national AML/CTF 
frameworks, as amended and in force. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that on 5 December 2017 the Council of the European Union adopted its list 
of non-cooperative tax jurisdictions and published two Annexes containing: (i) the EU list of non-cooperative 
tax jurisdictions; and (ii) the different jurisdictions cooperating with the EU with respect to commitments taken 
to implement tax good governance principles. The Council of the European Union list is intended to promote 
good governance in taxation worldwide, maximising efforts to prevent tax avoidance, tax fraud and tax 
evasion. Furthermore it is also noted that the current list, as in force, is to be revised at least once a year and 
the competent EU authorities may recommend an update at any time. The latest revised list was adopted in 
October 2022. 
Payment Services in the Internal Market 
On 23 December 2015, Directive 2015/2366/EU (PSD2), which intends to incorporate and repeal the Directive 
2007/64/EC on payment services in the internal market (the Payment Services Directive or PSD) was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. PSD2 aims at improving the functioning of the 
internal market for payment services and more broadly for all goods and services given the need for innovative, 
efficient and secure means of payments. 
PSD2 was transposed into Greek law by virtue of Greek Law 4537/2018, as in force. The new legislative 
regime provides high protection regarding the rights of the users of the payment services. In particular, law 
4537/2018:

--- Page 289 ---
289

expands the reach of the original PSD to include payments to and from third countries, where at least 
one (and not anymore both) payment service provider is located within the EU. Moreover, the 
extension in scope will also have as an effect that the same rules will apply to payments that are made 
in a currency that is not denominated in Euro or another EU Member State's currency;

introduces new a Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) requirement. This involves the use of two 
authentication factors for bank operations that were not previously required, including payments and 
access to accounts online or via apps, as well as a stricter definition of what counts as an authentication 
factor;

introduces new security requirements for electronic payments and account access, along with new 
security challenges relating to AISPs and PISPs. Specifically, customers have the right to reclaim the 
amount of money transferred in cases where: (a) unauthorised credit of the customer's account was 
used for the purchasing of products or services; (b) authorised credit of the customer's account was 
used for the purchase of products or services (i) that did not mention the exact amount of the payment 
transaction and (ii) the amount of the payment transaction exceeded the amount reasonably expected 
by the customer, taking into account previous spending patterns, the framework contract's terms and 
the circumstances of the specific case; or (c) there was a non-execution or defective execution of the 
payment transaction by the Issuer;

encourages new players (TPPs) that offer specific payment solutions or services to customers to enter 
the payment market. The TPPs will have to follow the same rules as the traditional payment service 
providers: registration, licensing and supervision by the competent authorities. Furthermore, it opened 
the EU payment market for TPPs to offer payment services based on the access to the information 
from the payment account. These TPPs are categorised as account information service providers 
(AISPs) that allow consumers and businesses to have a global view on their financial situation, and 
the payment initiation service providers (PISPs) that help consumers to make online credit transfers 
and inform the merchant immediately of the payment initiation, allowing for the immediate dispatch 
of goods or immediate access to services purchased online. Moreover, PSD2 allows payment service 
providers that do not manage the account of the payment service user to issue card-based payment 
instruments to that account and to execute card-based payments from that account. Such "third party" 
payment service provider – which could be a bank not servicing the account of the payer – will be 
able, after consent of the user, to receive from the financial institution where the account is held a 
confirmation (a yes/no answer) as to whether there are sufficient funds on the account for the payment 
to be made;

standardises the different approaches to surcharges on card-based transactions, which are not allowed 
for those consumer cards affected by the interchange fee cap; and

enhances consumer rights by introducing: (a) reduced liability for non-authorised payments from €150 
to €50; and (b) unconditional refund right for direct debits in euro for a period of 8 weeks.
The Hellenic General Secretariat of Trade and Consumer Protection is appointed as competent authority to 
handle complaints of payment services users and other interested parties (i.e. consumer associations).
On 24 July 2013, the EC also published a proposal for a Regulation on interchange fees for card-based payment 
transactions which led to the adoption on 29 April 2015 of Regulation (EU) 2015/751 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on interchange fees for card-based payment transactions. Specifically, the 
Regulation, which is applicable as of 8 June 2015:

caps interchange fees at 0.2 per cent. of the transaction value for consumer debit cards and at 0.3 per 
cent. for consumer credit cards;

--- Page 290 ---
290

allows EU countries to define percentage caps lower than 0.3 per cent. for consumer credit card 
transactions;

allows EU countries to impose a fee of no more than 5 eurocents per transaction interchange fee in 
combination with the 0.2 per cent. cap for consumer debit card transactions; and

increases transparency on the level of fees paid by retailers, thus enabling them more easily to select 
which payment cards to accept. 
EU General Data Protection Regulation
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal 
data and on the free movement of such data (also known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation or the 
“GDPR”) represents a new legal framework for the data protection in the EU. It has applied directly in all EU 
Member States since 25 May 2018. Although a number of basic principles under previous Greek data privacy 
laws remain the same under the GDPR, the GDPR also introduces new obligations on data controllers and 
enhanced rights for data subjects. 
The GDPR applies to organisations located within the EU and also extends to organisations located outside of 
the EU if they offer goods and/or services to EU data subjects. Regulators have power to impose administrative 
fines and penalties for a breach of obligations under the GDPR, including fines for serious breaches of up to 4 
per cent. of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year or €20 million and fines of up 
to 2 per cent. of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year or €10 million for other 
specified infringements. The GDPR identifies a list of points to consider when imposing fines (including the 
nature, gravity and duration of the infringement). 
In Greece, Greek Law 4624/2019 implements and/or makes use of the derogations allowed by the GDPR and 
complements Greek Law 2472/1997, as amended and in force. However, there is still very little guidance as 
to how the Hellenic Data Protection Authority will enforce the GDPR. The Hellenic Data Protection Authority 
issued its opinion on Greek Law 4624/2019 in January 2020, which heavily criticised the lack of conformity 
of some of its provisions with the GDPR and Directive 2016/680 (the "LED"), which was also transposed into 
Greek law by virtue of Greek Law 4624/2019. Concerning Article 52, the Hellenic Data Protection Authority 
stated that Article 11 of the LED has been poorly transposed because Greek Law 4624/2019 does not provide 
the appropriate safeguards for the rights and freedoms of the data subject and at least the right to obtain human 
intervention on the part of the controller.
The Issuer has taken measures to comply with the GDPR and Greek law requirements.
Consumer protection
Credit institutions in Greece are subject to legislation aimed at protecting consumers from abusive terms and 
conditions. In particular, Greek Law 2251/1994, as supplemented by the Ministerial Decision no. 
5338/17.01.2018, with effective date as of 17 March 2018, and as amended and in force, sets forth rules on the 
marketing and advertisement of consumer financial services, prohibits unfair and misleading commercial 
practices and includes penalties for violations of such rules and prohibitions.
In addition, consumer protection issues are regulated through administrative decisions, such as Ministerial 
Decision Z1-798/2008 (Government Gazette Issue B' 1353/11.07.2008) on the prohibition of general terms 
which have been found to be abusive by final court decisions, as amended by Ministerial Decisions Ζ1-21/2011 
(Government Gazette Issue B' 21/18.01.2011) and Ζ1-74/2011 (Government Gazette Issue B' 292/22.02.2011).
Further to the above, Directive 2008/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of Europe on credit 
agreements for consumers and repeal of Council Directive 87/102/EEC, as amended and in force, provides for 
increased consumer protection in the context of consumer credit transactions and prescribes, among others, the

--- Page 291 ---
291
inclusion of standard information in advertising and the provision of pre-contractual and contractual 
information to consumers.
The aforesaid Directive was transposed into Greek legislation by Ministerial Decision Z1-699/2010 
(Government Gazette Issue B' 917/23.06.2010) with effect from 23 June 2010. The said Ministerial Decision 
provides for increased consumer protection in the context of consumer credit transactions and prescribes, 
among others, the inclusion of standard information in advertising and the provision of pre-contractual and 
contractual information to consumers. Ministerial Decision Z1-699/2010 was amended by Greek Law 
4438/2016, Ministerial Decision Ζ1-111/2012 (Government Gazette Issue Β΄ 627/2012) and Joint Ministerial 
Decision 108544/2018, that transposed into Greek law European Directive 2011/90/EU providing additional 
assumptions for the calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge.
The Ministerial Decision Z1-699/2010, as amended and in force, contains specific provisions regarding the 
provision of standard information for the advertising of credit agreements, and the minimum information that 
should be provided to consumers so as to enable them to compare different offers. In order for the consumers 
to make informed decisions, they must receive adequate information in a clear and precise manner through 
standard information that should be available to them prior to execution of the agreement, including, among 
others, the total amount of credit, the terms governing money withdrawals, duration, interest rate, and relevant 
examples. The credit agreements should be executed in writing or by any other relevant means.
Before the conclusion of the credit agreement, the creditor assesses the consumer's creditworthiness and 
solvency on the basis of sufficient information, where appropriate obtained from the consumer during the pre-
contractual stage, but also on the information provided by the consumer during a long-term transactional 
relationship, and after research on the proper data base, in accordance with the special provisions for the 
supervision of credit and financial institutions.
Consumers have the right to withdraw from their contracts within fourteen days without providing any 
justification. In order to withdraw from their contracts, consumers must inform the creditor and pay the 
principal and any accrued interest calculated from the date of the granting of the credit up to the date of its 
repayment, without any undue delay and at the latest within thirty days from the date of notification to the 
creditor. Consumers have the right to fulfil the entirety or part of their obligations before the date specified in 
the agreement. In case of early partial or full repayment, creditors are entitled to a reasonable and objectively 
justified compensation for any expenses directly related to the early repayment of the credit, provided that such 
early repayment is taking place within the time period for which a fixed interest has been agreed.
Finally, the Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece No. 2501/2002, as supplemented by Act of the Governor 
of the Bank of Greece No. 178/2004 and in force, sets out fundamental disclosure obligations of credit 
institutions operating in Greece vis-à-vis any Contracting Party.
Ministerial Decision 56885/2014 set a code of conduct for the protection of consumers during sales, offer 
periods and promotional actions while Joint Ministerial Decision 70330/2015 transposed Directive 
2013/11/EU on alternative dispute resolution for consumer disputes and introduced supplementary measures 
for the application of Regulation (EU) 524/2013 on online dispute resolution for consumer disputes.
Joint Ministerial Decision 5921/2015 (entered into force on 19 January 2015) set out the terms and the 
procedure for mediation of the consumer ombudsmen between credit institutions and debtors pursuant to the 
provisions of the Code of Conduct.
Presidential Decree No. 10/2017 introduced the "Code of Consumer Conduct" and set the principles to be 
applied to trade and the trading relations between suppliers and consumers and their associations. Finally, 
Ministerial Decision 31619/2017 introduced a Code of Consumer Conduct for e-commerce. 
Greek Law 4512/2018, which has been effective since 17 March 2018, as amended and in force, brought 
significant amendments to Greek Law 2251/1994. The most important of such amendments for the credit 
institutions or financial institutions and servicers supervised by the Bank of Greece are the following:

--- Page 292 ---
292
(a)
change in the definition of "consumer" falling within the ambit of the protection of Greek Law 
2251/1994 to include only individuals (and no longer legal entities); and
(b)
in the field of unfair terms in consumer contracts, protection is also provided only to the very small 
businesses, either natural or legal persons, as if it was offered to an individual. 
The above applies only to contracts entered into, or renewed after 17 March 2018. Old contracts are not affected 
by the introduced amendments.
Equity Participation by Banks in Other Companies
The Banking Law does not contain any provision regarding the equity participation of banks in other 
companies.  Article 89 of the CRR provides that the competent authorities of member states must publish their 
choice among the available options included in such article in relation to the conditions applicable to the 
acquisition by credit institutions of a qualified holding in other companies.
The Bank of Greece has not published its choice as per the above to this date.
According to the Act of the Governor of Bank of Greece No. 2604/04.02.2008, issued by authorisation of the 
now abolished Law 3601/2007 for the acquisition by credit institutions of qualifying holdings in the share 
capital of undertakings in the financial sector, as amended by Decision 281/10/17.03.2009 of the Banking and 
Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece, credit institutions were required to obtain the Bank of Greece's prior 
approval to acquire or increase a qualifying holding in the share capital of credit institutions, financial 
institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies, investment firms, information technology management 
companies, real estate property management companies, asset and liability management companies, payment 
systems management companies, external credit assessment institutions and financial data collection and 
processing companies.  The extent to which the above act remains applicable following the entry into force of 
the Banking Law is unclear.
Subject to EU regulations, new and significant holdings (concentrations) must be reported to the Greek 
Competition Commission according to Greek law 3959/2011 and must be notified to the European 
Commission, provided that they have community dimension within the meaning of Regulation No. 139/2004 
on the control of concentrations between undertakings, following the procedure set in such Regulation (as 
supplemented by Regulation No. 802/2004).
The HCMC and ATHEX must also be notified once certain ownership thresholds are exceeded with respect to 
listed companies according to Greek law 3556/2007, as amended by Greek laws 4374/2016 and 4416/2016, 
and the relevant decisions of the HCMC and the ATHEX Regulation.
Equity Participations in Greek Credit Institutions
Article 23 of the Banking Law provides for a specific procedure by which the Bank of Greece is notified of 
the intention of an individual or a legal entity to acquire a participation reaching or exceeding the thresholds 
set by such article (namely, 20 per cent., 1/3, 50 per cent. or the threshold required for the credit institution to 
become a subsidiary of the acquirer) of the percentage of the total share capital or voting rights of a credit 
institution authorised by the Bank of Greece, including the appraisal of the acquirer or the approval, as the case 
may be of the above acquisition.  It is noted that the notification obligation exists also in case an individual or 
a legal entity decides to cease holding directly or indirectly a participation in a credit institution seated in 
Greece or to reduce an existing participation below the above thresholds.  As of 4 November 2014 the above 
supervisory authorities of the Bank of Greece are exercised by the ECB in collaboration with the Bank of 
Greece.
Executive Committee Act No. 142 of Bank of Greece, issued on 11 June 2018, as in force, (which replaced 
the Executive Committee Act No. 22 of Bank of Greece, issued on 12 July 2013) codifies, among others, the

--- Page 293 ---
293
provisions regarding the authorisation of credit institutions in Greece and the acquisition of a qualifying 
holding in a credit institution.  Furthermore, this act specifies the necessary information for the prudential 
assessment of the proposed shareholders, the proposed members of the management body and the proposed 
key function holders of a credit institution by the Bank of Greece under the EBA guidelines.  Moreover, 
according to Executive Committee Act No. 48 of Bank of Greece, issued on 24 March 2015, as amended by 
the Executive Committee Act No. 142 of Bank of Greece, issued on 11 June 2018, the aforementioned 
information should be accompanied by appropriate privacy statements included in this Act concerning personal 
data processing.  
As at 4 November 2014, the supervisory tasks described above were conferred to the ECB in cooperation with 
the Bank of Greece, according to the provisions of Regulation 468/2014.
Deferred Tax Assets (DTAs) 
Greek Law 4302/2014 introduced Article 27A to the Greek Income Tax Code, which was initially replaced by 
Greek Law 4303/2014 and then by Greek Law 4340/2015 and was most recently amended by Greek Law 
4549/2018, 4722/2020 and, most recently, 4831/2021 (DTA Framework), to allow, under certain conditions, 
from 2016 onwards, credit institutions to convert DTAs falling within the scope of such law and arising (a) 
from the participation in the PSI and the buy-back programme and (b) from the sum of (i) the unamortised part 
of the crystallised loan losses from write-offs and disposals, (ii) the accounting debt write-offs and (iii) the 
remaining accumulated provisions and other general losses, with respect to existing amounts up to 30 June 
2015, into final and due receivables from the Hellenic Republic (Tax Credit). In the case of an accounting 
loss in a specific year, the Tax Credit will be calculated by multiplying the total amount as per the above of 
the deferred tax asset by the percentage represented by the accounting losses over net equity before such year's 
losses as appearing in the annual financial statements of the credit institution, excluding such year's accounting 
losses.
Pursuant to the new provisions of Greek Law 4831/2021, the transaction loss from the exchange of Greek 
government bonds or corporate bonds guaranteed by the Greek state, in application of a participation 
programme in the redistribution of Greek debt (of par. 2 of article 27 of law 4172/2013 of Greek law), deducts 
as a priority compared to the transaction loss due to credit risk. The amount of the annual transaction loss from 
credit risk deduction is limited to the amount of annual gains determined under tax law, before the deduction 
of these losses resulting from credit risk and after the deduction of the loss resulting from the PSI bond 
exchange, see "Regulation and Supervision – PSI Programme". The remaining amount of the annual deduction 
that has not been offset is carried forward for deduction in subsequent tax years within the twenty-year period, 
in which the remaining profits will remain after the annual deduction of the transaction losses corresponding 
to those years. The order of deduction of the transferred amounts is preceded by the older transaction loss 
balances compared to the newer ones. If at the end of the twenty-year amortisation period there are balances 
that have not been offset, these are losses subject to the five-year transfer rule. It is noted that the above 
provision does not affect the rate of the depreciation for regulatory purposes of the DTA, neither retrospectively 
nor in the future, i.e. the DTA will continue to be depreciated on a straight line basis (one-twentieth per year), 
for both previous, as well as for future sales of NPLs. In this context, the purpose of this amendment is to avoid 
a significant one-off impairment of DTAs, as a result of the tax amortisation of accumulated loan losses. The 
above applies from 1 January 2021 and concerns debit differences due to credit risk that have arisen since 1 
January 2016.
This legislation allows Greek credit institutions to treat such eligible DTAs as not "relying on future 
profitability" according to the CRD Directive, and as a result such DTAs are not deducted from Common 
Equity Tier I capital but rather risk weighted, thereby improving an institution's capital position. As of 30 
September 2022, the Issuer’s DTA falling within the scope of the DTA Framework amounted to €2.8 billion, 
comprising 53 per cent. of its total DTAs and 8.6 per cent. of RWAs.
The Tax Credit can be offset against income taxes payable. Any excess amount of the Tax Credit that cannot 
be offset against income taxes payable is immediately recognised as a receivable from the Hellenic Republic.

--- Page 294 ---
294
Upon conversion of DTA to DTC, the credit institution will issue conversion rights on its ordinary shares 
which will belong to the Hellenic Republic and correspond to common shares of the credit institution of a total 
market value equal to 100 per cent. of the Tax Credit prior to the set-off, and create a special reserve of an 
equal amount. The conversion price of the conversion rights will be based on the average trading price per 
share of the last 30 business days prior to the date that the Tax Credit becomes payable, weighted by trading 
volume. The exercise of such rights will take place without the payment of consideration. Existing shareholders 
will have, proportionate to their participation in the share capital of the credit institution, a call option on the 
conversion rights. Following the end of a reasonable period during which such option was not exercised, the 
rights are freely transferable.
The conversion mechanism (DTA to DTC) is also triggered in the case of resolution, liquidation or special 
liquidation of the institution concerned, as provided for in Greek or EU legislation, as the latter has been 
transposed into Greek legislation. In this case, any amount of DTCs which is not offset with the corresponding 
annual corporate income tax liability of the institution concerned gives rise to a direct payment claim against 
the Hellenic Republic.
The Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer held on 7 November 2014 approved the 
Issuer's submission in the scope of the DTA Framework, which is applicable from the tax year 2017 onwards 
for Tax Credits arising from the tax year 2016.

--- Page 295 ---
295
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
Servicing and Cash Management Deed
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, made between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Servicer contains 
provisions relating to, inter alia:

the Issuer's and Servicer's obligations when dealing with any cash flows arising from the Cover Pool 
and the Transaction Documents;

the servicing, calculation, notification and reporting services to be performed by the Servicer, together 
with cash management services and account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, the Collection Account and the Third Party 
Collection Account (if any);

the terms and conditions upon which the Servicer will have the option to sell in whole or in part the 
Loan Assets until one year prior to the Extended Final Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds, and thereafter will be obliged to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets;

the Issuer's right to prevent the sale of a Loan Asset to third parties by removing the Loan Asset made 
subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring within 10 Athens Business Days from the receipt 
of the offer letter, to the Transaction Account, an amount equal to the price set forth in such offer 
letter, subject to the provision of a solvency certificate;

the covenants of the Servicer;

the representations and warranties of the Issuer regarding itself and the Cover Pool Assets;

the responsibilities of the Servicer following the service of a Notice of Default on the Issuer or upon 
failure of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; and

the circumstances in which the Issuer or the Trustee will be obliged to appoint a new servicer to 
perform the Servicing and Cash Management Services. 
Servicing
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer has agreed to service the Loans and their 
Related Security comprised in the Cover Pool and provide cash management services.
The Servicer will be required to administer the Loans and their Related Security in accordance with the Issuer's 
administration, arrears and enforcement policies and procedures forming part of the Issuer's policy from time 
to time as they apply to those Loans.
The Servicer will have the power to exercise the rights, powers and discretions and to perform the duties of 
the Issuer in relation to the Loans and their Related Security that it is servicing pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, and to do anything which it reasonably considers necessary, 
convenient or incidental to the administration of the Loans and their Related Security.
Right of delegation by the Servicer
The Servicer may from time to time subcontract or delegate the performance of its duties under the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed, provided that it will nevertheless remain responsible for the performance of those 
duties to the Issuer and the Trustee and, in particular, will remain liable at all times for servicing the Loans and

--- Page 296 ---
296
their Related Security and for the acts or omissions of any delegate or sub-contractor.  Any such subcontracting 
or delegation may be varied or terminated at any time by the Servicer.
Appointment of Replacement Servicer
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each a Servicer Termination Event): 

default is made by the Servicer in the payment on the due date of any payment due and payable by it 
under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and such default continues unremedied for a period 
of three Athens Business Days after the earlier of the Servicer becoming aware of such default and 
receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Trustee requiring the same to be remedied; 

default is made by the Servicer in the performance or observance of any of its other covenants and 
obligations under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, which is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and such default continues unremedied for a period of 20 
Business Days after the Servicer becoming aware of such default, PROVIDED THAT where the 
relevant default occurs as a result of a default by any person to whom the Servicer has sub-contracted 
or delegated part of its obligations hereunder, such default shall not constitute a Servicer Termination 
Event if, within such period of 20 Athens Business Days of awareness of such default by the Servicer, 
the Servicer terminates the relevant sub-contracting or delegation arrangements and takes such steps 
as the Trustee may approve to remedy such default;

the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to the Servicer; or

the occurrence of an Issuer Event (where the Issuer and the Servicer are the same entity),
then at any time after the Trustee has received notice of any such Servicer Termination Event, the Trustee 
shall, following consultation with the Bank of Greece and while such Servicer Termination Event continues, 
use its reasonable endeavours to:
(a)
appoint an independent investment or commercial bank of international repute (the Investment Bank) 
to select an entity to act as a substitute servicer (the Replacement Servicer); and
(b)
by notice in writing to the Servicer terminate its appointment as Servicer under the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) specified in the 
notice.
In relation to any of the Servicer Termination Events listed above, any reference to the Servicer being "aware" 
of any matter, event or circumstance shall be satisfied if such matter, event or circumstance is actually known 
or ought to have been known to any member of the department of the Servicer with responsibility in respect 
of the obligations of the Servicer under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.
In the event that Trustee does not appoint the Investment Bank or the Investment Bank does not select a 
Replacement Servicer or the Trustee does not appoint the entity selected by the Investment Bank to act as 
Replacement Servicer within a reasonable period of time, the Bank of Greece may appoint, pursuant to Article 
21(2) of the Covered Bond Law, a special administrator in respect of the Cover Pool Assets provided that an 
Insolvency Event in relation to the Servicer (where the Issuer and the Servicer are the same entity) has 
occurred.
The Trustee will not be required to appoint the nominated Replacement Servicer if (a) the Bank of Greece is 
in the process of appointing a special administrator to the Issuer in respect of the Cover Pool Assets pursuant 
to Article 21(2) of the Covered Bond Law or (b) the Trustee is informed by the Bank of Greece that it intends 
to take any such actions listed in in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed or to adopt other steps that are 
more appropriate in the circumstances to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 297 ---
297
Insolvency Event means in respect of the Servicer: (a) an order is made or an effective resolution passed for 
the winding up of the relevant entity; or (b) the relevant entity stops or threatens to stop payment to its creditors 
generally or the relevant entity ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its business or substantially the whole 
of its business; or (c) an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver or 
other similar officer is appointed to the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, property and assets 
of the relevant entity or a distress, diligence or execution is levied or enforced upon or against the whole or 
any substantial part of the chattels or property of the relevant entity and, in the case of any of the foregoing 
events, is not discharged within 30 days; or (d) the Servicer is unable to pay its debts as they fall due other 
than where the Issuer or the Servicer is Alpha and any of the events set out in (a) to (c) above occurs in 
connection with a substitution in accordance with Condition 18 (Substitution of the Issuer); or (e) a creditors' 
collective enforcement procedure is commenced against the Servicer (including such procedure under Greek 
Bankruptcy Code, Greek law 4261/2014 and Greek law 3458/2006, as applicable).
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as servicer in any circumstances.
The Cover Pool
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Issuer will be entitled to create the Statutory Pledge over: 
(a)
certain eligible assets set out in Article 129 of Regulation 575/2013, as amended and in force, 
including, but not limited to, claims deriving from loans and credit facilities of any nature comprising 
the aggregate of all principal sums, interest, costs, charges, expenses, additional loan advances and 
other moneys (including, in case of any Subsidised Loans, any Subsidised Interest Amount due and 
owing with respect to such Subsidised Loan) and including the levy of Greek law 128/1975 but 
excluding any third party expenses due or owing with respect to such loan and/or credit facilities 
provided that such loans and credit facilities are secured by residential real estate (the Loans) together 
with any mortgages, mortgage pre-notations, guarantees or indemnity payments which may be granted 
or due, as the case may be, in connection therewith (the Related Security and, together with the 
Loans, the Loan Assets);
(b)
derivative financial instruments limited to the Hedging Agreements satisfying the requirements of 
Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law, as this is supplemented by Section F of Chapter III of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation; 
(c)
deposits with credit institutions (including any cash flows deriving therefrom) provided that such 
deposits comply with  article 8 of the Covered Bond Law as supplemented by Chapter III, Section A 
of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation (including the Transaction Account and the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Ledger, but excluding the Collection Account); and 
(d)
other liquid assets as defined in Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law
(each a Cover Pool Asset and collectively the Cover Pool).
Liquid Assets consist of the following types of assets, segregated in accordance with Article 18 of the Covered 
Bond Law:
(a)
assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61, that are valued in accordance with that delegated regulation, and are not issued by the credit 
institution issuing the covered bonds itself, its parent undertaking, other than a public sector entity that 
is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a 
securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and
(b)
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-term 
deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance with point (c)

--- Page 298 ---
298
of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, provided that the Secondary Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation excludes from the Cover Pool exposures referred to in item (b) of Article 129(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 that qualify for the credit quality step 2 as set out in Chapter 2 of Title 
II of the third part of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, even if they do not exceed 20 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of outstanding Covered Bonds .
The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration Statement so providing, to:
(a)
allocate to the Cover Pool Additional Cover Pool Assets for the purposes of issuing further Series of 
Covered Bonds and/or complying with the Statutory Tests and/or maintaining the initial rating(s) 
assigned to the Covered Bonds provided that with respect to any Cover Pool Assets allocated after the 
Issue Date for the first Series of Covered Bonds which are New Asset Types, Moody's has provided 
confirmation in writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or 
withdrawn as a result of such allocation; and
(b)
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event and provided that no breach of any Statutory Test would 
occur as a result of such removal or substitution (i) remove Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or 
(ii) substitute Cover Pool Assets with Additional Cover Pool Assets, provided that for any substitution 
of Additional Cover Pool Assets which are New Asset Types, Moody's has provided confirmation in 
writing that the ratings on the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected by, or withdrawn as a 
result of such removal or substitution (as the case may be).
Additional Cover Pool Assets means any further assets assigned to the Cover Pool by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer in accordance with the above or by way 
of mandatory changes below shall form part of the Cover Pool.
Minimum Credit Rating means a long term credit rating of at least Ba3 by Moody’s.
Statutory Tests
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall verify on each applicable Calculation Date that, 
as at the last calendar day of the calendar month immediately preceding such applicable Calculation Date, the 
Cover Pool satisfies the Statutory Tests, each of which are described below.  
(a)
The Nominal Value Test: Prior to an Issuer Event the Issuer must ensure that on each Calculation Date 
falling in January, April, July and October of each year, the nominal value of the Cover Pool (excluding 
for these purposes Loans in arrear of more than 90 days and any Loan in respect of which the Issuer 
is in breach of the Representations and Warranties given under the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed and such Loan has not been removed from the Cover Pool by the Issuer) (as determined in 
accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed) exceeds the Euro Equivalent of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon,  of all Series of 
Covered Bonds then outstanding by the OC Percentage, where the OC Percentage is at least equal to 
the Minimum OC Percentage (where the Minimum OC Percentage means 5 per cent.), or such higher 
percentage selected from time to time by the Issuer (or the Servicer acting on its behalf) and notified 
to the Rating Agencies, as determined pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  In order 
to assess compliance with this test, all of the assets comprising the Cover Pool shall be evaluated at 
their nominal value plus accrued, but unpaid, interest.
For the purposes of calculating the nominal value of the Cover Pool, the value of any foreign assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall be converted into euro on the basis of the exchange rate published 
by the European Central Bank (ECB) on such applicable Calculation Date as at the last calendar day 
of the immediately preceding calendar month.

--- Page 299 ---
299
(b)
The Net Present Value Test: Prior to an Issuer Event the Issuer must ensure that on each Calculation 
Date falling in January, April, July and October of each year, the net present value of the Covered 
Bond Liabilities is less than or equal to the net present value of the Cover Pool (excluding for these 
purposes any Loans in arrear of more than 90 days), including the Hedging Agreements (if included, 
at the discretion of the Issuer) as determined in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed.  This requirement must be satisfied even in the hypothesis of a parallel movement of the yield 
curve by 200 basis points.
For the purposes of calculating the net present value of the Cover Pool, all amounts denominated in a 
currency other than euro shall be converted into euro on the basis of the exchange rate published by 
the ECB as at the relevant Calculation Date.
The Covered Bond Liabilities shall at any time be the aggregate of liabilities due by the Issuer in 
respect of (a) accrued interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds, (b) principal due on all Series of 
Covered Bonds, (c) accrued liabilities due in respect of each Interest Rate Swap and Covered Bond 
Swap and (d) the expected costs for the maintenance and administration for the winding down of the 
Programme at least a rate of one per cent. of the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of all Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding.  
(c)
The Interest Coverage Test: Prior to an Issuer Event the Issuer must ensure that on each Calculation 
Date falling in January, April, July and October of each year, the amount corresponding to the 
payments of interest to the Covered Bondholders must not exceed the amount of interest that is 
expected to be collected during a period of twelve (12) months from the cover assets.
In addition to the above Statutory tests, for so long as any Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer has 
covenanted to comply with the provisions of the Covered Bond Law.
OEK means the Greek Worker Housing Organisation as succeeded in full by the Manpower Employment 
Organisations (OAED) by virtue of Greek law 4144/2013 and other relevant legislation.
OEK Framework Agreement means the bilateral agreement pursuant to which the OEK pays subsidies to 
the Issuer in respect of Subsidised Loans. 
OEK Subsidised Loans means those Loans in respect of which the OEK makes payment of Subsidised 
Interest Amounts pursuant to the applicable laws and the OEK Framework Agreement.
Prop Index Valuation means the index of movements in real estate prices issued by Prop Index SA in relation 
to residential properties in Greece.
State/OEK Subsidised Loans means those Loans which are both State Subsidised Loans and OEK Subsidised 
Loans.
State Subsidised Loans means those Loans in respect of which the Greek State or any entity owned by the 
Greek State (other than the OEK) makes payment of Subsidised Interest Amounts pursuant to all applicable 
laws.
Subsidised Interest Amounts means the interest subsidy amounts due and payable from the Greek State or 
any Greek State owned entity (other than the OEK) in respect of the State Subsidised Loans and/or from the 
OEK in respect of the OEK Subsidised Loans (as the case may be).
Subsidised Loan means any of the OEK Subsidised Loans, the State Subsidised Loans or the State/OEK 
Subsidised Loans.

--- Page 300 ---
300
Sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following an Issuer Event
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event (but prior to the service of a Notice of Default) which is 
continuing, the Servicer shall be obliged to try to sell Loans and their Related Security in the Cover Pool in 
respect of the relevant Series of Pass Through Covered Bonds and Accumulation Covered Bonds on or before 
the First Refinance Date and on or before each Refinance Date thereafter having the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount (the Selected Loans) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to remove the Selected Loans from the Cover 
Pool, in the case of the sale of Selected Loans following an Issuer Event and prior to a breach of the 
Amortisation Test, provided that where the Amortisation Test was met immediately prior to the proposed sale, 
that the Amortisation Test will continue to be met following any sale of Selected Loans or the removal of such 
Selected Loans from the Cover Pool provided that the amount by which the Amortisation Test is passed is not 
lessened or further reduced as a result of sale of such Selected Loans (unless the Selected Loans comprise the 
entire Cover Pool, for which case the only condition to the sale of such Selected Loans would be that 
Amortisation Test is not breached).
Prior to the Servicer making any offer to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third parties and 
provided that no Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Servicer will serve on the Issuer 
a loan offer notice in the form set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed (a Selected Loan Offer 
Notice) giving the Issuer the right to prevent the sale by the Servicer of all or part of the Selected Loans to 
third parties, by removing all or part of the Selected Loans made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and 
transferring an amount equal to the then Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant portion of the Selected 
Loans and the relevant portion of all arrears of interest and accrued interest relating to such Selected Loans to 
the Transaction Account. 
If the Issuer validly accepts the Servicer's offer to remove all or part of the Selected Loans and their Related 
Security from the Cover Pool by signing the duplicate Selected Loan Offer Notice in a manner indicating 
acceptance and delivering it to the Trustee and the Servicer within 10 Athens Business Days from and including 
the date of the Selected Loan Offer Notice, the Servicer shall within three Athens Business Days of receipt of 
such acceptance, serve a selected loan removal notice on the Issuer in the form set out in the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed (a Selected Loan Removal Notice).  Any removal of part of the Selected Loans and 
their Related Security pursuant to such Selected Loan Removal Notice will be in accordance with the 
requirements set out under "Method of Sale of Selected Loans" below.
The Servicer shall offer for sale the Selected Loans and their Related Security in respect of which the Issuer 
rejects or fails within the requisite time limit to accept the Servicer's offer to remove the Loans and their 
Related Security from the Cover Pool in the manner and on the terms set out in the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed.
Upon receipt of the Selected Loan Removal Notice duly signed on behalf of the Servicer, the Issuer shall 
promptly and in any event within two Athens Business Days (i)  sign and return a duplicate copy of the Selected 
Loan Removal Notice, (ii) deliver to the Servicer and the Trustee a solvency certificate stating that the Issuer 
is, at such time, solvent and (iii) shall remove from the Cover Pool the relevant portion of the Selected Loans 
(as specified in the Selected Loan Removal Notice) (and any other Loan secured or intended to be secured by 
that Related Security or any part of it) referred to in the relevant Selected Loan Removal Notice and where 
that portion is less than all of the Selected Loans the Loans and the Related Security in the portion that is 
removed shall be chosen from the Selected Loans on a random basis.  Completion of the removal of all or part 
of the Selected Loans by the Issuer will take place on the date specified in the Selected Loan Removal Notice 
(provided that such date is not later than the earlier to occur of the date which is (a) 10 Athens Business Days 
after receipt by the Servicer of the returned Selected Loan Removal Notice and (b) the Extended Final Maturity 
Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) when the Issuer shall, prior to the removal from the Cover Pool 
of all or part of the relevant Selected Loans (and any other Loan secured or intended to be secured by that 
Related Security or any part of it), pay to the Transaction Account an amount in cash equal to the price specified 
in the relevant Selected Loan Removal Notice.

--- Page 301 ---
301
On the date of completion of the removal of all or part of the Selected Loans and their Related Security in 
accordance with the above, the Issuer shall ensure that the Selected Loans are removed from the Registration 
Statement. 
Upon such completion of the removal of all or part of the Selected Loans and their Related Security in 
accordance with above or the sale of all or part of the Selected Loans and their Related Security to a third party 
or third parties, the Issuer shall cease to be under any further obligation to hold any Customer Files or other 
documents relating to the relevant removed or sold Selected Loans and their Related Security to the order of 
the Trustee and, if the Trustee holds such Customer Files or other documents, it will send them to the Issuer at 
the cost of the Issuer. 
Method of Sale of Selected Loans
If the Servicer elects to or is required to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third party purchasers 
(which may, where the Issuer is able to bid for Selected Loans, include the Issuer) following an Issuer Event 
which is continuing, the Servicer will be required to ensure that before offering Selected Loans for sale:
(a)
(unless the Selected Loans comprise the entire Cover Pool):
(i)
the Selected Loans have been selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis; and
(ii)
following an Issuer Event but prior to a breach of the Amortisation Test, the Selected Loans 
to be sold in any sale together (i) constitute all Selected Loans in relation to the relevant Series 
of Pass Through Covered Bonds and/or Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds, as applicable; 
or (ii) where they do not constitute all Selected Loans in relation to all Series of Pass Through 
Covered Bonds and/or Accumulation Covered Bonds, the Servicer has determined that the 
sale of such Selected Loans is beneficial to the Issuer having taken into account the costs that 
will be incurred as a result of the sale; 
(b)
the Servicer shall look to sell Selected Loans on or prior to the First Refinance Date and on or prior to 
each Refinance Date thereafter; and
(c)
the Selected Loans have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount (the Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) which is as close as possible to the amount calculated as 
follows:
g
outstandin
 then 
Bonds
Covered
of
Series
each 
of
respect 
in 
Amount 
Redemption
Required
 the
of
Equivalent
Euro
the
Pool
Cover 
in the
Loans
all
of
Balance
Principal
g
Outstandin
 x  
N
where N is an amount equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds (being each series of Pass Through Covered Bonds, and any 
applicable Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds) less amounts standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account (other than amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
to the extent the same represents amounts credited thereto in respect of outflows other than principal 
outflows) and the principal amount of any Liquid Assets or Authorised Investments (other than Liquid 
Assets or Authorised Investments acquired from amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger other than amounts deposited in the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger to cover 
principal outflows) (excluding all amounts to be applied to pay or provide for higher ranking amounts 
in the Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any 
Series of Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds and excluding any amounts standing to the credit of any Accumulation Ledger or which have

--- Page 302 ---
302
been set aside to pay any Series of Covered Bonds) and all Sale Proceeds received from the sale of 
other Selected Loans or removal of Selected Loans under the right of pre-emption).
For the purposes hereof:
Required Redemption Amount means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the amount 
calculated as follows:
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds
x
(1+ Negative Carry Factor x (days to next 
Interest Payment Date on which the relevant 
Series can be redeemed (or, in respect of any 
Accumulation Bonds, the Final Maturity 
Date) /365))
Where Negative Carry Factor is a percentage calculated by reference to the weighted average margin 
of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, not be less than 0.50 per cent. 
Euro Equivalent means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds which is denominated in (a) a 
currency other than Euro, the Euro equivalent of such amount ascertained using the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Rate relating to such Series of Covered Bonds and (b) Euro, the applicable amount in 
Euro.
For the purposes of this section headed "Method of Sale of Selected Loans", reference to a relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds shall be a reference to one or more Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Servicer 
is required to sell Selected Loans, which shall for the avoidance of doubt, be all Series of Pass Through Covered 
Bonds and any applicable Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds.
The Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption 
Amount, plus or minus (without double counting):
(a)
any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap Agreement in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds less (where applicable) the principal balance of any 
Liquid Assets and Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts to be applied on the next following 
Programme Payment Date to pay or repay higher ranking amounts in the Pre Event of Default Priority 
of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature 
prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and excluding standing to the 
credit of an Accumulation Ledger any amounts which have been set aside to pay any Series of Covered 
Bonds) and all Sale Proceeds received from the sale of other Selected Loans or removal of Selected 
Loans under the right of pre-emption); and plus or minus;
(b)
any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; plus
(c)
reasonable costs and expenses associated with the sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security 
and the reasonable costs and expenses of the Portfolio Manager connected with the sale of Selected 
Loans and their Security.
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer will as soon as possible and in any event within one 
calendar month of the First Refinance Date and, if applicable within one month of the occurrence of any further 
Refinance Date (if applicable), appoint a Portfolio Manager of recognised standing, and which is not an 
affiliate of the Issuer, on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best price for the 
sale of the Selected Loans (if such terms are commercially available in the market via a market auction process) 
and to advise it in relation to the sale of the Selected Loans to third party purchasers (which may, where the 
Issuer is able to bid for Selected Loans, include the Issuer) via a market auction process (except where the

--- Page 303 ---
303
Issuer exercises its right of pre-emption).  For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be obliged to 
appoint a Portfolio Manager should the Servicer fail to do so (and shall have no liability for such failure) and 
shall not be responsible for determining the identity of, or approving, the Portfolio Manager to be appointed 
by the Servicer following a nomination or determining or approving the terms of appointment of a Portfolio 
Manager.
The Servicer will appoint through a tender process a Portfolio Manager of recognised standing, and which is 
not an affiliate of the Issuer, on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best price 
for the sale of the Selected Loans (if such terms are commercially available in the market via a market auction 
process) and to advise it in relation to the sale of the Selected Loans to third party purchasers (which may, 
where the Issuer is able to bid for Selected Loans, include the Issuer) via a market auction process (except 
where the Issuer exercises its right of pre-emption).  For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be 
obliged to appoint a Portfolio Manager should the Servicer fail to do so (and shall have no liability for such 
failure) and shall not be responsible for determining the identity of, or approving, the Portfolio Manager to be 
appointed by the Servicer following a nomination or determining or approving the terms of appointment of a 
Portfolio Manager.
In respect of any sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
(but prior to the service of a Notice of Default) which is continuing the Servicer will instruct the Portfolio 
Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Loans are sold as quickly as reasonably 
practicable via a market auction process (in accordance with the recommendations of the Portfolio Manager) 
taking into account the market conditions at that time and, where relevant, the scheduled repayment dates of 
the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  The Servicer will ensure that 
the terms of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager require the Portfolio Manager’s actions in respect of 
any sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security to be in accordance with the provisions summarised 
above, including the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to remove the Selected Loans from the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  The Servicer will also ensure that the 
terms of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager require that the costs and expenses incurred by the Portfolio 
Manager (which shall be borne by the Issuer) are reasonable.
The Trustee, or its authorised attorney, will not be required to release the Selected Loans and their Related 
Security from the Registration Statement unless the conditions for Security release under applicable law (other 
than the Statutory Pledge) are satisfied.
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event (but prior to the service of a Notice of Default) which is continuing 
if third parties or the Issuer accept the offer or offers from the Servicer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of 
the Servicer, if the Portfolio Manager has been appointed), then the Servicer will, subject to the foregoing 
paragraph:
(i)
in the case of a sale to an entity other than the Issuer, enter into a sale and purchase agreement with 
the relevant third party purchasers which will require, inter alia, a cash payment from the relevant 
third party purchasers; or
(ii)
if the Issuer has been successful in the sale process the Servicer shall within three Athens Business 
Days of receipt of such acceptance, serve a Selected Loan Removal Notice on the Issuer in relation to 
the Selected Loans. 
Any such sale will not include any representations and warranties from the Servicer, the Portfolio Manager or 
the Issuer in respect of the Loans and their Related Security unless expressly agreed by the Servicer.
Any Sale Proceeds received from the sale of the Selected Loans and their Related Security will be applied by 
the Servicer on the following Programme Payment Date as Covered Bonds Available Funds.

--- Page 304 ---
304
First Refinance Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds becomes 
Pass Through Covered Bonds or Accumulation Covered Bonds or (ii) at any time after an Issuer Event has 
occurred and is outstanding, the Athens Business Day falling six months before the Final Maturity Date of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds.
Portfolio Manager means a portfolio manager appointed by the Servicer (pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed), to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security on behalf of the Servicer.
Refinance Date means each of the First Refinance Date and each date falling at six monthly intervals 
thereafter.
Sale Proceeds means the cash proceeds realised from the sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security or 
their removal from the Cover Pool by the Issuer pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 
including where that removal is pursuant to the Issuer’s right of pre-emption under the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed.
Amendment to definitions
Under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the parties have agreed that the definitions of Cover Pool, 
Cover Pool Asset, Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and Amortisation Test may be amended by the Issuer 
from time to time without the consent of the Trustee and/or the Covered Bondholders as a consequence of the 
inclusion in the Cover Pool, Additional Cover Pool Assets which are New Asset Types and/or changes to the 
hedging policies or servicing and collection procedures of Alpha and/or as a result of any updates, amendments 
or supplements to the Covered Bond Legislation. 
Any such amendment may be effected provided that Moody's has provided confirmation in writing to the Issuer 
that the then current ratings of any outstanding Series of Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected or 
withdrawn as a result thereof.
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
The Issuer has covenanted to ensure that the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger, together with the nominal value of any Liquid Assets (other than amounts standing to the credit of the 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) purchased from amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger is equal to or greater than the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount.  
The Issuer has established a ledger on the Transaction Account called the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger.
On each Calculation Date from and including the Calculation Date immediately following the establishment 
of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve, the Servicer will deposit the lower of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required 
Amount and the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger into the Transaction 
Account (with a corresponding credit to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger).
On each Programme Payment Date, the Servicer shall deposit an amount equal to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger Required Amount (less the nominal value of any Liquid Assets purchased from amounts standing to 
the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve which have not matured on or prior to such date) into the Transaction 
Account (with a corresponding credit to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger). The Asset Monitor shall 
monitor the accuracy and completeness of the coverage requirements of Articles 17 and 18 of the Covered 
Bond Law and of Section H of Chapter III of the Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation, including the 
compliance with the prescribed Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount.
The Servicer shall invest all amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger in 
Authorised Investments, provided that such Authorised Investments are also Liquid Assets.

--- Page 305 ---
305
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Required Amount means an amount calculated as at each Calculation Date falling 
in January, April, July and October of each year, equal to the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow of 
the Programme over the next one hundred eighty (180) days following such Calculation Date, provided that 
for the purposes of calculating the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflows, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date 
(where applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date.
Authorised Investments means any of the following: 
(a)
Euro denominated demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit, long-term debt obligations and 
short-term debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investments 
are rated at least the Moody’s Required Investments Rating by Moody’s, have a remaining period to 
maturity of 30 days or less and mature on or before the next following Programme Payment Date and 
the long-term and short-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the 
issuing or guaranteeing entity with which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at least 
Moody's Required Investments Rating by Moody's; and
(b)
Euro denominated government and public securities, provided that such investments have a remaining 
period to maturity of 30 days or less and mature on or before the next following Programme Payment 
Date and which are rated the Moody's Required Investments Rating by Moody's, 
(A) provided that (i) such instruments or deposits provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount 
not being lower than the initially invested amount, (ii) the rating levels and maturities of any Authorised 
Investments must satisfy Article 129(1)(c) of the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, and 
(iii) that such Authorised Investments satisfy the requirements for eligible assets that can collateralise covered 
bonds under  article 8 of the Covered Bond Law, as this is supplemented by Chapter III, Section A of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation and (B) provided further that such investments may not consist, in whole 
or in part, actually or potentially, of (i) credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit 
risk by means of credit derivatives or (ii) asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status or 
ranking, or (iii) swaps, other derivatives instruments, or synthetic securities, or (iv) any other instrument from 
time to time specified in the European Central Bank monetary policy regulations applicable from time to time 
as being instruments in which funds underlying asset-backed securities eligible as collateral for monetary 
policy operations sponsored by the European Central Bank may not be invested.
In the event that the Account Bank ceases to be an Eligible Institution and/or the amounts standing to the credit 
of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger would cease to be a Liquid Asset, the Servicer will be obliged to 
transfer the amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger to a credit institution which 
is an Eligible Institution and whose obligations would satisfy the definition of Liquid Assets.
Moody’s Required Investments Rating means a rating of Ba3 by Moody’s;
Accumulation Ledger
The Servicer has established a ledger on the Transaction Account called the Accumulation Ledger.
The Accumulation Ledger has separate sub-ledgers (each an Accumulation Sub-Ledger) related to each 
Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds.
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer shall credit the relevant Accumulation Sub-Ledger 
with the amount allocated to the related Series of Accumulation Covered Bonds in accordance with the Priority 
of Payments.
Any amount standing to the credit of the relevant Accumulation Sub-Ledger on the Final Maturity Date (but 
prior to a breach of the Amortisation Test) of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be applied:

--- Page 306 ---
306
(i)
to pay (in whole or in part) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series; and 
(ii)
thereafter applied as Covered Bonds Available Funds.
Following a breach of the Amortisation Test or the occurrence of an Event of Default all amounts credited to 
the relevant Accumulation Sub-Ledger will be applied as Covered Bonds Available Funds (such amounts, 
together with amounts applied in (ii) above, the Excess Accumulation Receipts).
Law and Jurisdiction
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with any of them will be governed by English law.
Asset Monitor Agreement
The Asset Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Servicer to the 
Asset Monitor, to conduct tests in respect of the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed by the 
Servicer, prior to service of a Notice of Default, on the Calculation Date immediately prior to each anniversary 
of the Programme Closing Date with a view to confirmation of compliance by the Issuer with the Statutory 
Tests or the Amortisation Test, as applicable, on that Calculation Date and generally to comply with all 
obligations provided for in Article 15 of the Covered Bond Law and Section I of Chapter III of the Secondary 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation.  If and for so long as the long-term ratings of the Issuer or the Servicer are 
below Baa3 by Moody's or following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Asset Monitor will, subject to 
receipt of the relevant information from the Servicer within the agreed timeframe, be required to conduct such 
tests following each Calculation Date.
Following a determination by the Asset Monitor of any errors in the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the Servicer such that the Statutory Tests have failed on the Calculation Date (where the Servicer 
had recorded it as being satisfied), or the Nominal Value or the Net Present Value is mis-stated by an amount 
exceeding two per cent. of the reported Nominal Value or the reported Net Present Value (as at the date of the 
relevant Nominal Value Test or the relevant Net Present Value Test), the Asset Monitor will be required to 
conduct such tests following each Calculation Date for a period of six months thereafter.
The Asset Monitor is entitled to assume that all information provided to it by the Servicer for the purpose of 
conducting such tests is true and correct and not misleading, and is not required to conduct a test or otherwise 
take steps to verify the accuracy of any such information.  The Asset Monitor will deliver a report (the Asset 
Monitor Report) to the Servicer, the Issuer and, if so requested, to the Trustee.
In addition to determining the presence of any errors in the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed 
by the Servicer in respect of the Statutory Tests as set out above, the Asset Monitor has also agreed to 
determine:
(a)
the appropriateness of the Cover Pool Assets included in the calculations in respect of the Statutory 
Tests; and
(b)
the compatibility of the Cover Pool Assets with the provisions of the Covered Bond Law; 
In addition, the Asset Monitor has agreed to carry out the determinations and procedures provided for in Article 
15 of the Covered Bond Law and shall include the result of such determinations and procedures in the Asset 
Monitor Report. The Asset Monitor shall also perform such additional calculations and tests as may be required 
by the Bank of Greece to be performed in connection with the Programme in accordance with the requirements 
of the Bank of Greece from time to time, subject to the Asset Monitor and the Servicer agreeing on the adjusted 
scope of the agreed upon procedures for such additional calculations or tests, which shall be outlined in the 
relevant Asset Monitor Report

--- Page 307 ---
307
The Issuer or the Servicer will ensure that a copy of the Asset Monitor Report is sent to the Bank of Greece 
for the purposes of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation at the minimum once per annum.
As at the Programme Closing Date, the Issuer or the Servicer, as applicable, will pay to the Asset Monitor a 
fee for the tests to be performed by the Asset Monitor.
The Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) may, at any time, but subject to the prior 
written consent of the Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving at least 30 days' prior 
written notice to the Asset Monitor, provided that such termination may not be effected unless and until a 
replacement asset monitor has been found by the Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) 
(such replacement to be approved by the Trustee (such approval to be given if the replacement is an 
accountancy firm of international standing) which agrees to perform the duties of the Asset Monitor set out in 
the Asset Monitor Agreement (or substantially similar duties).
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 30 days' prior written notice to the Issuer and the 
Trustee (copied to the Rating Agencies), and may resign by giving immediate notice in the event of a 
professional conflict of interest caused by the action of any recipient of its reports.
Upon the Asset Monitor giving 30 days' prior written notice of resignation, the Issuer (or following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall immediately use all reasonable endeavours to appoint a 
replacement (such replacement to be approved by the Trustee (such approval to be given if the replacement is 
an accountancy firm of international standing)) which agrees to perform the duties of the Asset Monitor set 
out in the Asset Monitor Agreement.  If a replacement is not appointed by the date which is 30 days prior to 
the date when tests are to be carried out in accordance with the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, then 
the Issuer (or following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall use all reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an accountancy firm of national standing to carry out the relevant tests on a one-off basis, provided 
that such appointment is approved by the Trustee.
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as Asset Monitor in any circumstances.
Law and Jurisdiction
The Asset Monitor Agreement will be governed by Greek law.
Trust Deed
The Trust Deed, made between the Issuer and the Trustee on the Programme Closing Date appoints the Trustee 
to act as the trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors in accordance with Article 
14(3) of the Covered Bond law.  The Trust Deed contains provisions relating to, inter alia: 
(a)
the constitution of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as more 
fully set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" above);
(b)
the covenants of the Issuer, including, inter alia that for so long as any Covered Bonds are outstanding, 
the Issuer will comply with provisions of the Covered Bond law;
(c)
the enforcement procedures relating to the Covered Bonds; and
(d)
the appointment powers and responsibilities of the Trustee and the circumstances in which the Trustee 
may resign or be removed.

--- Page 308 ---
308
Law and Jurisdiction
The Trust Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be governed 
by English law.
Agency Agreement
Under the terms of an Agency Agreement to be entered into on the Programme Closing Date between the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (together with any paying agent appointed from time to time 
under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents) (the Agency Agreement), the Transfer Agent and the 
Registrar, the Paying Agents have agreed to provide the Issuer with certain agency services and have agreed, 
inter alia, to make available for inspection such documents as may be required from time to time by the rules 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to arrange for the publication of any notice to be given to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, no offered quotation 
appears or if fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR (the Specified Time)), the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the reference banks to 
provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the reference rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two 
or more of the reference banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.
The Agency Agreement also provides that if on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
reference banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the reference banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the reference rate by leading banks with the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the reference rate 
is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the reference banks 
provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the reference rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the reference rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market (if the reference rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
Law and Jurisdiction
The Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be 
governed by English law.
For the purposes of this section "Agency Agreement" any capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" above.

--- Page 309 ---
309
Deed of Charge
Pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge entered into on the Programme Closing Date by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the other Secured Creditors, the Secured Obligations of the Issuer and all other obligations of the 
Issuer under or pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are secured, inter alia, by the 
following security over the following property, assets and rights (the Deed of Charge Security):
(a)
an assignment by way of first fixed security over all of the Issuer's interests, rights and entitlements 
under and in respect of any Charged Document;
(b)
a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a floating charge) over the rights and benefits of the 
Bank Accounts and all amounts standing to the credit of the Bank Accounts; and
(c)
(to the extent not subject to the Statutory Pledge) a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a 
floating charge) over the rights and benefits of the Issuer in respect of all Authorised Investments and 
Liquid Assets (to the extent governed by English law) purchased from time to time from amounts 
standing to the credit of any Bank Accounts and the Collection Account (the Issuer Accounts).
Charged Documents means the Transaction Documents (other than the Deed of Charge and the Trust Deed) 
to which the Issuer is, or may become, a party and which are assigned (by way of security) to the Trustee 
pursuant to the Deed of Charge, and each a Charged Document.
In addition, to secure its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has, pursuant to Article 14(2) of the 
Covered Bond Law, created a pledge (the Statutory Pledge) over the Cover Pool (which consists principally 
of the Issuer's interest in the Loan Assets and certain Liquid Assets).  The Deed of Charge will also provide 
that (other than in certain limited circumstances) only the Trustee may enforce the security created under either 
the Deed of Charge or Article 14(2)&(6) of the Covered Bond Law.  The proceeds of any such enforcement 
of the Deed of Charge and Article 14(2)&(6) of the Covered Bond Law will be required to be applied in 
accordance with the order of priority set out in the Post Event of Default Priority of Payments.
Release of Security
In accordance with the terms of the Deed of Charge all amounts which the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer 
and the Trustee or its appointee) is permitted to withdraw from the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms 
of the Deed of Charge will be released from the Deed of Charge Security.  In addition, upon the Issuer or the 
Servicer making a disposal of an Authorised Investment or Liquid Assets (to the extent governed by English 
law) charged under the Deed of Charge and provided that the proceeds of such disposal are paid into the 
Transaction Account in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, that 
Authorised Investment or Liquid Asset (to the extent governed by English law) will be released from the Deed 
of Charge Security.
At such time that all of the obligations owing by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors have been discharged in 
full, the Trustee will, at the cost of the Issuer, take whatever action is necessary to release the Charged Property 
from the Deed of Charge Security to, or to the order of, the Issuer.
Enforcement
If a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer, the Trustee shall be entitled to appoint a Receiver, and/or enforce 
the Deed of Charge Security constituted by the Deed of Charge, and/or take such steps as it shall deem 
necessary, subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.  All proceeds received 
by the Trustee from the enforcement of the Deed of Charge Security will be applied in accordance with the 
Post Event of Default Priority of Payments.

--- Page 310 ---
310
Law and Jurisdiction
The Deed of Charge and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be governed 
by English law (except in relation to the Statutory Pledge which shall be governed by Greek law).
Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
Some of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool will pay from time to time a variable rate of interest for a period 
of time that may either be linked to the standard variable rate of the Issuer (the Issuer Standard Variable 
Rate) or linked to an interest rate other than the Issuer Standard Variable Rate, such as EURIBOR or a rate 
that tracks the ECB base rate.  Other Loan Assets will pay a fixed rate of interest for a period of time.  However, 
the Euro payments to be made by the Issuer under each of the Covered Bond Swaps may vary.  To provide a 
hedge against the possible variance between:
(a)
the rates of interest payable on the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool; and
(b)
the payments to be made by the Issuer under the Covered Bond Swaps,
the Issuer, the provider of Interest Rate Swaps (each such provider, an Interest Rate Swap Provider) and the 
Trustee may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds 
under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each such transaction an Interest Rate Swap).
Under the terms of each Interest Rate Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or any guarantor of the Interest Rate Swap Provider's obligations is downgraded by a Rating Agency 
below the rating specified in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the 
Rating Agencies), the Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, 
be required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing collateral for its obligations under 
the Interest Rate Swaps, arranging for its obligations under the Interest Rate Swaps to be transferred to an 
entity with ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required 
by the relevant Rating Agency to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Interest 
Rate Swaps (such guarantee to be provided in accordance with the then-current guarantee criteria of each of 
the Rating Agencies), or taking such other action as it may agree with the relevant Rating Agency.  A failure 
to take such steps within the periods set out in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement will, subject to certain 
conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate the Interest Rate Swap Agreement.
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with any 
other events of default and termination events set out in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each referred to as 
an Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event), which may include:

at the option of any party to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party 
to make timely payments of any amounts due under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; and

upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider's obligations, or the merger of the Interest Rate Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement.
Upon the termination of an Interest Rate Swap pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event, the 
Issuer or the Interest Rate Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in 
accordance with the provisions of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement.  The amount of this termination payment 
will be calculated and made in Euro.  Any termination payment made by the Interest Rate Swap Provider to 
the Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to 
pay a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Interest Rate Swap with the Issuer, 
unless a replacement Interest Rate Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the Issuer.  Any premium 
received by the Issuer from a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of a replacement Interest

--- Page 311 ---
311
Rate Swap will first be used to make any termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to 
the previous Interest Rate Swap, unless such termination payment has already been made on behalf of the 
Issuer.  Any tax credits received by the Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap will first be used to reimburse 
the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider for any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and 
wherever imposed) made under the relevant Interest Rate Swap.
If a withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider to the Issuer under the Interest Rate Swaps, the Interest Rate Swap Provider shall always be 
obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the amount which 
would have been received in the absence of such withholding or deduction.  If a withholding or deduction for 
or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the Interest Rate Swap Provider under 
the Interest Rate Swaps, the Issuer shall not be obliged to gross up those payments.
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Interest Rate Swap Provider directly 
and not via the Priorities of Payments.
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of each of the Rating 
Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions.
If the Issuer is required to sell Selected Loans in the Cover Pool following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
then, the Issuer may:
(a)
require that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans partially terminate to the 
extent that such Selected Loans and any breakage costs payable by or to the Issuer in connection with 
such termination will, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, be taken into account in calculating 
the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the sale of the Selected Loans; or
(b)
request that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans be partially novated to 
the purchaser of such Selected Loans, such that each purchaser of Selected Loans will thereby become 
party to a separate interest rate swap transaction with the Interest Rate Swap Provider.
Law and Jurisdiction
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement (and each Interest Rate Swap thereunder) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law.
Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
Where the Covered Bonds in a Series or Tranche are issued in a currency and/or on an interest rate basis 
different to the payments received by the Issuer under the Interest Rate Swap for such Series or Tranche, the 
Issuer may enter into a covered bond swap transaction with a Covered Bond Swap Provider and the Trustee in 
respect of such Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (each such transaction a Covered Bond Swap).  Each 
Covered Bond Swap may be either a Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap or a Non-Forward Starting Covered 
Bond Swap and each will constitute a transaction under a Covered Bond Swap Agreement (such Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements, together, the Covered Bond Swap Agreements).
Each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge (after the occurrence of an Issuer Event) 
against certain interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer under the 
Loans and any relevant Interest Rate Swaps (if any) and amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap).

--- Page 312 ---
312
Each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge against certain interest rate, currency 
and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer under the Loans and any relevant Interest Rate 
Swaps (if any) and amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds (Non-Forward Starting 
Covered Bond Swap).
Where required to hedge such risks, there will be one (or more) Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s) and 
Covered Bond Swap(s) in relation to each Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds.
Under the Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer on 
each Interest Payment Date, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, an amount equal to the relevant portion 
of the amounts that are payable by the Issuer in respect of interest and principal payable under the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.  In return, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will periodically pay 
to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount in Euro calculated by reference to Euro EURIBOR plus a 
spread and, where relevant, the Euro Equivalent of the relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid in 
respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.
Under the Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer (or the Servicer 
on its behalf) will, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, pay to the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amount received by the Issuer in respect 
of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds and in return the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer the Euro Equivalent of the first-mentioned amount.  
Thereafter, and where the Covered Bonds are denominated in Euro, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay 
to the Issuer on each Interest Payment Date an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amounts that are 
payable by the Issuer in respect of interest and principal payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds.  In return, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will periodically pay to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider an amount in Euros calculated by reference to EURIBOR plus a spread and, where relevant, 
the Euro Equivalent of the relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid in respect of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds.
Under the terms of each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap and each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond 
Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider's obligations is downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating specified in the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the Rating Agencies), the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, be required to take 
certain remedial measures which may include providing collateral for its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Swap, arranging for its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap to be transferred to an entity with the ratings 
required by the relevant Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant 
Rating Agency to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement (such guarantee to be provided in accordance with the then-current guarantee criteria of each of 
the Rating Agencies), or taking such other action as it may agree with the relevant Rating Agency.  In addition, 
if the net exposure of the Issuer against the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap exceeds the threshold specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider may be required to provide collateral for its obligations.  A failure to take such steps within the time 
periods set out in the Covered Bond Swap Agreement will, subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to 
terminate the Covered Bond Swap.
A Covered Bond Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with any 
other events of default and termination events set out in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement (each 
referred to as a Covered Bond Swap Early Termination Event), which may include:
(a)
at the option of any party to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party 
to make timely payments of any amounts due under such Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 313 ---
313
(b)
upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any guarantor of the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider's obligations, or the merger of the Covered Bond Swap Provider without 
an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement.
Upon the termination of a Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer or the Covered Bond Swap Provider may be liable 
to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement.  The amount of this termination payment will be calculated and made in Euro.  Any 
termination payment made by the Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Issuer in respect of a Covered Bond 
Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay a replacement Covered Bond Swap 
Provider to enter into a replacement Covered Bond Swap with the Issuer, unless a replacement Covered Bond 
Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the Issuer.  Any premium received by the Issuer from a 
replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of a replacement Covered Bond Swap will first be used 
to make any termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous Covered Bond 
Swap, unless such termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Issuer.  Any tax credits received 
by the Issuer in respect of a Covered Bond Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Provider for any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes.  Duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and wherever imposed) made 
under the relevant Covered Bond Swap.
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Covered Bond Swap Provider directly 
and not via the Priorities of Payments.
If withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider to the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap, the Covered Bond Swap Provider shall always be 
obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the amount which 
would have been received in the absence of such withholding or deduction.  If withholding or deduction for or 
on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the Covered Bond Swap Provider under a 
Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer shall not be obliged to gross up those payments.
The Covered Bond Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of each of the 
Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions.
In the event that the Covered Bonds are redeemed and/or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Covered Bond Swap(s) in connection with such Covered Bonds will terminate or partially terminate, as the 
case may be.  Any breakage costs payable by or to the Issuer in connection with such termination will be taken 
into account in calculating:
(a)
the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the sale of Selected Loans; and
(b)
the purchase price to be paid for any Covered Bonds purchased by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 7.8 (Purchases).
Law and Jurisdiction
The Covered Bond Swap Agreement (and each Covered Bond Swap thereunder) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law.
Bank Account Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of the Bank Account Agreement to be entered into on the Programme Closing Date 
between the Account Bank, the Issuer, the Servicer and the Trustee, the Servicer will maintain with the Account 
Bank the Bank Accounts, which will be operated in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed and the Deed of Charge.

--- Page 314 ---
314
If the long-term or short-term issuer default ratings of the Account Bank cease to satisfy the requirements of 
an Eligible Institution (or such other ratings that may be agreed between the parties to the Bank Account 
Agreement and the relevant Rating Agency from time to time), the Servicer or the Issuer shall:
(i)
immediately serve a written notice of termination of the Bank Account Agreement on the relevant 
Account Bank (such termination to be effective on the later of the date falling three Athens Business 
Days following service of such notice and the date on which the relevant replacement bank account(s) 
is established with an entity which is an Eligible Institution provided that no such appointment of, or 
transfer to, such replacement account bank shall be made within 31 calendar days of the Account Bank 
ceasing to satisfy the requirements of an Eligible Institution);
(ii)
open replacement accounts with a financial institution which is an Eligible Institution and whose debt 
obligations would satisfy the definition of Liquid Assets; and
(iii)
once the relevant replacement bank account has been established:

if an affected Bank Account is the Transaction Account, immediately transfer amounts 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account to any replacement Transaction Account and 
close the affected Transaction Account;

if an affected Bank Account is a Swap Collateral Account, immediately transfer amounts 
standing to the credit of that Swap Collateral Account to any replacement Swap Collateral 
Account and close the affected Swap Collateral Account; and

immediately transfer amounts standing to the credit of all other affected Bank Accounts (if 
any) to any replacement accounts and close all other effected Bank Accounts.
The costs arising from any remedial action taken by the Account Bank, following its ratings ceasing to satisfy 
the requirements of an Eligible Institution shall be borne by the Account Bank.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer will be responsible for any costs associated with the replacement of the Account Bank.
Eligible Institution means any bank whose Long-Term Bank Deposit rating is at least the Moody’s Required 
Rating by Moody's, provided that such ratings are always sufficient for the Covered Bonds to comply with 
Article 129(1)(c) of the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No.575/2013 and whose debt obligations would 
satisfy the definition of Liquid Assets.
The Bank Account Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will 
be governed by English law.
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement
The Issuer will enter into an Issuer-ICSDs Agreement with Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking 
SA (the ICSDs) in respect of any Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form.  The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement 
provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any such NGCBs, maintain their respective portion of the issue 
outstanding amount through their records.
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will 
be governed by English law.

--- Page 315 ---
315
TAXATION
Greece
The following summary of the principal Greek taxation consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal 
of Covered Bonds by Greek or foreign resident holders, who are the beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, 
is of a general nature and is based on the provisions of tax laws currently in force in Greece.  The summary 
below does not constitute a complete analysis and therefore, potential investors should consult their own tax 
advisers as to the tax consequences of such purchase, ownership and disposal.  This summary is based on 
current Greek tax legislation and administrative practice of the Greek tax authorities without taking into 
account any developments or amendments thereof after the date hereof whether or not such developments or 
amendments have retroactive effect.
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. “Greek tax residents” 
includes the permanent establishments in Greece of non-Greek legal persons and legal entities, where the 
Covered Bonds are held through that permanent establishment. Tax considerations are subject to the more 
favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for the avoidance of double taxation (the DTT).  The 
application of favourable tax provisions or exemptions may be subject to filing of appropriate supporting 
documentation.
Income Tax
The Greek income taxation framework is regulated by Greek law 4172/2013, as amended from time to time and 
in force.  
Interest payments to the Covered Bondholders who are individuals or legal entities residing or having a 
permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law purposes (the Greek Tax Residents), made by the Issuer 
or a paying agent residing or having a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law purposes, will be 
subject to Greek withholding tax at a flat rate of 15 per cent. The relevant paying agent is liable to make the 
relevant withholding. This withholding exhausts the tax liability of Greek Tax Residents who are individuals 
(par.3 of article 64 of Greek law 4172/2013), while it may not for other types of Covered Bondholders. In 
particular, interest payments to legal persons and legal entities residing or having a permanent establishment 
in Greece and therefore, considered for Greek tax law purposes as liable to pay Greek tax, will be treated as 
part of their annual income. The income tax rate for legal persons and legal entities is 22 per cent. (29 per cent. 
for credit institutions participating in the scheme allowing for the conversion of deferred tax assets into final 
deferred tax credits against the State under certain circumstances). Again, as noted above, a withholding tax 
of 15 per cent. will be applied on that interest payment by the relevant paying agent, which will be treated as 
an advance over income tax for that financial year.
Interest payments to Covered Bondholders who are individuals and legal entities who neither reside nor have 
a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law purposes (the Foreign Tax Residents) are exempt 
from any withholding, according to article 69 par. 9 subpar. A of law 3746/2009 in conjunction with articles 
37 par. 2, 64 par. 9 of law 4172/2013 and with article 33 of law 4920/2022 concerning Covered Bonds, and 
additionally on the basis of articles 37 par. 5, 47 par. 5 and 64 par. 9 of law 4172/2013, given that the Covered 
Bonds are listed on an EU trading venue. 
Capital gains realised from the transfer of Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to the provisions of article 14 of Greek law 3156/2003 that are applicable to Covered Bonds by virtue 
of Article 3(2) of the Covered Bond Law, capital gains realised by Covered Bondholders from the transfer of 
Covered Bonds are not subject to taxation in Greece. This has been explicitly confirmed through recent 
Interpretative Circular No. 1032/2015 (item (iii) of paragraph 2). If the capital gains’ beneficiaries are Greek 
legal persons or legal entities, or foreign legal persons or legal entities which have a permanent establishment

--- Page 316 ---
316
in Greece to which the capital gains are attributable, no exemption is granted but the corporate taxation is under 
conditions deferred up to their distribution to the shareholders or capitalization. Upon capitalisation or 
distribution, they will be taxed at the corporate income tax rate applicable at the time of capitalisation or 
distribution (at the legal person / legal entity level).
Value Added Tax
No value added tax is payable upon disposal of the Covered Bonds (pursuant to Article 22(1)(ka) of Greek law 
2859/2000).
Stamp Duty
Pursuant to Article 14 of Greek law 3156/2003, in conjunction with Article 3(2) of the Covered Bond Law, 
the issuance or transfer of Covered Bonds is exempt from Greek stamp duty.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Greece) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have 
a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer).  However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described 
under Condition 16 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration 
of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of withholding.
EU financial transaction tax (FTT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.

--- Page 317 ---
317
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Covered Bonds 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State.
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between 
participating Member States.  It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear.  Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.
Luxembourg Taxation
The following information is of a general nature only and is included herein solely for information purposes.  
It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be 
construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg 
withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own 
professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which 
they may be subject.
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.
Withholding Tax
(a)
Non-resident holders of Covered Bonds
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds held by non-resident holders of Covered Bonds.
(b)
Resident holders of Covered Bonds
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23rd December, 2005 
(as amended) (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Covered Bonds held by Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds.
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth.  Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the paying agent.  
Accordingly, payments of interest under the Covered Bonds coming within the scope of the Relibi 
Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.

--- Page 318 ---
318
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Covered Bonds may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers.  The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated 21 February 2023 (such Programme 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealer.  Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form 
and terms and conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be 
subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by 
the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of the existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Dealer is Alpha Bank S.A. The Programme Agreement will be supplemented on 
or around the date of each issuance by Subscription Agreement, which will set out, inter alia, the relevant 
underwriting commitments.  The Issuer may pay the Dealers commissions from time to time in connection 
with the sale of any Covered Bonds.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse and 
indemnify the Dealer for certain of their expenses and liabilities in connection with the establishment and any 
future updates of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme.  The Dealer is entitled 
to be released and discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to purchase Covered Bonds 
under the Programme Agreement in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer.
United States
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Covered Bonds 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
in in certain transactions exempt from, or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United 
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether the C Rules or the D Rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
In connection with any Covered Bonds which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S (Regulation S Covered Bonds), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, will not offer, sell or deliver such 
Regulation S Covered Bonds (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Series of Covered Bonds of which such Covered Bonds are a part, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer(s), in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the lead manager, 
in the case of a syndicated issue, and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Covered Bond during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Regulation S Covered Bond within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 319 ---
319
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless, the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA).  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or 
superseded, MiFID II); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
The EEA
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State of the EEA except that it may, make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public 
in that Member State of the EEA:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of the Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any relevant Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds in any 
Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
(b)
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 320 ---
320
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK).  For the purposes of this provision
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies  “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom:
(i)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(ii)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iii)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 321 ---
321
(b)
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(b)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any such Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Hellenic Republic 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with (i) the Public Offer Selling 
Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation, described above in this section; and (ii) all applicable provisions 
of Greek law 4706/2020, implementing into Greek law the Prospectus Regulation, as amended and in force.
Japan
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.
Republic of Italy
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to 
Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may 
copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the 
Republic of Italy, except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any application provision of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.

--- Page 322 ---
322
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under paragraph  (a) or (b) above must:
(a)
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and
(b)
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), the Bank of Italy (including the reporting 
requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy (as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority).
Republic of France
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in 
force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Covered Bonds and the distribution in France of the 
Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds.
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
In relation to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxembourg), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms to the public in Luxembourg, except that it may make an 
offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in Luxembourg:
(a)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds specify that an offer of those Covered Bonds may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in Luxembourg (a Non-
exempt Offer), following the date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such Covered 
Bonds which has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the CSSF), 
as competent authority in Luxembourg, provided that the Base Prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating the Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in the Base Prospectus or the, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b)
at any time, to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(c)
at any time, to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(d)
at any time, in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in Luxembourg means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe to these Covered Bonds, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 and the expression "Prospectus Act 2019" means Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019.

--- Page 323 ---
323
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will, comply with (in the best of its knowledge and belief) all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations or directives in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 324 ---
324
GENERAL INFORMATION
Approval, listing and admission to trading
Application has been made to the CSSF for the approval of this document as a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU).
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations
The establishment, implementation and operation of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been 
duly confirmed and authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 October 2017 
and 31 January 2019 and 16 April 2021. 
Post-issuance information
The Issuer provides quarterly Investor Reports detailing, among other things, compliance with the Statutory 
Tests.  This information will be available on the Issuer's website https://www.alpha.gr/.
Litigation
Save as disclosed in the risk factor entitled “Litigation  risk” on page 48, in note 23 of the 9 month 2022 Report 
and note 39 in the 2021 annual financial report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in such period, significant effects on the Issuer's or the Group's financial position 
or profitability. 
No significant or material change
Since 31 December 2021 (the last day of the financial performance or the financial period in respect of which 
the most recent audited financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared), there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group.  Since 30 September 2022 there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Issuer or the Group. 
Documents available for inspection
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents or the Luxembourg Listing Agent:
(a)
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;
(b)
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 (with an English translation thereof), together with the audit 
report prepared in connection therewith;

--- Page 325 ---
325
(c)
the condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Alpha Holdings as at and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2022;
(d)
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, and the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bonds in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons;
(e)
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and
(f)
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms (save that a Final 
Terms relating to a Covered Bond which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus, any documents 
incorporated by reference and each Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be available for inspection free of charge from 
the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at https://www.luxse.com.
Clearing Systems
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Series of 
Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Covered 
Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity 
as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield.
Independent Auditors
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte Certified Public Accountants S.A. 3a Fragkoklisias & Granikou 
str., Maroussi, Attika, 15125 Athens, Greece (Deloitte).  Deloitte were appointed for the first time on 1 July 
2017.  Deloitte is a member of the Institute of Certified Auditors and Accountants of Greece.  
The consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2021 (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the European Union and have been audited without qualification by Deloitte Certified 
Public Accountants S.A.  Deloitte Certified Public Accountants S.A. has no material interest in the Issuer.

--- Page 326 ---
326

--- Page 327 ---
327
INDEX
€ ............................................................................5
2019 Strategic Plan...............................................7
30/360, 360/360 ................................................104
30E/360.............................................................104
30E/360 (ISDA)................................................105
Account Bank .....................................................10
Accrual Period ..................................................103
Accrual Yield....................................................112
Accumulation Ledger .......................................306
Accumulation Sub-Ledger................................306
Actual/360.........................................................104
Actual/365 (Fixed)............................................104
Actual/365 (Sterling) ........................................104
Actual/Actual....................................................104
Actual/Actual (ICMA)......................................103
Actual/Actual (ISDA).......................................104
Additional Cover Pool Assets...........................299
adjusted.............................................................106
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount..........303
Agency Agreement ...............................37, 87, 309
Agents...........................................................16, 87
Alpha.....................................................................9
Alpha Bank BoG Account..................................28
Alternative Base Rate .......................................127
Amendment of the Criminal Code......................49
Amortised Face Amount...................................117
ANPLM ............................................................267
Applicable Final Terms ......................................88
ARP...................................................................267
Arrangers ..............................................................9
Article 152 ..........................................................14
Article 632 Suspension Petition........................236
Article 632-633 Annulment Petition.................236
Article 933 Annulment Petition........................237
Asset Monitor .....................................................10
Asset Monitor Agreement...................................36
Asset Monitor Report........................................307
Athens Business Day ..........................................16
Authorised Investments ....................................306
Bank Account Agreement...................................37
Bank Accounts....................................................37
Bank Rate............................................................99
Banking Act......................................................324
Banking Law.....................................................241
Base Prospectus ................................................139
Base Rate Modification ....................................127
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds.......................87
Bearer Global Covered Bond............................134
Bearer Global Covered Bonds..........................134
Bond Basis........................................................104
Borrower.............................................................75
Broken Amount...................................................94
BRR Law ..........................................................244
BRRD ...............................................................244
business day......................................................108
Business Day.....................................................102
Business Day Convention.................................103
Calculation Agent ...............................................96
Calculation Amount..........................................112
Calculwwation Date............................................24
Capital Requirements Regulation.....................155
CCP...................................................................274
CCPs .................................................................271
CET1...................................................................61
Charged Document ...........................................310
Charged Documents..........................................310
Charged Property................................................16
Clearstream, Luxembourg ....................19, 89, 134
Collection Account .............................................27
Common Depositary.........................................134
Common Safekeeper.........................................134
Compounded Daily SONIA................................96
Conditions.................................................3, 12, 88
CONSOB ..........................................................324
Couponholders....................................................88
Coupons ..............................................................87
Cover Pool ....................................................1, 298
Cover Pool Asset ..............................................298
Covered Bond .....................................................10
Covered Bond Law...........................................155
Covered Bond Swap .........................................312
Covered Bond Swap Agreement.................37, 312
Covered Bond Swap Early Termination Event.313
Covered Bond Swap Provider.............................11
Covered Bondholder...........................................89
Covered Bondholders ...............................3, 11, 88
Covered Bonds......................................................1
Covered Bonds Directive..................................155
CRA Regulation..............................................1, 71
CRD IV.............................................................270
Credit Institution.................................................28
CRR ..................................................................155
Day Count Fraction...........................................103
Dealer....................................................................1
Dealers ..................................................................1
Debtors..............................................................233
Deed of Charge...................................................36
Deed of Charge Security...................................310
Definitive Covered Bonds ..................................87
Designated Account..........................................108
Designated Bank...............................................108
Designated Maturity ...........................................96

--- Page 328 ---
328
Determination Date...........................................105
Determination Period........................................105
DGS ....................................................................54
Dispute..............................................................132
Documents ........................................................131
DTAs...................................................................54
DTCs...................................................................55
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds.....................112
Early Redemption Amount...............................112
ECB.............................................................39, 241
Eligibility Criteria...............................................23
Eligible Institution ..............................................10
EMIR ................................................................274
ESM ....................................................................39
ESM Programme.................................................39
ESMA .............................................................1, 72
Established Rate................................................112
EU.................................................................39, 71
EU Benchmarks Regulation..................................1
EUR ......................................................................5
euro ...............................................................5, 112
Euro Equivalent ................................................303
Eurobond Basis.................................................104
Euroclear...............................................19, 89, 134
EUWA ..................................................................4
Event of Default..................................................30
Excess Accumulation Receipts.........................307
Exchange Date..................................................134
Exchange Event ................................................135
Exchange Notice...............................................111
Extended Final Maturity Date.......................17, 65
Extraordinary Resolution..................................112
FATCA .............................................................318
Final Maturity Date.............................................17
Final Redemption Amount....................17, 65, 110
Final Terms.....................................................1, 12
First Refinance Date .........................................305
Fixed Coupon Amount........................................94
Fixed Interest Period...................................94, 106
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds .................................13
Floating Rate.......................................................96
Floating Rate Convention.................................103
Floating Rate Covered Bonds.............................13
Floating Rate Option...........................................96
Following Business Day Convention ...............103
foreign financial institution...............................318
foreign passthru payments ................................318
Foreign Tax Residents ......................................317
Former Residence .............................................131
Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap.............313
FTT ...................................................................318
GDPR..........................................................57, 291
Global Covered Bond .........................................87
Greece...............................................................5, 7
Greek Bankruptcy Code......................................22
Greek Company Law........................................155
Greek Covered Bond Legislation .......................14
Greek state ............................................................7
Greek State............................................................5
Greek Tax Residents.........................................317
Group ....................................................................7
HCC ....................................................................49
HCMC...............................................................178
HDIGF ........................................................54, 284
Hedging Agreement............................................37
Hedging Agreements ..........................................37
Hedging Counterparties......................................11
Hedging Counterparty.........................................11
HFSF...................................................................50
holder of Covered Bonds....................................89
ICSDs................................................................315
IFRS....................................................................54
IGA ...................................................................285
IGAs..................................................................318
IMF .....................................................................39
Indemnity............................................................35
Independent Adviser.........................................129
Insolvency Code .................................................53
Insolvency Event...............................................298
Insurance Distribution Directive.......................321
Interest Accrual Period .......................................99
Interest Amount ................................................100
Interest Commencement Date.....................12, 106
Interest Payment Date.................................95, 106
Interest Payment Dates .....................................106
Interest Period.......................................14, 95, 106
Interest Rate Swap ............................................311
Interest Rate Swap Agreement ...................37, 311
Interest Rate Swap EarlyTermination Event ....311
Interest Rate Swap Provider .......................11, 311
Investment Bank ...............................................297
Investor Put.......................................................115
Investor Report ...................................................38
Investor Report Date...........................................38
Investor Repurchase Put ...................................116
Investor's Currency .............................................64
IOSCO ..............................................................271
ISDA Definitions..........................................14, 95
ISDA Determination...........................................95
ISDA Rate...........................................................95
Issue Date............................................................13
Issue Price...........................................................16
Issuer...........................................................1, 9, 87
Issuer Accounts.................................................310
Issuer Call .........................................................114
Issuer Event.................................................26, 119
Issuer Insolvency Event..............................21, 120
Issuer Standard Variable Rate...........................311
Late Payment ....................................................118
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger........................30

--- Page 329 ---
329
Loan and Securitization Law............................155
Long Maturity Covered Bond...........................108
Luxembourg Listing Agent.................................11
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market.1
Margin.................................................................13
Master Definitions and Construction Schedule ..88
Maximum Rate of Interest..................................14
MCR .................................................................273
Member State....................................................5, 6
MFF ....................................................................41
MiFID II............................................................321
MiFID II Product Governance Rules....................5
Minimum Credit Rating..............................22, 299
Minimum Rate of Interest...........................14, 112
MIS ...................................................................267
Modified Following Business Day Convention103
Moody's...............................................................11
Negative Carry Factor.......................................303
New Company ..................................................130
New Residence .................................................131
New RFA............................................................51
NGCB .......................................................108, 134
NGEU .................................................................41
Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap.....313
not adjusted.......................................................106
Notice of Default ................................30, 113, 121
NPE.....................................................................42
NPL...................................................................267
NPLs ...................................................................42
NSS...................................................................135
Observation Period .............................................98
OEK ..................................................................300
OEK Savings Account........................................28
OEK Subsidised Loans.....................................300
offer...................................................................321
Optional Redemption Amount..........................113
Optional Redemption Date ...............................113
originator.............................................................24
ORSA................................................................273
Pass Through Covered Bonds.............................18
Paying Agents.......................................10, 87, 309
Payment Day.....................................................110
Permanent Global Covered Bond .....................134
Pillar I ...............................................................273
Pillar II..............................................................273
Pillar III.............................................................273
PONV................................................................249
Portfolio Manager.............................................305
Post Event of Default Priority of Payments..34, 93
Potential Event of Default...........................35, 113
Pre Event of Default Priority of Payments ...30, 92
Preceding Business Day Convention................103
Principal Amount Outstanding ...................17, 106
Principal Paying Agent.......................................87
Principal Paying Agent.......................................10
Priorities of Payments.........................................93
Priority of Payments .....................................34, 93
Programme............................................................1
Programme Agreement.....................................320
Programme Closing Date....................................36
Programme Payment Date ..................................16
Programme Payment Period ...............................34
Programme Resolution .....................................124
Prop Index Valuation........................................300
Prospectus Regulation.........................88, 139, 321
Put Notice .........................................................115
Rate of Interest..................................................113
Rating Agencies..................................................11
Rating Agency ............................................11, 131
Rating Agency Confirmation........................22, 72
Receivables Law...............................................268
Receiver ..............................................................16
Record Date ......................................................108
Redeemed Covered Bonds................................115
Redenomination Date ...............................113, 132
Reference Date....................................................98
Reference Price.................................................113
Refinance Date..................................................305
Register.............................................................108
Registered Definitive Covered Bonds ................87
Registrar........................................................10, 87
Registration Statement........................................15
Regulation S..........................................................4
Regulation S Covered Bonds............................320
Relevant Date....................................................122
relevant Dealer......................................................1
Relibi Law.........................................................319
Replacement Servicer ...............................120, 297
Repurchase Date ...............................................116
Repurchase Put Notice......................................116
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount
..........................................................................302
Required Redemption Amount.........................303
Reserve Ledger Required Amount ...................306
Reset Date...........................................................96
retail investor ....................................................321
Risk Factors ..........................................................2
S&P.......................................................................1
Sale Proceeds....................................................305
SCR...................................................................273
Screen Rate Determination...............................113
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation ................14
Secondary Greek Covered Bond Legislation....155
Secured Creditors........................................15, 113
Securities Act........................................................4
Selected Loan Offer Notice ..............................301
Selected Loan Removal Notice.........................301
Selected Loans............................................73, 301
Selection Date...................................................115
Series.............................................................12, 88

--- Page 330 ---
330
Series Reserved Matter.....................................125
Servicer.................................................................9
Servicer Reports..................................................27
Servicer Termination Event..............................297
Servicing and Cash Management Deed..............35
Servicing and Cash Management Services...........9
SONIA Compounded Index................................98
Specified Currency .............................................88
Specified Denomination(s) .................................88
Specified Period..................................................95
Specified Time..................................................309
SRF ...................................................................285
SSM ..................................................................241
Staff Loan ...........................................................23
State Subsidised Loans .....................................300
State/OEK Subsidised Loans............................300
Statutory Pledge....................................15, 91, 310
Statutory Test......................................................24
Subordinated Termination Payment ...................32
Subscription Agreement .....................................38
Subsidiary .........................................................117
Subsidised Interest Amounts ............................300
Subsidised Loan..........................................23, 300
Subsidy Bank Account........................................28
Subsidy Payments...............................................28
sub-unit .............................................................106
Syneggyitiko.....................................................240
Talons..................................................................87
TARGET2.........................................................103
TARGET2 System............................................103
Temporary Global Covered Bond.....................134
Terms and Conditions.......................................139
Third Party Collection Account..........................29
TR .....................................................................274
Tranche .........................................................12, 88
Transaction Account...........................................28
Transaction Documents ......................................38
Transfer Agent....................................................10
Transfer Agents...................................................87
Treaty................................................................113
Trust Deed...........................................................87
Trustee ..........................................................10, 87
UK.........................................................................4
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.................5
UK PRIIPs Regulation..........................................4
Updated Strategic Plan..........................................7
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds .............................14

--- Page 331 ---
331
ISSUER
Alpha Bank S.A.
40 Stadiou Street
GR-105 64  Athens
Greece
ARRANGERS
Alpha Bank S.A. 
40 Stadiou Street
GR-105 64 Athens
Greece 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29, Ireland
DEALERS
Alpha Bank S.A. 
40 Stadiou Street
GR-105 64 Athens 
Greece
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29, Ireland
TRUSTEE
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
TRANSFER AGENT
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
REGISTRAR
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Arrangers and the Dealers as to English law
Allen & Overy LLP
One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD
To the Issuer, Arrangers and the Dealers as to Greek law
Karatzas & Partners Law Firm 
8 Koumpari Street
106 74 Athens
Greece

--- Page 332 ---
332
To the Trustee as to English law
To the Trustee as to Greek law
Allen & Overy LLP
Zepos & Yannopoulos
One Bishops Square
280 Kifisias Avenue
London
152 32 Chalandri
E1 6AD
Athens, Greece
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Certified Public Accountants S.A.
3a Fragkoklisias & Granikou str.
Maroussi, Attika, 15125 
Greece
AND 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
Dexia Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.
69 route d'Esch
Luxembourg L-2953
Luxembourg