--- Page 1 ---
UK-#752978185v12 
BASE PROSPECTUS   
 
PIRAEUS BANK S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Hellenic Republic) 
€10 billion Global Covered Bond Programme 
Under this €10 billion global covered bond programme (the "Programme"), Piraeus Bank S.A. (which entity following a demerger acquired 
the core banking assets and liabilities of Piraeus Bank S.A., which has since been renamed Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A. (see “Piraeus 
Financial Holdings S.A.” below) (the "Issuer", "Piraeus Bank" or, as applicable, the "Bank") may from time to time issue bonds (the 
"Covered Bonds") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Covered Bonds 
may be issued in bearer or registered form. 
This prospectus (this “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of the Covered Bonds.  The 
CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 21 July 2019 (“Luxembourg 
Law”). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Covered Bonds 
that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds.  
 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Bourse de Luxembourg, which is the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the "Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the "Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II") and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 the Prospectus Regulation 
but is not a base prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2), or any other provision of or rule under, the Securities Act. References in this 
Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being listed and all related references shall mean that such Covered Bonds are intended to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and are intended to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Trustee (as defined below), the 
Arranger (as defined below) and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted 
to trading on any regulated or unregulated market. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10 billion 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds will 
constitute direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, in addition to having recourse to assets forming part of the cover pool (the "Cover 
Pool"). 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an on-going basis (each a "Dealer" and, together, the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the 
case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue and, in 
relation to an issue of Covered Bonds subscribed by one Dealer, be to such Dealer. 
 
This Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date and shall expire on [20] October 2024. The obligation to supplement this 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply once this Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Covered Bonds, and the issue price of Covered Bonds applicable to each Series or Tranche (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of Covered Bonds will be set out in a separate document specific to and completing that Series or 
Tranche called the final terms (each, a "Final Terms") which, with respect to Covered Bonds to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer has been rated by Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Limited ("Moody’s"), Standard and Poor’s Global, acting through S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard and Poor’s"), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), and DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS 
Morningstar”). Each of Moody’s, Standard and Poor’s, Fitch and DBRS Morningstar (as defined below) is established in the European Union 
and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, each of Moody’s, Standard and 
Poor’s, Fitch, and DBRS Morningstar (as defined below) is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at CRA Authorisation (europa.eu) https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned a rating by Fitch, DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS 
Morningstar") and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed under the Programme from time to time, as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined

--- Page 2 ---
2 
UK-#752978185v12 
herein). A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating organisation. Whether or not any credit rating applied for in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes 
unless such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application 
is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. Please review and consider these 
risk factors carefully before you purchase any Covered Bonds. 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Piraeus Bank S.A. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 26 October 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and declares that, having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is, 
to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Certain specific information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. Such information, 
and its respective source, is indicated in each relevant section of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant source specified, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Copies of each Final Terms (in the case of Covered Bonds to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agents for 
the time being in London or in Luxembourg at the office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated by reference and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Each Series (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds may be issued without the prior consent of the holders of 
any outstanding Covered Bonds (the "Covered Bondholders") subject to the terms and conditions set out 
herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (the "Conditions") as completed by the Final 
Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which is the 
subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. All Covered Bonds 
will rank pari passu and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their 
Series, except for the timing of repayment of principal and the timing and amount of interest payable. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Arranger and the Dealers named under “General Description of the 
Programme” below that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) material; that such information is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or 
intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this 
Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, 
predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the Covered 
Bonds) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer or the Arranger. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any 
part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bond 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse

--- Page 4 ---
4 
UK-#752978185v12 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Arranger shall not be responsible for, any matter which is the subject of, any statement, representation, 
warranty or covenant of the Issuer contained in the Covered Bonds or any Transaction Documents, or any 
other agreement or document relating to the Covered Bonds or any Transaction Document, or for the 
execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence 
thereof. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered 
Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and each of the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Covered Bonds 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the 
"Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. Covered Bonds may be offered 
and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Covered Bonds. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €10 billion (and for this purpose, the principal amount outstanding of any Covered 
Bonds denominated in another currency shall be converted into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such 
Covered Bonds (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement)). The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme 
Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "€", "EUR" or "Euro" are to the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union ("EMU") pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community and references to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful 
currency for the time being of Switzerland. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to "Greece" or to the "Greek State" are to the Hellenic Republic. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds. 
Accordingly, any person making, or intending to make, an offer to the public of Covered Bonds in that 
Relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making

--- Page 5 ---
5 
UK-#752978185v12 
of any offer of Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arranger or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with the issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is 
no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is made and, 
if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation or over allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded, "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPS Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.  
 
An investment in the Covered Bonds is not an equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although 
an investment in Covered Bonds may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Bank 
or with any other investment firm in the Group (as defined below), an investment in Covered Bonds 
carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of such a deposit. The Covered Bonds are 
expected to have greater liquidity than a bank deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. 
However, Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. 
 
Investments in Covered Bonds do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any 
national implementing measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer 
becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in the Covered Bonds in a worst case 
scenario could lose their entire investment. 
 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") including: EURIBOR, which is 
administered by the European Money Markets Institute. In this case, a statement will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included 
in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date 
hereof, the European Money Markets Institute is in the register of administrators and benchmarks

--- Page 6 ---
6 
UK-#752978185v12 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as 
the Issuer is aware, transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that 
EMMI is not currently required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks.  The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, as arranger, nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
UK-#752978185v12 
Contents 
Clause 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................................. 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE............................................................................................... 66 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.............................................................................................. 68 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................................. 107 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ...................................................................................................................... 148 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................................... 151 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................... 162 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER .............................................................................................................................. 163 
OVERVIEW OF THE GREEK COVERED BOND LEGISLATION .................................................................... 164 
PIRAEUS BANK AND THE PIRAEUS BANK GROUP ......................................................................................... 174 
THE BANKING SECTOR IN GREECE ................................................................................................................... 240 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE ........................................................................... 247 
THE MORTGAGE AND HOUSING MARKET IN GREECE ............................................................................... 278 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ................................................................................... 287 
TAXATION................................................................................................................................................................... 308 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................................................... 311 
GENERAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................................................... 315 
INDEX ........................................................................................................................................................................... 319

--- Page 8 ---
8 
UK-#752978185v12 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. It is not possible to identify all such risks or to determine which risks are most likely to occur, 
as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risks and certain risks which it currently deems not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses 
and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. Investing in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, 
among other things, the following. 
THE PURCHASE OF COVERED BONDS MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND MAY BE SUITABLE 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND 
BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS OF 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE COVERED BONDS. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN FINANCIAL 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, (I) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW AND (II) ALL 
THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD MAKE SUCH ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER, 
THE ARRANGER OR ANY DEALER. 
CERTAIN ISSUES OF COVERED BONDS INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT. 
RISKS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
THE COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Hellenic Republic and the global macroeconomic environment 
Geopolitical challenges, the maintenance of high inflationary pressures resulting in a decline of purchasing 
power, tighter monetary and fiscal policy conditions and the still challenging global economic environment 
could negatively affect the developments in the Greek economy and Piraeus Bank’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition 
The majority of Piraeus Bank’s business is in Greece, accounting for 99 per cent. of Piraeus Bank’s assets. As 
a result, macroeconomic developments and political conditions in Greece affect Piraeus Bank’s business and 
results of operations, the quality of its assets and general financial condition directly and significantly. 
During the period between 2010 and 2018, the Hellenic Republic faced sizeable pressure on its public finances 
and received financial assistance under three consecutive support programmes sponsored by the European 
Commission, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), the European Stability Mechanism (“ESM”) and the 
International Monetary Fund (the “IMF”). The Greek economy encountered significant fiscal challenges and 
structural weaknesses. Greece completed its last three-year ESM financial assistance programme (the Third 
Economic Adjustment Programme (the “EAP”)) in August 2018 and entered into the enhanced surveillance

--- Page 9 ---
9 
UK-#752978185v12 
regime. On 11 July 2018, the European Commission adopted a decision to activate the enhanced surveillance 
framework for Greece. This decision entered into force after the successful conclusion of the ESM stability 
support programme on 21 August 2018. 
As part of the comprehensive agreement reached in the Eurogroup statement of 22 June 2018, the Greek 
authorities made a commitment (as set out in the annex to the Eurogroup statement) to continue the 
implementation of all key reforms adopted under the EAP and sustain their objectives, as well as complete 
certain key structural reforms initiated under the EAP within an agreed time frame. Enhanced surveillance is 
a post-programme framework adapted to Greece in view of the longstanding crisis and challenges faced. It 
supported the continuation, completion, and delivery of reforms agreed under the programme, in line with the 
commitments made by the Greek authorities through a close monitoring of the economic, fiscal and financial 
situation and its evolution. Monitoring has been undertaken by the Commission, in liaison with the ECB, and 
where appropriate, with the IMF. The enhanced surveillance framework for Greece expired on 20 August 
2022. According to the European Commission (https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/eu-financial-
assistance/euro-area-countries/financial-assistance-greece_en), Greece delivered on the bulk of the policy 
commitments made to the Eurogroup upon its exit from the EAP in June 2018. Monitoring Greece’s economic, 
fiscal and financial situation continues in the context of the post-programme surveillance (“PPS”) and the 
European Semester (which is part of the European Union's economic governance framework).  The Eurogroup 
is an informal body created in 1997 whereby ministers from the euro area member states discuss matters 
relating to their countries' common responsibilities in respect of the euro. Its main task is to ensure the close 
co-ordination of economic policies among the euro area member states. It also aims to promote conditions for 
stronger economic growth and is responsible for preparing the Eurosummit meetings and related follow-up 
activities.  
In early April 2022, Greece completed its third consecutive early debt repayment to the IMF amounting to 
€1.86 billion and paid off loans due in 2024 totalling approximately €7.9 billion, thus reducing the cost of 
financing the public debt.  
 
Standard & Poor’s on 20 October 2023 upgraded Greece’s long and short term local and foreign currency 
sovereign credit ratings by one notch, to investment grade BBB- with stable outlook, from BB+. Earlier in the 
year DBRS Morningstar, one of the four rating agencies recognised by the European Central Bank (i.e 
Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and DBRS Morningstar) became the first to bring Greece back to 
investment grade status since 2010 debt crisis. DBRS Morningstar on 8 September 2023 upgraded Greece’s 
credit rating to investment grade BBB (low), from BB (high). Furthermore, Rating & Investment Information 
(R&I) and Scope Ratings on 31 July 2023 had also restored Greece to investment grade BBB- with stable 
outlook, from BB+. Moody's on 15 September 2023 upgraded Greece's sovereign credit rating by two notches, 
to Ba1 with a stable outlook, from Ba3. The rating is just one notch below investment grade. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the current long-term credit ratings of Greece by Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and DBRS 
Morningstar, are Ba1 (stable), BBB- (stable), BB+ (stable) and BBB (low) (stable), respectively. 
Any adverse revisions to the Hellenic Republic’s credit ratings by such or similar international rating agencies 
may adversely impact Piraeus Bank’s general financial condition, business and results of operations. For a 
more detailed discussion on the credit rating of the Hellenic Republic, see “Risk Factors–- The Group’s 
borrowing costs, liquidity levels and access to the capital and interbank markets are directly related to the 
credit rating of the Hellenic Republic affecting the Issuer’s credit ratings”. 
In 2022, the Greek economy showed high resilience and strong dynamics despite international challenges. In 
particular, real GDP in 2022 increased by 5.9 per cent., despite the strong inflationary pressures, as nominal 
GDP increased at a double-digit level of 14.5 per cent.. At the same time, conditions in the labour market 
improved, as the unemployment rate was limited to 12.4 per cent. (2021: 14.7 per cent.) and employment 
increased by 5.4 per cent.. At a fiscal level in 2022 the general government primary balance returned to a

--- Page 10 ---
10 
UK-#752978185v12 
surplus (0.1 per cent. of GDP) and public debt was limited to 171.3 per cent. of GDP (2021: 194.6 per cent. of 
GDP). 
In the first six months of 2023, the Greek economy remained on a growth trajectory despite the uncertainties 
that prevailed in the international environment and the macroeconomic impact of monetary policy in the 
Eurozone. In the first half of 2023, real GDP increased by 2.4 per cent. on an annual seasonally adjusted basis, 
a rate that, although slower than the corresponding 2022 level, remains higher than the Eurozone average 
(which is 0.9 per cent.). Domestic demand and exports contributed positively to GDP growth. In the first half 
of 2023 nominal GDP increased by 7.6 per cent. on an annual seasonally adjusted basis, reflecting the impact 
of inflation.  
The economic sentiment indicator in the first seven months of 2023 stood at an average of 108.4 points (full 
year 2022: 105.4 points), a value higher than the corresponding one in the Eurozone (97.5 points). Moreover 
within the first half of 2023, the production indicators in industry, mainly in manufacturing, and in 
construction, as well as the turnover indicators in trade and travel receipts, showed a positive trend. Finally, in 
the real estate market price indices maintained an upward trend on an annual basis.  
In the labour market in the first seven months of 2023, based on seasonally adjusted data, employment 
increased by 1.7 per cent. on an annual basis and the unemployment rate decreased to 11.2 per cent. compared 
to 12.8 per cent. in the corresponding period of 2022. Inflationary pressures, which were a key feature of 2022 
at international and domestic levels, showed a clear trend of de-escalation. In the first eight months of 2023 
inflation stood at 3.8 per cent. from 9.8 per cent. in the corresponding period of 2022, mainly due to the de-
escalation of energy prices. Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (“HICP”) inflation for the first eight 
months of 2023 stood at 4.7 per cent. from 9.2 per cent. in the corresponding period of 2022. 
In the period 2023–2024, forecasts from the European Commission suggest that the Greek economy will 
continue to grow, albeit at a slower pace, the unemployment rate will gradually decline, and inflationary 
pressures will be limited. At a fiscal level, a further expansion in the primary surplus and a de-escalation of 
the debt-to-GDP ratio are estimated. According to the Commission’s 2023 spring forecast, real GDP is forecast 
to expand by 2.4 per cent. in 2023 on the back of both domestic and external demand. In 2024, economic 
growth is projected at 1.9 per cent., gradually converging to longer-term growth potential. Investment is set to 
remain a key contributor to output growth, albeit at lower rates than in 2021-2023, while household spending 
is likely to be supported by a rise in real incomes. Headline HICP is projected to fall back to an average of 4.2 
per cent. in 2023 from 9.3 per cent. in 2022, due to easing energy prices. However it is estimated that the 
lagged pass-through of high energy and food prices to services and non-energy industrial goods will push up 
core inflation in 2023. HICP inflation is set to moderate to 2.4 per cent. by 2024.  
The development prospects of the Greek economy depend on the utilisation of European funds for the 
implementation of investment plans and the stimulation of entrepreneurship. The Recovery and Resilience 
Fund (“RRF”), both in terms of grants and private sector investments through the loan facility, is a key factor 
from the perspective of sustainable development. Greece is to benefit from a total amount of €30.16 billion 
under the RRF, of which €11.1 billion has already been disbursed as at September 2023. On 31 August 2023, 
Greece submitted a request to the European Commission to modify its Recovery and Resilience Plan. At the 
core of the revision is the addition of a ‘REPowerEU’ chapter including a new package of investments and 
reforms with European funding of €795 million, as well as a request for additional loans of €5 billion.  These 
additional funds make the submitted modified plan worth €18.22 billion in grants support and €17.73 billion 
in loans support, equalling €36 billion in total. Prominent risks to the estimates relate, most importantly, to a

--- Page 11 ---
11 
UK-#752978185v12 
lower or slower absorption of NGEU funds than foreseen in the RRF, coupled with insufficient implementation 
of structural reforms. 
Furthermore, there are risk factors that could negatively affect the developments in the Greek economy and its 
prospects, the domestic banking sector in general and the Group, such as the ongoing effects created by 
geopolitical challenges, the maintenance of high inflationary pressures resulting in a decline of purchasing 
power, the weakening of investment activity through the tight monetary policy, the increase of non-performing 
loans, delays in the implementation of public and private investment projects related to the Recovery Fund 
schedule. 
Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, could negatively affect the Group’s business, 
operating results, financial condition and prospects, potentially compressing the Group’s profit margin and its 
ability to increase its fees, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Political, geopolitical and economic developments could adversely affect Piraeus Bank’s operations 
External factors, such as political, geopolitical and economic developments, may negatively affect Piraeus 
Bank’s operations, strategy and prospects both within and outside Greece. Piraeus Bank’s financial condition 
and operating results as well as Piraeus Bank’s strategy and financial prospects may be adversely affected by 
events outside Piraeus Bank’s control, which include, but are not limited to: 
• 
changes in government and economic policies; 
• 
political instability, military conflicts or geopolitical tensions that impact South-Eastern Europe and/or 
other regions; 
• 
changes in the level of interest rates imposed by the ECB; 
• 
fluctuations in consumer confidence and the level of consumer spending; 
• 
regulations and directives relating to the banking and other sectors; and 
• 
taxation and other political, geopolitical and economic or social risks relating to Piraeus Bank’s 
business development. 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which began in February 2022, has increased inflationary pressures and created 
uncertainties in the markets in which Piraeus Bank operates and in macroeconomic conditions generally, as 
have the resulting sanctions imposed by, amongst others, the United States, the European Union and the United 
Kingdom.  
Piraeus Bank Group has a small presence in Ukraine, comprising a financial institution, namely JSC Piraeus 
Bank ICB, and investments in real estate assets which represent in total approximately 0.2 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets of the Piraeus Bank Group as of 30 June 2023.  
In addition, the geopolitical and economic ramifications of the continued evolution of the armed conflict in the 
Middle East are not currently known. 
Any adverse developments in the global economy may negatively affect the overall economic environment 
and by extension the Greek economy leading to higher unemployment rates and negative GDP growth with 
corresponding negative consequences for the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group’s borrowing costs, liquidity levels and access to the capital and interbank markets are directly 
related to the credit rating of the Hellenic Republic affecting the Issuer’s credit ratings 
Downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s rating have occurred in the past, especially since the onset of the 
financial crisis in 2009 and may occur in the future in the event of a deterioration in the country’s public 
finances as a result of weaker economic performance. In such circumstances, the cost of borrowing for the 
Hellenic Republic would increase, with negative effects on the cost of borrowing for Greek banks and therefore 
on their results of operations. 
Historically, Piraeus Bank’s credit ratings have been affected by the credit rating of the Hellenic Republic. 
Consequently, downgrades to the credit ratings of Greece could negatively affect the credit ratings of Piraeus 
Bank, and these credit ratings could remain at a low level for a prolonged period. Negative publicity following 
credit rating downgrades may continue to have an adverse effect on depositor sentiment, which may increase 
Piraeus Bank’s borrowing costs and decrease available liquidity. 
The most recent credit ratings of Piraeus Financial Holdings by the international ratings agencies are as 
follows: Moody’s as at 19 September 2023 assigned a rating of Ba3 (positive outlook) and S&P as at 25 April 
2022 affirmed the rating of B- (positive outlook). The most recent credit ratings of Piraeus Bank by the 
international ratings agencies are as follows: Moody’s as at 19 September 2023 assigned a rating of Ba1 
(positive outlook); S&P as at 25 April 2022 assigned a rating of B+ (positive outlook); and Fitch as at 19 
September 2023 assigned a rating of BB- (stable outlook); and DBRS Morningstar as at 7 December 2022 
assigned a rating of B high (stable outlook). If such credit ratings remain at a low level, coupled with the 
deterioration in market conditions, this may also trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative 
contracts and other secured funding arrangements. As a result, the Group’s counterparties may no longer be 
willing to enter into hedging transactions with the Group, lead to higher spreads on bonds and further restrict 
the Group’s ability to use collateral to secure funding. 
Currency exchange rates cannot be predicted and are influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and 
other factors 
In this respect it should be noted that due to wide fluctuations in CHF/EUR currency exchange rates in recent 
years, borrowers of Swiss franc-denominated mortgage loans have filed lawsuits before Greek courts seeking 
the redenomination of their mortgage loan from CHF to EUR based on the CHF/EUR currency exchange rate 
applicable at the time of the loan disbursement. Following a number of court decisions which ruled in favour 
of borrowers, as well as a number of court decisions which ruled in favour of the relevant credit institution, 
this issue has been referred to a plenary session of the Greek Supreme Court for a final decision. By its decision 
no. 4/2019 the Greek Supreme Court in plenary session ruled in favour of the validity of a provision of a 
mortgage loan denominated in CHF (and originated by a Greek credit institution) under which payments on 
the loan by the borrower are to be made either in CHF or in EUR based on the CHF/EUR exchange rate 
applicable on the date of payment. Though not obligatory, Greek courts seem to have adapted this ruling of 
the Greek Supreme Court in plenary session. Still, should the decisions which ruled in favour of borrowers not 
be successfully appealed, or should other similar cases brought by borrowers succeed (despite above decision 
of the Greek Supreme Court in plenary session), payments under such loans would be calculated on the basis 
of the CHF/EUR currency exchange rate as applicable on the date of the loan disbursement, rather than on the 
date of payment of each instalment as provided in the relevant loan documentation. This may result in the 
Issuer receiving significantly lower payments in respect of these loans if the CHF/EUR currency exchange rate 
on the date of the loan disbursement was higher than on the date of repayment of any instalment.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
UK-#752978185v12 
Risks relating to the Group’s business 
NPEs and past due loans have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial position, capital adequacy and operating results  
Non-performing exposures “"NPEs") represent one of the most significant challenges for the Greek banking 
system. Based on June 2023 data, NPEs of the Greek banking system stood at €12.7 billion with the NPE ratio 
standing at 8.6 per cent., compared to 10.1 per cent. at June 2022.  
In order to facilitate the management of the Group’s NPE portfolio, the Group entered into a long-term strategic 
partnership with Intrum for the management by Intrum Hellas Credit Servicing S.A. (“Intrum Hellas”) of its 
NPEs and real estate owned assets portfolio (the “REOs”) through the establishment of a market-leading 
independent non-performing assets servicing platform in Greece on 3 June 2019. As at 31 December 2022, the 
Group’s NPEs amounted to €2.6 billion and its NPE ratio was 6.8 per cent., compared to €4.9 billion of NPEs 
corresponding to 12.7 per cent. NPE ratio as at 31 December 2021. As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s NPEs 
amounted to €2.0 billion and its NPE ratio was 5.5 per cent.. 
In light of this, and pursuant to the 2020 SREP Decision, the ECB recommended that, with respect to the 
exposures classified as NPEs on 31 March 2018, Piraeus Bank achieve (i) for secured NPEs older than seven 
years, a 40 per cent. coverage by year-end 2020, with a linear adjustment path to full coverage by year-end 
2026, and (ii) for unsecured NPEs older than two years, a 50 per cent. coverage by year-end 2020, with a linear 
adjustment path to full coverage by year-end 2025. Pursuant to the same decision, Piraeus Bank has submitted 
periodic updates of its three-year strategic and operational plan to the ECB on 31 March 2022, to address its 
NPE levels and foreclosed assets. The latest update was submitted on 31 March for the period from 31 
December 2022 to 31 December 2025, as well as a qualitative strategy documentation outlining the core 
aspects of such plan, which includes a clear quantitative target to reduce its NPEs and foreclosed assets, both 
gross and net of provisions. The updated three-year strategic and operational plan incorporates the NPE 
disposal projects which the Group has been executing as part of its NPE Reduction Plan (the “NPE Reduction 
Plan”). Finally, an implementation report regarding the progress of the aforementioned plan was submitted 
based on data published as at 30 June 2023.  
Following increased inflationary pressures due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, a weaker than expected 
improvement in the macroeconomic performance, or weaker recovery of domestic demand may lead to lower 
growth, perpetuate debt problems and lead to additional NPE generation. Furthermore, any potential change 
in the regulatory stance could result in an increase of future provisions, the need for additional capital, the 
classification of loans and exposures as “non-performing” and a significant decrease in the Group’s revenue, 
which could materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial position, capital adequacy and operating 
results. Furthermore, potentially lower than expected recoveries from the Group’s NPE portfolio managed by 
Intrum Hellas could negatively impact the Group’s profitability, while also severely restricting its ability to 
lend. 
The Group may not be able to reduce its remaining NPEs to its targeted low single-digit NPE ratio on a timely 
basis, which may materially and negatively impact the Group’s business, financial condition, capital adequacy 
or results of operations 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s NPEs amounted to €2.6 billion and the NPE ratio was 6.8 per cent.. As 
at 30 June 2023, the Group’s NPEs amounted to €2.0 billion and the NPE ratio was 5.5 per cent.. The level 
and amount of NPEs adversely affects the Group’s net income through foreclosure costs, operating expenses 
and taxes. For the computation of the NPE ratios, the denominator: (i) includes the retained senior tranches

--- Page 14 ---
14 
UK-#752978185v12 
associated with the HAPS schemes that Piraeus Bank has executed; and (ii) is subject to the evolution of net 
credit expansion for the period under consideration. 
In connection with the NPE Reduction Plan, the Group has accelerated its efforts to reduce the NPE levels 
through inorganic disposals, including securitisations, utilising the flexibility provided to the Group by the 
Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme (“HAPS”), as well as additional direct sales of NPEs. As of 30 June 2023, 
the Group achieved a single-digit NPE ratio and is targeting an approximately 3 per cent. NPE ratio in the 
medium term.  
In line with the NPE Reduction Plan, the Group has completed four inorganic NPE reduction transactions, 
namely projects “Phoenix”, “Vega I”, “Vega II”, “Vega III” “Sunrise I” and “Sunrise II”, with a total gross 
book value of €16.6 billion, as well as outright NPE sales with a total gross book value of €0.9 billion. 
In relation to Sunrise III NPE portfolio, in February 2023, the Bank received recognition of significant risk 
transfer (“SRT”). The transfer of 95 per cent. Class B and C notes to the investors will be effected upon 
fulfilment of the HAPS condition precedent, which is expected by year-end 2023. 
For the Solar NPE portfolio of a total gross book value of €0.3 billion, which has been classified as held for 
sale as of June 2022, the Bank submitted applications for HAPS and SRT recognition in October 2022. 
Following signing of the relevant commitment letter, completion of the transaction shall be subject to HAPS 
and SRT approvals.  
Securitised loans of the Sunrise III and Solar portfolios have been classified at Group level as held for sale in 
the second quarter of 2022. 
In the second quarter 2023, the Group accelerated two NPE transactions to further lower its NPE stock and 
achieve the NPE ratio target sooner.  
On 29 June 2023, Piraeus Bank completed the sale of a NPE portfolio, amounting to €0.3 billion gross book 
value, to Intrum Holding AB (Project Senna). The NPE portfolio comprised mainly of approximately 60 per 
cent. small-sized mortgages, and 40 per cent. consumer and small business loans. Further, on 30 June 2023, 
Piraeus Bank classified as held for sale two NPE portfolios, namely portfolio Delta (Romanian NPEs) and 
Wheel II, with a total gross book value of €0.2 billion. The first transaction is expected to be concluded within 
2023 and the second transaction was concluded in July 2023. 
Notwithstanding the significant progress achieved towards the NPE reduction to date, the execution of each of 
the individual NPE reduction projects is complex and entails certain operational and execution risks, such as 
the worsening of market conditions, the deterioration in the financial condition of the Group’s borrowers, the 
satisfaction of applicable conditions for the transfer of the mezzanine notes included in the relevant transaction 
documents, receipt of necessary approvals from third parties, the most important of which are the approval of 
significant risk transfer by the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the “SSM”) so that the relevant securitisation 
transaction is compliant with the applicable regulatory framework and the approval of the granting of the Greek 
state guarantee under the HAPS schemes, and other constraints stemming from events beyond the Group’s 
control, including changes in the regulatory landscape, any of which could cause significant interruptions or 
delays in the implementation of the Group’s plans or require the Group to complete these transactions on less 
favourable terms. 
If the Group is required to accelerate the reduction of its NPE portfolio to comply with regulatory expectations 
or recommendations, the Group may be effectively compelled to increase the number of outright NPE portfolio 
and individual NPE sales, and this may lead to greater capital losses as a result of the difference between the 
value at which non-performing loans are recorded on Piraeus Financial Holdings’ balance sheet and the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
UK-#752978185v12 
consideration that market operators specialised in NPE acquisitions are prepared to offer, or to greater write-
down of loans or a requirement to create additional provisions.  
The Group’s failure to reduce further its NPEs on a timely basis, or on the terms that the Group currently 
expects and on the basis of which the Group has made its estimates, could adversely affect the Group’s 
financial condition, capital adequacy and operating results. The Group would consequently deviate from its 
initial planning and provisioning strategy, as it would still need to comply with the Group’s capital adequacy 
requirements. These developments may lead to lower internal capital generation, thus not enabling the Group 
to achieve the levels of capital adequacy aspired. See also “Risk Factors—NPEs and past due loans have had 
and may continue to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position, capital adequacy and 
operating results”. 
Furthermore, in case the Group is unable to raise such additional capital by accessing the capital markets or 
from other private sources, it may request public financial support, which includes, inter alia, the 
implementation of the general bail-in measure or the non-viability loss absorption measure or, in case of 
extraordinary public financial support of Article 32, paragraph 3(d)(cc) of the Greek BRRD Law, the 
mandatory burden-sharing measures of Law 3864/2010, as amended (the “HFSF Law”) (to the extent 
applicable), each of which could result in the holders of the Covered Bonds losing all or part of their 
investment. Furthermore, the exercise of any such powers may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, capital adequacy, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects. 
The HFSF may exercise significant influence over the management and decision-making of Piraeus Bank 
Following the recapitalisations of the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme as a credit institution in 2013 and 
2015, the HFSF has become the largest ordinary shareholder of Piraeus Financial Holdings and, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, following the conversion of the €2,040,000,000 principal amount of contingent 
convertible bonds which were exclusively subscribed for by the HFSF to notes issued by the ESM (the 
“Contingent Convertible Bonds”) on 4 January 2021, and the completion of the Share Capital Increase in 
April 2021, the HFSF holds 27 per cent. of the voting rights in Piraeus Financial Holdings. As a result of the 
HFSF’s current shareholding in Piraeus Financial Holdings and its veto and consent rights under the HFSF 
Law and the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF may exercise significant influence over certain 
corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, the functioning and decision-making of the Board of 
Directors of each of Piraeus Financial Holdings and Piraeus Bank. No assurance can be given that, in exercising 
such rights, the HFSF’s interests will always be aligned with the interests of other shareholders. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Article 10 of the HFSF Law, the HFSF is entitled to the appointment of a member to 
Piraeus Bank’s Board of Directors and has the power, according to the HFSF Law, to veto, through such 
member, decisions on certain specifically enumerated corporate decisions, such as, indicatively, share capital 
increases or reductions, mergers and demergers, which may significantly affect HFSF’s shareholding in the 
Issuer. For more information on certain special rights that the HFSF has as a major shareholder, please see 
“Regulatory Considerations—The HFSF—Special rights of the HFSF” and “Regulatory Considerations—The 
HFSF—The Relationship Framework Agreement”. See also “Management and Corporate Governance—
Management and corporate governance of Piraeus Financial Holdings—Board of Directors” and 
“Management and Corporate Governance—Management and corporate governance of Piraeus Bank Société 
Anonyme—Board of Directors” for a description of the relevant rights of the HFSF. 
Consequently, as a result of the powers that the HFSF has under the HFSF Law and the Relationship 
Framework Agreement, which is in the process of being amended to reflect certain changes made to the HFSF 
Law pursuant to Greek Law 4941/2022, including as a result of the NPL ratio of Piraeus Bank having fallen 
below 10 per cent. of its total sum of loans, the HFSF may exercise significant influence over the functioning 
and decision-making of the Issuer’s Board of Directors, and such influence may affect its business and strategy.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
The Group is exposed to the financial performance and creditworthiness of companies and individuals in 
Greece 
Piraeus Bank is one of the four systemic Greek banks. Piraeus Bank’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition are significantly exposed to the economic and financial performance, creditworthiness, 
prospects and economic outlook of companies and individuals in Greece or with a significant economic 
exposure to the Greek economy. In addition, Piraeus Bank’s business activities depend on the level of customer 
demand for banking, finance and financial products and services, as well as customers’ capacity to service 
their obligations or maintain or increase their demand for Piraeus Bank’s services. Customer demand and 
customers’ ability to service their liabilities depend considerably on their overall economic confidence, 
prospects, employment status, the state of the public finances in Greece, investment and procurement by the 
central government and municipalities and the general availability of liquidity and funding on reasonable 
terms. 
In an environment characterised by continuing market turbulence, volatile macroeconomic conditions, high 
levels of unemployment, combined with decreasing private consumption and corporate investment and the 
deterioration of credit profiles of corporate and retail borrowers, the heightened inflationary pressures and 
increasing interest rates, the value of the assets which collateralise the loans of Piraeus Bank could be 
significantly reduced. See “Risk Factors —Risks relating to the Hellenic Republic and the global 
macroeconomic environment”. Such reduction may lead to the reduction in the value of the loans or an increase 
in loans in arrears. The Greek economy is experiencing the effects of the international energy crisis. Strong 
inflationary pressures were and are a key feature of 2022 and 2023, in both global markets and in Greece. The 
Greek economy may not achieve the sustained and robust growth that is necessary to ease the financial 
constraints of the country and improve conditions for foreign direct investment and the availability of funding 
from the capital markets. Notwithstanding the success of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme, the 
Greek economy will continue to be affected by the creditworthiness of commercial counterparties 
internationally and the repercussions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical tensions. The 
prospect of a severe economic recession, coupled with increasing market uncertainty and volatility in asset 
prices, higher unemployment rates, and declining consumer spending and business investment, could result in 
substantial impairments in the values of the Group’s loan assets, decreased demand for borrowings, increased 
deposit outflows and a significant increase in the level of NPEs. 
For risks related to increase of the level of the NPEs, see risk factor above “Risk Factors—The Group may not 
be able to reduce its remaining NPEs to a low single-digit NPE ratio on a timely basis, which may negatively 
impact the Group's business, financial condition, capital adequacy or results of operations”. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk and liquidity risk 
As a result of the Group’s activities, it is exposed to a variety of risks, among the most significant of which are 
credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. Failure to control these could result 
in material adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance and reputation. 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to Piraeus Bank arising from the possible inability and/or unwillingness 
of obligors to fulfil their contractual or transactional obligations. Piraeus Bank’s exposure to credit risk mainly 
arises from corporate and retail credit, various investments, over-the-counter (the “OTC”) derivative 
transactions, as well as from transactions’ settlement. The amount of risk associated with such credit exposures 
depends on various factors, including general economic conditions, market developments, the debtor’s 
financial condition, the amount/type/duration of the relevant exposure and the existence of collateral and 
guarantees, which Piraeus Bank may not be able to assess with accuracy at the time of undertaking the relevant

--- Page 17 ---
17 
UK-#752978185v12 
activity. If there is a further deterioration in economic and market conditions in one or more of the markets in 
which Piraeus Bank operates, this could worsen the credit quality of Piraeus Bank’s borrowers and 
counterparties. In Greece and in the other countries in which Piraeus Bank operates, it may continue to see 
adverse changes in the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, with increasing delinquencies, defaults 
and insolvencies across a range of sectors, particularly in the real estate market where Piraeus Bank’s exposure 
is significant due to mortgage loans. These trends and risks have led, and may lead, to further and accelerated 
impairment charges, higher costs, additional write-downs and losses. 
Market risk is the risk of economic losses to Piraeus Bank due to adverse changes in market rates or prices, 
such as interest rate changes, foreign exchange rate changes, equity/debt security price and commodity price 
changes. Interest rate risk is the main source of market risk for Piraeus Bank, because unexpected changes in 
interest rates may adversely affect its results by changing Piraeus Bank’s net interest income and the value of 
other income or expense susceptible to changes in interest rates. If any of the variety of instruments and 
strategies that Piraeus Bank uses to hedge its exposure to various types of risk in its businesses is not effective, 
Piraeus Bank may incur losses. Many of Piraeus Bank’s strategies are based on historical trading patterns and 
correlations. Unexpected market developments may therefore adversely affect the effectiveness of Piraeus 
Bank’s hedging strategies. Moreover, Piraeus Bank does not hedge all of its risk exposure in all market 
environments or against all types of risk. In addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting from 
certain hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in Piraeus Bank’s reported earnings. Piraeus 
Bank does not ordinarily hedge the credit exposure on its Greek government bond portfolio or its Greek 
government treasury bills.  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond Piraeus Bank’s control, including global pandemics, 
monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Additional events may 
affect the volatility of interest rates in Greece and in the other countries in which Piraeus Bank operates. 
Changes in interest rates also affect the value of assets and liabilities, since the present value of future cash 
flows and, in some cases, the cash flows themselves change when interest rates change. Changes in market 
interest rates could affect the spread between interest rates Piraeus Bank charges on its interest-earning assets 
and the interest rates it pays on its interest-bearing liabilities, which may adversely impact Piraeus Bank’s net 
interest income. Given that the majority of Piraeus Bank’s lending is refinanced within a year, rising interest 
rates may also result in an increase in its impairment losses on loans and advances if customers cannot service 
or refinance their loans in a higher interest rate environment. Τhe value-at-risk (the “VaR”) estimate for Piraeus 
Bank’s trading book as at 31 December 2022 was €2.8 million, consisting of €1.0 million for interest rate risk, 
€0.2 million for foreign exchange risk, €1.6 million for equity market risk nil for commodities risk. The VaR 
measure is an estimate of the potential loss in the net present value of a portfolio, over a specified period and 
with a specified confidence level. Furthermore, an increase in interest rates may impair customers’ ability to 
repay their obligations in light of the existing financial situation. Similarly, unexpected adverse changes in 
currency markets may affect the value of Piraeus Bank’s assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency, 
potentially leading to a decrease in operating income and net position. Movements in the financial markets 
may cause fluctuations in the value of Piraeus Bank’s investment and trading portfolios. 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, 
or from external events. This would include losses that are caused by a lack of controls within internal 
procedures, violations of internal policies by employees, the unavailability of IT systems, natural disasters 
(such as floods or earthquakes) or malicious acts by third parties (such as cyber-attacks, robberies or terrorist 
activity). Furthermore, Piraeus Bank recognises the risk of legal and regulatory sanctions, financial loss and/or 
impacts on its reputation, which may result from a breach or non-compliance with the legal and regulatory 
framework, contractual obligations and codes of conduct related to Piraeus Bank’s activities. 
Liquidity risk is the Bank’s potential inability to anticipate and take appropriate measures to deal with 
unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources which could adversely affect the Bank’s ability to fulfil

--- Page 18 ---
18 
UK-#752978185v12 
its financial obligations when they fall due. The management of liquidity risk refers to the Bank’s ability to 
maintain sufficient liquidity to meet its payment obligations when they fall due.  
The BRRD and the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) framework may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, and results of operations  
Directive 2014/59/EU (the “BRRD” or “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”), sets out rules designed 
to harmonise and improve the tools for dealing with bank crises across the EU, and ensures that shareholders, 
creditors and unsecured depositors mandatorily participate in the recapitalisation and/or the liquidation of 
institutions that fail or are likely to fail, as these circumstances are described in the BRRD. The BRRD has 
been initially transposed in Greece by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 (the “Greek BRRD Law”). The Greek 
BRRD Law has recently been amended to reflect the changes introduced by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (the 
“BRRD II”). 
Where a credit institution which is a subsidiary of such financial holding company (such as Piraeus Bank) is 
determined to be failing or likely to fail (as contemplated by the BRRD) and there is no reasonable prospect 
that any of the alternative measures described in Article 32 of the Greek BRRD Law would prevent such failure 
within a reasonable period of time, the Greek BRRD Law resolution actions are available to the competent 
resolution authority, and comprise tools such as the asset separation, the bridge institution, the sale of business 
and the bail-in. 
Should Piraeus Financial Holdings and/or Piraeus Bank be determined to be failing or likely to fail (as 
contemplated by the BRRD and the Greek BRRD Law), the competent resolution authority has the power, 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Greek BRRD Law, to remove the Board of Directors of each of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings and Piraeus Bank and their respective management team and, therefore, adversely affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Other resolution tools of the Greek BRRD 
Law could result in the Covered Bonds being written down, converted to equity or cancelled by the competent 
resolution authority, which could lead to a partial or total loss of investment by the Covered Bondholders.  
In addition, the MREL framework provides that there should be sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity available in resolution of any credit institution on a standalone or, as applicable, a consolidated level, 
to implement an orderly resolution that minimises any impact on financial stability, ensures the continuity of 
critical functions, and avoids exposing taxpayers (public funds) to loss. The Single Resolution Board (the 
“SRB”) has been authorised to calculate and determine the level of MREL for each EU systemic credit 
institution (including Piraeus Bank). 
In April 2020, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the SRB noted that in the 2020 resolution planning cycle, 
MREL targets would be set according to a transition period, i.e. setting the final target by 2024 on the basis of 
recent MREL data and reflecting changing capital requirements, while it will take a forward-looking approach 
for banks that may face difficulties meeting the existing targets, before new decisions take effect. The Greek 
banks have been granted an extension until 31 December 2025 to meet their respective final MREL target. On 
20 May 2020, the SRB announced its MREL policy, setting out binding MREL targets, indicating that its 
MREL decisions, including those with respect to subordination, implementing the new framework (the 
“Banking Package”) will be taken based on this policy in the 2020 resolution planning cycle. For Piraeus 
Bank, the interim non-binding MREL target to be met by 1 January 2023, as initially determined by the SRB 
for the 2020 cycle, amounted to 15.6 per cent. of its total risk exposure amount plus combined buffers, while 
the fully calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 31 December 2025 stands at 23.75 per cent. of its total 
risk exposure amount plus combined buffers. As of 30 June 2023, Piraeus Bank’s MREL at Group level stood 
at 21.6 per cent. pro forma, against an Intermediate Guidance Target of 19.1 per cent. for January 2023 and a 
21.8 per cent. target to be met by 1 January 2024. The SRB published an updated MREL policy based on the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
UK-#752978185v12 
changes required by the Banking Package in May 2023, which could potentially result in new binding MREL 
targets for European banks and banking groups, including the Issuers. 
In addition, the timing and the proper market window are also critical for the issuance of MREL qualifying 
instruments. For instance, from mid-February to end-March 2020, European banks’ gross bond issuances 
dropped below the 2015-2019 average issuance, driven by the market disruption and the rise of funding costs 
brought by the COVID-19 pandemic. Similarly, during the first half of 2022, funding costs increased 
substantially due to inflationary pressures, caused by geopolitical instability and the environment of increasing 
interest rates. Investors may question the Group’s ability to meet its MREL targets. In case the Group fails to 
achieve certain MREL targets within a specific time frame due to factors extending beyond its control or its 
eligible MREL resources evolve differently than anticipated, this could adversely affect the Group’s ability to 
comply with the SRB’s requirements or could result in issuing MREL at very high costs, which could adversely 
affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Furthermore, the exercise of some or all of the resolution powers by the competent resolution authority under 
the BRRD and the MREL framework may also affect the confidence of Piraeus Bank’s depositors and so may 
have a significant impact on the Group’s results of operations, business, assets, liquidity and financial 
condition, as well as on funding activities and the products and services the Group offers. 
A material outflow of customer deposits, particularly retail deposits, an inability to attract new deposits, or 
an inability to contain the cost of deposits over time, could materially and adversely impact the Group’s results, 
financial condition and prospects, its liquidity position and loan to deposits ratio 
Historically, one of the Group’s principal sources of funds has been customer deposits, and retail deposits in 
particular. As at 31 December 2022, corporate deposits and retail deposits represented 25.4 per cent. and 58.9 
per cent. of the Group’s total liabilities, respectively, compared to 22.5 per cent. and 52.4 per cent., 
respectively, as at 31 December 2021. As at 30 June 2023, corporate deposits and retail deposits represented 
25.4 per cent. and 57.8 per cent. of the Group’s total liabilities, respectively. As the Group relies on retail 
deposits for a substantial portion of its funding, if the Group’s retail customers withdraw their funds at a rate 
faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, if the Group is unable to attract new deposits or if it 
is unable to obtain the necessary liquidity by other means, the Group may incur higher funding costs, and have 
to liquidate some of its assets or increase its funding from the ECB and the Bank of Greece under their 
respective terms. If funding is required from the ECB, the Bank of Greece, the Emergency Liquidity Assistance 
(“ELA”) or any other liquidity assistance scheme, the Group may face additional costs because of the ECB 
rules relating to the eligibility and valuation of collateral used for funding.  
The ongoing availability of deposits to fund the Group’s loan portfolio is subject to potential changes in certain 
factors outside its control, such as depositors’ concerns regarding the economy in general, the financial services 
industry or the Group specifically, the risk of implementation of changes in the framework for supporting the 
financial credit institutions that are having problems by requiring the participation of their respective 
shareholders, the creditors and the unsecured depositors and initiatives for taxation of deposits, significant 
further deterioration in economic conditions in Greece and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees. 
Government or resolution authority interventions aimed at alleviating the financial recession and preventing a 
potential bank failure are uncertain and carry additional risks. Unsecured depositors sharing the burden in case 
of a recapitalisation or liquidation or resolution measures of banks which are subject to the aforementioned 
process, as well as the taxation of deposits, may result in a loss of customer confidence and lead to further 
outflows of deposits from the Greek banking system, which would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s ability to operate as a going concern. 
Any loss in customer confidence in the Group’s banking businesses, or in the banking sector in general, could 
significantly increase the amount of customer deposit withdrawals or increase the cost of deposits in a short

--- Page 20 ---
20 
UK-#752978185v12 
period of time, or will not allow the Group to lower the cost of deposits in the medium term. If Piraeus Bank 
experiences an unusually high level of withdrawals, this may have an adverse effect on the Group’s results, 
financial condition and prospects. Piraeus Bank’s loans-to-deposits ratio might be adversely impacted, which, 
in turn, could negatively impact its ability to disburse new loans and earn interest income. Unusually high 
levels of withdrawals could prevent Piraeus Bank from funding operations and meeting minimum liquidity 
requirements. In those circumstances, the Group may not be in a position to continue operating without 
additional funding support, which it may be unable to secure. 
The Group may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market fluctuations and 
volatility, which may adversely affect the Group’s ability to lend and its profitability, which could require it to 
raise additional capital 
The Group maintains trading and investment positions in debt securities, foreign exchange and equity. These 
positions could be adversely affected by volatility in financial and other markets and in Greek sovereign debt, 
creating a risk of substantial losses. Volatility can also lead to losses relating to a broad range of other trading 
and hedging products the Group uses, including swaps, futures, options and structured products. Significant 
reductions in estimated or actual values of the Group’s assets have occurred as a result of previous events in 
the market. 
As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s investing portfolio stood at €13,727 million. The portfolio comprised financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), financial assets mandatorily at FVTPL, financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) and debt securities at amortised cost, 
representing 17.8 per cent. of the Group’s total assets, of which debt securities representing 17.5 per cent. of 
its total assets (€13,480 million) and shares and mutual funds representing 0.3 per cent. of its total assets (€247 
million). As at 30 June 2022, the Group’s investing portfolio stood at €12,269 million, representing 15 per 
cent. of its total assets. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s investing portfolio stood at €12,471 million, 
representing 16.5 per cent. of its total assets. 
In addition, the Group carries out various proprietary activities, including the placement of deposits 
denominated in Euro and other currencies in the interbank market, as well as trading in primary and secondary 
markets for government securities. The management of the Group’s own portfolio includes taking positions in 
fixed income and equity markets, both through spot and derivative products and other financial instruments. 
Trading on account of the Group’s own portfolio carries risks, including risks related to market conditions. 
Continued volatility and further fragmentation of certain financial markets may affect the Group’s financial 
position, operating results and prospects. In the future, these factors may have an influence on day-to-day 
valuations of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities, recorded at fair value. In addition, volatility could 
lead to further impairment losses, including impairment of the Group’s investment in sovereign debt securities. 
This may adversely affect the Group’s ability to lend and its profitability, which could require the Group to 
undertake additional capital enhancing actions, including raising additional capital.  
The Group’s management body and senior management may be subject to changes by virtue of the powers 
exercised by the competent resolution authority pursuant to the Greek BRRD Law, which may adversely affect 
its business and operations 
Under Articles 27 and 30 of the Greek BRRD Law, if  Piraeus Bank infringes, or is likely in the near future to 
infringe, the requirements of, among other statutes, the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (“CRR”) or the Greek Law 
4261/2014 (the “Banking Law”), due to, inter alia, a rapidly deteriorating financial condition, the competent 
resolution authority may require one or more members of the Board of Directors or senior management of 
Piraeus Bank to be removed or replaced if those persons are found unfit to perform their duties. Under Article 
28 of the Greek BRRD Law, the competent resolution authority may require the removal of the senior 
management or management body, in its entirety or with regard to certain individuals, where there is a

--- Page 21 ---
21 
UK-#752978185v12 
significant deterioration in the entity’s financial situation or where there are serious infringements of law, of 
regulations or of its statutes, or serious administrative irregularities, and other measures taken under the Greek 
BRRD Law are not sufficient to reverse that deterioration. 
In addition, under Article 34(1) of the Greek BRRD Law, when applying the resolution tools and exercising 
the resolution powers, the competent resolution authority must take all appropriate measures to ensure that the 
resolution action is taken in accordance with certain principles. One of those principles is that the management 
body and senior management of the entity under resolution be replaced, except in those cases when the 
retention of the management body and senior management (in whole or in part) is considered necessary for the 
achievement of the resolution objectives. As such, if the competent resolution authority exercises its early 
supervisory intervention and/or resolution powers upon Piraeus Bank, it is likely that its Board of Directors 
and senior management will be replaced. 
The impact (if any) of such removal and/or replacement of the Board of Directors and senior management is 
uncertain and could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and future prospects. 
The Group may not be able to effectively utilise deferred tax assets or treat deferred tax assets as regulatory 
capital 
The Group recognises deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that the Bank or Group companies 
will have sufficient future taxable profit available, against which deductible temporary differences and tax 
losses carried forward can be utilised. The main uncertainties for the recoverability of the deferred tax assets 
relate to the achievement of the goals set by the Bank’s business plan, which is mainly affected by the economic 
circumstances in Greece. Any failure to achieve such goals, and thus effectively recover the deferred tax assets 
recognised, may have an adverse effect on the Group’s operating results and financial position. Additionally, 
the Group may not be allowed to continue recognising the main part of deferred tax assets as regulatory capital, 
which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and financial position. 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks which might adversely affect its fee 
income and compress its profit margins 
The Group faces competition from Greek and foreign banks and may not be able to continue to compete 
successfully with them in the future. These competitive pressures may have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Group’s success depends on its capacity 
to offer a wide range of competitive and high-quality products and services to its customers. In order to pursue 
these objectives, the Group has adopted a strategy of segmentation of its customer base, aimed at serving the 
various needs of each segment in the most suitable manner. Moreover, the Group seeks to maintain long-term 
financial relations with its customers through the sale of anchor products and services. Nevertheless, high 
levels of competition in Greece, and an increased emphasis on cost reduction, may lead to a decrease in the 
Group’s fee income and compress its profit margins, which may have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
profitability. 
Government interventions aimed at alleviating the financial crisis are subject to uncertainty and carry 
additional risks 
Government and inter-governmental interventions aimed at alleviating the financial crisis could lead to 
increased ownership and control of financial institutions by the Hellenic Republic or other entities related to 
the Hellenic Republic or other governmental authorities, and further consolidation in the banking sector. 
During the 2008-2009 global financial crisis and the Cyprus debt crisis in March 2013, various governments 
responded to credit or liquidity concerns in certain banks by nationalising or partially nationalising those banks 
or putting them through a form of resolution or recapitalisation process. During that period, even if banks were

--- Page 22 ---
22 
UK-#752978185v12 
not fully nationalised, their shareholders experienced significant dilution and loss of value. Furthermore, in the 
case of Cyprus, the regulatory authorities employed a bail-in to resolve the crisis, which resulted in deposit 
funds in excess of the guaranteed amount being used as a contribution to the recapitalisation of the bank. 
Unsecured depositors sharing the burden of the recapitalisation and/or liquidation of troubled banks, and/or 
the taxation of deposits may result in a loss of customer confidence in the countries in which the Bank operates 
and further outflows of deposits from the banking system, which would have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and on the ability to operate as a 
going concern. 
 
Exacerbation of natural disasters due to climate change could impact demand for the Group’s products and 
adversely impact the financial position and creditworthiness of its customers  
 
Global warming and climate change are negatively affecting and are expected to further affect Greece in the 
future. Potential consequences include (i) adverse effects on human health and welfare, (ii) increased demand 
for energy around the year, making carbon-dependent economies like Greece more vulnerable to international 
fluctuations in fossil fuel supply and prices, (iii) extreme weather and natural disasters, such as wildfires, 
hurricanes, floods, frost waves and hailstorms occurring with increasing frequency, (iv) increased fiscal costs, 
including lower tax revenue and higher public spending on prevention, management and relief measures of 
such natural disasters and (v) the permanent devaluation or destruction of part of the output generated by 
activities that rely heavily on the climate and the natural environment, such as tourism, agriculture, forestry, 
and fishing, and the impact of this on GDP, employment, competitiveness, and state and tax capacity.  
These factors may have a significant negative effect on the Group, reducing demand for its products and 
services, and adversely impacting the financial position and creditworthiness of its customers, potentially 
causing widespread insolvency and/or adversely affecting the ability of customers to repay amounts owed to 
Piraeus Bank. They can also have an indirect impact by worsening the financial environment and exerting 
upwards pressure on Greece’s sovereign borrowing costs. 
The requirements of the deposit guarantee schemes applicable throughout the EU may result in additional 
costs to the Group 
Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes (the "DGS") entered into force in May 2014 (the 
"DGSD") recasting the Directive 94/19/EC and introducing new harmonised rules on DGS applicable 
throughout the EU. Amongst other things, the DGSD preserves the harmonised coverage level of €100,000 
per depositor, which will continue to be offered in the form of repayment in the case of a bank’s liquidation 
where deposits would become unavailable. It also re-confirms the fundamental principle underpinning DGS, 
namely that it is banks that finance DGS and not taxpayers. In addition, for the first time since the introduction 
of DGS in 1994, there are legislative financing requirements for DGS. In principle, the target level for ex ante 
funds of the DGS is 0.8 per cent. of covered deposits to be paid by member banks (in the case of highly 
concentrated banking sectors, the European Commission may authorise a Member State to set a lower target 
level for its DGS, but this may not be lower than 0.5 per cent. of covered deposits). A maximum of 30 per 
cent. of the funding can be made up of payment commitments. The target fund level must be reached within a 
10-year period (which can be extended by four years if there is a substantial cumulative disbursement of 
amounts under DGS during the phasing-in period). In the case of insufficient ex ante funds, DGS will collect 
ex post contributions from the banking sector, and, if necessary, as a last resort, alternative funding 
arrangements such as loans from public or private third parties are permitted. There will also be a voluntary 
scheme facilitating mutual borrowing between DGS from different EU countries.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
UK-#752978185v12 
In addition, the DGSD introduced a requirement for contributions to be risk-based, while Article 13 of the 
DGSD thereof lays down a number of criteria for the calculation of contributions to DGS, notably that:  
• 
contributions are compulsorily based on the amount of covered deposits and the risk profile of each 
member institution;  
• 
DGS are allowed to develop and use their own calculation methods in order to tailor contributions to 
market circumstances and risk profiles; and  
• 
Member States may provide for lower contributions from institutional protection scheme members 
and low-risk sectors regulated under national law.  
To ensure consistent application of the DGSD across Member States, the European Banking Authority on 28 
May 2015 adopted detailed guidelines to specify methods for calculating contributions to DGS in accordance 
with the above Article 13 of the DGSD, which are binding on the Member States DGS.  
In line with Article 10(1) of the DGSD, DGS have had to collect contributions at least annually beginning on 
3 July 2015. Since this date, pursuant to Article 13 of the DGSD, contributions have been risk-based.  
The DGSD has already been transposed into the national legislation of Bulgaria, Romania, Luxembourg and 
Cyprus, where the Group has activities. In Greece, the DGSD was transposed into Greek Law by Greek Law 
4370/2016, which came into force on 7 March 2016 and repealed the previously applicable Greek Law 
3746/2009, defining, among others, the scope and certain aspects of the operation of the Hellenic Deposit and 
Investment Guarantee Funds ("HDIGF"), the terms of participation of credit institutions as well as the process 
for determining and paying contributions to its schemes.  
The Group may be required to increase the Group’s contributions in the relevant DGS, which in turn may 
affect the Group’s operating results and the Group’s ability to pay interest and principal on the Covered Bonds 
in full and in a timely manner. 
Greek Property Market 
One of Piraeus Bank’s activities is mortgage lending. A downturn in the Greek economy could have a negative 
effect on the property market in terms of reducing the ability of homeowners to service their debt as well as in 
terms of falling property prices and any knock-on effects this may have on lender recoveries. These 
consequences could have an adverse effect on Piraeus Bank’s financial position. 
The Group is subject to stress testing, which may result in a requirement to raise additional capital or more 
stringent capital requirements in the future or have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects 
Stress tests analysing the banking sector have been, and will continue to be, published by national and 
supranational authorities and regulators, including the European Banking Authority (“EBA”), the ECB and 
others. 
On 31 January 2023, the 2023 EU-wide stress test was launched by the EBA, on a much larger sample 
compared to previous years, covering 70 EU banks and 75 per cent. of total banking assets in the EU. The 
exercise assessed the performance of banks under a baseline and adverse scenario during the period 2023-
2025. In terms of scenario severity, the 2023 EU-wide stress test featured the most severe GDP decline 
assumed, with the 3-year cumulative reduction in Greek GDP growth at -5.5 per cent., compared to the 
previous 3 EU-wide stress test exercises.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
UK-#752978185v12 
On 28 July 2023, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that it had successfully completed the 2023 EBA 
Stress Test Exercise conducted by the EBA. 
Moreover, on 27 January 2022, the ECB announced the launch of a supervisory climate risk stress test to assess 
how prepared banks (such as Piraeus Bank) are for dealing with financial and economic shocks stemming from 
climate risk. The exercise was conducted in the first half of 2022 after which the ECB will publish aggregate 
results. This test was a learning exercise for banks and supervisors alike. It aimed to identify the vulnerabilities, 
best practices and challenges banks face when managing climate-related risk. Importantly, this was not a pass-
or-fail exercise, nor did it have direct implications for banks’ capital levels. On 8 July 2022, the ECB 
announced the results of the first EU-Wide Climate Stress Test Exercise. The results will feed into the SREP 
from a qualitative point of view. This means that this stress test could indirectly impact Pillar 2 requirements 
through the SREP scores, but will not directly impact capital through Pillar 2 guidance. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s fully loaded CET1 capital ratio stood at 11.5 per cent. and its fully 
loaded total regulatory capital ratio stood at 16.4 per cent.. As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s CET1 capital ratio 
stood at 12.23 per cent. and its total regulatory capital ratio stood at 16.95 per cent. On a pro forma basis, as at 
30 June 2023, the Group’s CET1 capital ratio stood at 12.34 per cent. and its total regulatory capital ratio stood 
at 17.11 per cent. 
Greek banks may be required in the future to meet more stringent capital requirements regarding their CET1 
capital ratios due to the outcome of a stress test exercise. If the Group was to fail to meet any such new 
requirements at a consolidated level by accessing the capital markets or by organic capital generation, it would 
be required to receive additional capital from other sources, including, potentially, by means of public financial 
support, which would also include the implementation of the general bail-in measure or the non-viability loss 
absorption measure or, in case of extraordinary public financial support of Article 32, paragraph 3(d)(cc) of 
the Greek BRRD Law, the mandatory burden sharing measures of the HFSF Law (to the extent applicable) – 
each of which could result in the holders of the Covered Bonds losing all or part of their investment.  
Loss of confidence in the banking sector following the announcement of stress tests regarding a particular bank 
or the Greek banking system as a whole, or market perception that any such tests are not rigorous enough, 
could have a negative effect on the cost of funding and may thus have a material adverse effect on operations 
and financial condition. Any future stress tests may result in higher regulatory capital requirements or a 
requirement to raise additional capital. Furthermore, the Group may face additional pressure from the 
regulators, which may lead to a disposal of further NPEs on terms that may not be favourable to the Group. In 
addition, exercise of the above powers by the regulators, coupled with the potential enforcement of more 
stringent capital requirements or regulatory measures, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects. 
Applicable bankruptcy laws and other laws and regulations affecting creditors’ rights in Greece and various 
European countries where the Group operates may limit the Group’s ability to receive payments on defaulted 
credits 
In Greece, bankruptcy, insolvency, enforcement and other laws and regulations affecting creditors’ rights are 
likely to offer less protection for creditors than bankruptcy, insolvency and enforcement regimes in other 
developed countries. 
Since the onset of the financial crisis in Greece, legislation has been adopted to enable vulnerable categories 
of individual debtors meeting specific economic and social criteria to seek court protection regarding the 
repayment or restructuring of their debt whereas the current bankruptcy code allows for agreements between

--- Page 25 ---
25 
UK-#752978185v12 
corporate debtors and their creditors in the context of restructuring proceedings, which has resulted, and could 
further result, in credit institutions incurring significant credit impairments or write-offs.  
If the current economic environment worsens, bankruptcies, other insolvency procedures and governmental 
measures, including payment and enforcement moratoria, could intensify, or applicable laws and regulations 
may be amended to limit the impact of the recession on corporate and retail debtors. Furthermore, the heavy 
workload that local courts may face, and the cumbersome and time-consuming administrative and other 
processes and requirements to which restructuring, insolvency and enforcement measures are subject, slow the 
pace at which court judgments on insolvency, rehabilitation and enforcement proceedings become final. Such 
amendments and/or any potential further measures, increasing the protection of debtors and/or impeding the 
Group from timely collecting overdue debts or enforcing securities which would lead to an increase in the 
number of NPEs and/or a reduction in the amount of collections on NPEs compared to the Group’s plans, 
could result in a corresponding increase in provisions, and this may have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, capital position and financial condition. 
Changes in consumer protection laws might limit the fees that the Group may charge in certain banking 
transactions 
Changes in consumer protection laws in Greece and other jurisdictions where the Group has operations could 
limit the fees that banks may charge for certain products and services such as mortgages, unsecured loans and 
credit cards. If introduced, such changes in laws could reduce the Group’s profit for the period, though the 
amount of any such reduction cannot be estimated at this time. Such effects could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The EU regulatory and supervisory framework may constrain the economic environment and adversely impact 
the Bank’s operating environment 
The European Parliament adopted two regulations on economic governance, namely: (i) Regulation 473/2013 
for enhanced monitoring and assessment of draft budgetary plans of Eurozone member states, especially those 
subject to an excessive deficit procedure; and (ii) Regulation 472/2013 on enhanced surveillance of Eurozone 
member states that are experiencing severe financial disturbance or request financial assistance. The two 
regulations introduce provisions for enhanced monitoring of countries’ budgetary policies. Greater emphasis 
is being placed on the debt criterion of the Stability and Growth Pact, where member states whose debt exceeds 
60 per cent. of gross domestic product ("GDP") (the EU’s debt reference value), such as the Hellenic Republic, 
would be required to take steps to reduce their debt at a pre-defined pace, even if their deficit is below 3 per 
cent. of GDP (the EU’s deficit reference value). As a preventive measure, an expenditure benchmark is 
proposed, which implies that annual expenditure growth should not exceed a reference medium-term rate of 
GDP growth. A new set of financial sanctions are proposed for Eurozone member states; these will be triggered 
at a lower deficit level and will use a graduated approach. Although not relevant in the short term, given the 
dimensions of Greece’s public debt imbalance, these measures are likely to have the effect of limiting the 
government’s capacity to stimulate economic growth through spending or through a reduction of the tax burden 
for a long period. Any limitation on growth of the Greek economy is likely to adversely affect the Bank’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to the risk of legal and regulatory actions and other claims 
Litigation risk is the risk of exposure to litigation as a result of changing and developing consumer protection 
legislation, legislation on the provision of banking and investment services and data privacy. The Group is 
subject to several claims, legal actions and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. These actions 
and proceedings are generally based on alleged violations of consumer protection, banking, employment and 
other laws. Although none of these actions and proceedings is individually material, the Group operates in a

--- Page 26 ---
26 
UK-#752978185v12 
legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation and regulatory 
investigation and other risks. As at 30 June 2023, the Group established a provision for cases under litigation 
of €34 million.  
Changes in consumer protection laws in Greece could limit the fees that banks may charge for certain products 
and services such as mortgages, unsecured loans and credit cards, with a negative effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Hellenic Competition Commission also 
has the power to, inter alia, review the fees charged in the provision of the relevant services by the Group, and 
can investigate potential infringements of Articles 1 and 2 of the Greek Competition Act, as well as Articles 
101 and 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, which prohibit cartels and restrictive 
exclusionary practices in the relevant markets.  
Legal and regulatory actions are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes, including the timing, 
amount of fines or settlements or the form of any settlements, which may be material and in excess of any 
related provisions, are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of a case or investigation, and 
the Group’s expectation for resolution may change. In addition, responding to and defending any current or 
potential proceedings involving the Group or any of its directors and other employees may be expensive and 
may result in diversion of management resources (including the time of the affected persons or other Group 
employees), even if the actions are ultimately unsuccessful. Accordingly, any such legal proceedings and other 
actions involving any member of the Group or any of its directors or other employees may have an adverse 
effect on the Group, including negative publicity, loss of revenue, litigation, fines, higher scrutiny and/or 
intervention from regulators, regulatory or legislative action and loss of existing or potential client business, 
which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
The Group may have to bear additional costs in regard to staff costs   
Under the measures for the implementation of the Group’s strategy, it reduced the number of employees in 
Greece by 3,800 between 2018 and 2022, mainly through the implementation of voluntary exit schemes 
(“VES”), and may continue in the future to reduce, albeit gradually, the number of employees in Greece or 
other countries, particularly through voluntary mechanisms, such as termination by mutual agreement or, to 
the extent legally possible, early retirement. Voluntary exits in 2021 amounted to 899 employees, mainly due 
to VES launched during that year. The VES cost for 2021 amounted to €25 million, while the provision utilised 
for VES within the period ended 31 December 2021 amounted to €72 million. During 2022, another VES was 
implemented, with voluntary exits amounting to 574 employees and a provision booked for €57 million. For 
the first half of 2023, the Group’s VES costs amounted to €5 million. The Group cannot know whether, nor 
guarantee that, these measures or any other future action relating to the Group’s staff taken with respect to the 
implementation of its strategy will not result in legal disputes or disturbances to the Group’s activity. Such 
initiatives may lead to additional restructuring expenditure in terms of staff costs. 
An interruption in, or a breach of security in, the Group’s information systems may result in lost business and 
other losses   
A significant part of the Group’s operations is based on the processing, transfer and storage of information 
through the use of integrated information systems and telecommunication systems. Moreover, the Group keeps 
large amounts of sensitive data, such as data on customers and their transactions.  
The Group faces significant business risks deriving from its increasing dependence on its integrated 
information systems, the increasing interconnection between such systems and clients or third parties, the 
continuous organisational and technological changes imposed by business needs and the daily appearance of 
new technological or other threats. Such risks include unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data

--- Page 27 ---
27 
UK-#752978185v12 
(including clients’ confidential information), data hacking (e.g., account hacking), the unavailability of 
services, computer viruses or other malicious codes, cyber-attacks and other technological security incidents. 
Such threats may originate from human error, fraud or intentional actions on the part of employees, associated 
companies or third parties (e.g., hackers) or from random technological failure.  
In the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cyber security, including criminal hackers 
and human or technological error. Database privacy, identity theft and related computer and internet issues are 
also matters of growing public concern and are subject to frequently changing rules and regulations. The 
Group’s failure to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory 
requirements in this area, or from evolution in technology, could result in legal liability or harm to the Group’s 
reputation. As a result of the increased visibility of the Group’s brand, there is a heightened risk of cyber-
attacks and phishing attempts. Although the Group has put in place security systems on a Group level 
(including its subsidiaries abroad), any failure or interruption or breach in security of these systems for any 
reason could result in failures or interruptions in the Group’s operations support, and product customer 
relationship management systems (such as deposit and loan management systems). The Group cannot provide 
assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately 
addressed. The occurrence of any failures or interruptions could result in a loss of customer data, disclosure of 
confidential information, legal and regulatory liability and an inability to service the Group’s customers, which 
could have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of potential fraud and illegal activities in any form, which, if not successfully 
dealt with in a timely manner, could have negative effects on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects 
The Group is subject to rules and regulations related to combating money laundering and terrorism financing. 
Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including adverse legal and reputational 
consequences. The Group cannot guarantee that its policies and procedures and its staff will comply at all 
times with, or be sufficient to address, all rules applicable to the prevention of all attempts of money laundering 
and terrorism financing in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Should any 
of the Group’s intermediaries, customers, suppliers, partners, affiliates or employees receive or grant 
inappropriate benefits or use corrupt, fraudulent or other unfair business practices, the Group could be 
confronted with legal sanctions, penalties, loss of business, claims by injured parties or suffer harm to its 
reputation, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS  
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and/or Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 28 ---
28 
UK-#752978185v12 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Security and insolvency considerations 
Security will be (a) created under and pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation over the Cover Pool 
Assets by virtue of any Registration Statement filed with the Athens Pledge Registry and (b) granted by the 
Issuer over the Transaction Account, the Transaction Documents, and the Hedging Agreements pursuant to 
the Deed of Charge in respect of certain of its obligations, including its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In certain circumstances, including the occurrence of certain insolvency events in respect of the Issuer, the 
ability to realise any such security may be delayed and/or the value of the security impaired. There can be no 
assurance that the Issuer will not become insolvent and/or the subject of insolvency proceedings and/or that 
the Covered Bondholders would not be adversely affected by the application of insolvency laws (including 
Greek insolvency laws). 
Final maturity and extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms or previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the 
Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final 
Maturity Date.  If the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full at 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Final Maturity Date or (as described below) where the Covered Bonds are 
subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date, then the Trustee 
shall serve a Notice of Default on the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions. Following the service of a Notice of 
Default: (a) any Covered Bond which has not been redeemed on or prior to its Final Maturity Date or, as 
applicable, Extended Final Maturity Date shall remain outstanding at its Principal Amount Outstanding until 
the date on which such Covered Bond is cancelled or redeemed; and (b) interest shall continue to accrue on 
any Covered Bond which has not been redeemed on its Final Maturity Date or, as applicable, Extended Final 
Maturity Date and any payments of interest or principal in respect of such Covered Bond shall be made in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments until the date on which such Covered Bond is cancelled or 
redeemed. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer’s obligations under any relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds to pay the Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date may, subject to certain 
conditions set out in Condition 7.1 (Final redemption), be deferred past the Final Maturity Date until the 
Extended Final Maturity Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (such date the "Extended Final Maturity 
Date").  If an Extended Final Maturity Date is so specified in the Final Terms of any Series, it must be the date

--- Page 29 ---
29 
UK-#752978185v12 
falling 46 years after the originally scheduled Final Maturity Date of such Series. In such case, such deferral 
will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay any amount representing 100 per cent. of the nominal amount 
of the Covered Bonds due on the Final Maturity Date, subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption thereof, as set out in the Final Terms (the “Final Redemption Amount”). Any Series of Covered 
Bonds (i) that, as provided in Condition 7.1(ii), is subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date and in respect 
of which any amount of principal remains unpaid on its Final Maturity Date or (ii) in respect of which any 
amount of principal remains outstanding following an Issuer Event and upon the occurrence of a breach of the 
Amortisation Test (and irrespective of whether or not the applicable Final Maturity Date of such Series has 
passed at the time of such breach of Amortisation Test), shall become pass-through Covered Bonds ("Pass-
Through Covered Bonds") subject to redemption as provided in Condition 7.1(ii) or, as applicable, Condition 
7.1(v), as described below. 
To the extent that the Issuer has sufficient monies available under the relevant Priority of Payments to repay 
in full or in part any Principal Amount Outstanding on any Pass-Through Covered Bonds, full or partial 
repayment of such Principal Amount Outstanding shall be made as described in Condition 7.1 (Redemption 
and Purchase–- Final redemption).  Repayment of the unpaid portion of any Principal Amount Outstanding 
shall be deferred automatically until the relevant Final Maturity Date or, as applicable, Extended Final Maturity 
Date, provided that if any amount of principal on any such Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds remains 
outstanding then, among other things, the Issuer will be required on each Interest Payment Date until  the 
relevant Final Maturity Date or, as applicable, Extended Final Maturity Date to utilise all amounts available 
for such purpose to redeem all Pass-Through Covered Bonds (together with, as applicable, the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds) on a pro rata basis (to the extent it has Covered Bonds Available Funds available 
and in accordance with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments) and the Servicer will be required on 
each Refinance Date to attempt to sell (subject to compliance with certain conditions) sufficient Loan Assets 
to make the repayment due.  
Except where the Issuer has failed to apply money in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, failure 
by the Issuer to pay the relevant Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Final Maturity Date, or on any 
subsequent Interest Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (or the relevant 
later date in case of an applicable grace period), or failure by the Servicer to sell Loan Assets, shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the relevant Principal Amount 
Outstanding or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date and/or 
pay any other amount then due will (subject to any applicable grace period) constitute an Event of Default. 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amounts on each Interest Payment Date up to 
the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with the Conditions and the Issuer (or the Servicer on its 
behalf) will make payments on each relevant Interest Payment Date and Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The circumstances described below under “Risks relating to the Covered Bonds – Final maturity and 
extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds” may result in Covered Bondholders receiving principal 
repayments sooner, or (as applicable) later, than they might otherwise have expected 
If, as a result of the relevant circumstances described below under “Risks relating to the Covered Bonds – 
Final maturity and extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds” Covered Bonds of any outstanding Series 
become Pass-Through Covered Bonds (and therefore become required to be redeemed (subject to funds being 
available for such purpose) prior to their Final Maturity Date (or, as applicable, Extended Final Maturity Date)) 
this may cause the relevant Covered Bondholders to receive repayment of their Covered Bonds sooner than 
they might otherwise have expected, and this may result in a lower yield on such Covered Bondholders' 
investment (particularly given that no premium or other compensation will be paid in such circumstances).   
Where such circumstances result in all outstanding Series becoming required to be so redeemed, the overall 
speed of repayment is likely to be reduced because the available funds for repayment will be divided pro rata

--- Page 30 ---
30 
UK-#752978185v12 
between all outstanding Covered Bonds and not only those that have become Pass-Through Covered Bonds 
due to the relevant Final Maturity Date having passed without full repayment of the relevant Series having 
occurred. In such case, it is likely that the repayment of the Covered Bonds will take longer than would be the 
case if only one Series were being redeemed in such way. 
Any such circumstances are also likely to result in Covered Bondholders receiving irregular, infrequent and/or 
uncertain amounts as and when funds become available to make the required repayments, and this will create 
a materially different repayment profile for the relevant Covered Bonds than the one anticipated by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Credit ratings assigned to Piraeus Bank or any Covered Bonds may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Covered Bonds  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
“Risk Factors” section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. 
The credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address the probability of default and loss given default. The 
expected credit ratings of the Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of Covered 
Bonds. A Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the Rating 
Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any credit rating assigned to 
the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time. 
In addition, credit rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Covered Bonds. In such circumstances 
there can be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings 
assigned to the Covered Bonds, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Covered 
Bonds. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and 
ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Changes in rating methodologies applied by rating agencies may impact the credit ratings assigned to the 
Issuer or any Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes 
of such methodologies may result in a change in the ratings given to the Issuer or the Covered Bonds which in

--- Page 31 ---
31 
UK-#752978185v12 
turn may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s operations or financial condition and capital market 
standing. 
Rating Agency Confirmation in respect of Covered Bonds 
The terms of certain of the Transaction Documents may provide that, in certain circumstances, the Issuer must, 
and the Trustee may, obtain confirmation from one or more of the Rating Agencies that any particular action 
proposed to be taken by the Issuer, the Servicer or the Trustee will not adversely affect or cause to be withdrawn 
the current ratings of the Covered Bonds (a "Rating Agency Confirmation"). 
By acquiring the Covered Bonds, investors will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a credit rating is an assessment of credit and does not address other matters that 
may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders including, without limitation, in the case of a Rating Agency 
Confirmation, whether any action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, Servicer, the Trustee or any other party 
to a Transaction Document is either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant Transaction Document, or (ii) in 
the best interests of, or not prejudicial to, some or all of the Covered Bondholders. In being entitled to have 
regard to the fact that the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds 
would not be adversely affected or withdrawn, each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the other Secured Creditors 
(including the Covered Bondholders) is deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that the above does not 
impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agency to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Secured 
Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any other person or create any legal relations between the 
Rating Agency and the Issuer, the Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) or any 
other person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
Any such Rating Agency Confirmation may or may not be given at the sole discretion of each Rating Agency. 
It should be noted that, depending on the timing of delivery of the request and any information needed to be 
provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide a Rating Agency 
Confirmation in the time available or at all, and the Rating Agency will not be responsible for the consequences 
thereof. Such confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the 
relevant time, and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of which the securities form part 
since the issuance closing date. A Rating Agency Confirmation represents only a restatement of the opinions 
given, and is given on the basis that it will not be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the 
transaction. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds 
or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves, 
irrespective of their Series, for all purposes, except for the timing of the repayment of principal and the timing 
and amount of interest payable and will share in the security created under and pursuant to the Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation and that granted by the Issuer under the Deed of Charge. 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and service by the Trustee of a Notice of Default, the Covered 
Bonds of all outstanding Series will become immediately due and payable against the Issuer. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds, provided that, inter alia: 
(i) 
the Statutory Tests will be required to be met both before and immediately after any further issue of 
Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 32 ---
32 
UK-#752978185v12 
(ii) 
on or prior to the date of issue of any further Covered Bonds, the Issuer will be obliged to notify the 
relevant Rating Agency of the issue. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Trustee or any other party to the Programme, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders 
or incorporators, other than the Issuer. The Issuer will be liable solely in its corporate capacity for their 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
 
Because the Global Covered Bonds are held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds. Such 
Global Covered Bonds will be deposited with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Covered Bond, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Covered Bonds. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds. While the Covered Bonds are 
represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds, the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their accountholders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Covered 
Bonds. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Covered Bonds. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right under the Global Covered Bonds 
to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Covered Bonds 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Covered Bonds are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with 
the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Covered Bonds at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Covered Bonds be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds at or 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
UK-#752978185v12 
If such Covered Bonds in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Covered Bonds 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid and such liquidity may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Covered Bonds having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In 
addition, existing liquidity arrangements (for example, re-purchase agreements by the Issuer) might not protect 
Covered Bondholders from having to sell their Covered Bonds at substantial discount below their principal 
amount, in case of financial distress of the Issuer. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Covered Bonds. Although application has been made for the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no 
assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development 
or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds 
and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
UK-#752978185v12 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds prior to maturity at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the applicable Final Terms specifies otherwise, 
in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Covered Bonds 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
the Hellenic Republic or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Covered Bonds. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, pursuant to the relevant option (or during any period when it 
is perceived that the Issuer may be able to redeem Covered Bonds pursuant to the relevant option) the market 
value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared with conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of Benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing such Benchmarks  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be"benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) (the "Benchmark") are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked 
to or referencing such a Benchmark. The European Council’s regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as

--- Page 35 ---
35 
UK-#752978185v12 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(the "Benchmark Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has 
applied since 1 January 2018.  The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU. It will, among other 
things, (i) require Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised 
entities (such as the Bank) of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a 
Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain Benchmarks (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
Benchmark or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing 
a Benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such benchmark rate 
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed 
or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  In addition, on January 21, 2021, the working group 
published a paper indicating, among other things that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallbacks) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system and setting out a set of guiding 
principles for fallback provisions in new Eurodenominated cash products (including bonds). On May 11, 2021, 
the working group published recommendations relating to fallback trigger events and fallback rates for 
contracts and financial instruments referring to EURIBOR which follow the guiding principles. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference EURIBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds. Depending on the manner in which the EURIBOR rate 
is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, this may be reliant upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the EURIBOR rate which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing 
could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
which reference EURIBOR.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
UK-#752978185v12 
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the abovementioned changes and/or any further 
changes in the administration or method of determining a benchmark rate could have an effect on the value of 
Covered Bonds which are linked to a benchmark rate, investors should be aware that they face the risk that 
any changes to the relevant benchmark rate may have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount 
payable under the Covered Bonds. 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVER POOL 
The Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will be solely obligations of the Issuer and will not be obligations of, or guaranteed by, 
any of the Trustee, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Hedging Counterparties, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or the Listing Agent. No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to 
pay any amount due under the Covered Bonds shall be accepted by any of the Trustee, the Asset Monitor, the 
Account Bank, the Agents, the Hedging Counterparties, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Listing Agent, any 
company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Loan Assets in the 
Cover Pool because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for 
instance: 
(i) 
the Issuer assigning Additional Cover Pool Assets to the Cover Pool; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer removing Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or substituting existing Cover Pool 
Assets in the Cover Pool with Additional Cover Pool Assets. 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of the Additional Cover Pool Assets assigned to the Cover Pool 
on any date will be the same as those Loan Assets in the Cover Pool as at the date of issue of any Covered 
Bonds. However, each Loan Asset will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria and be subject to the 
applicable representations and warranties set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the scope and 
applicability of the representations and warranties depending on whether it is a Loan originated by the Issuer 
or not (the former having more extensive representations and warranties than the latter). The Issuer will also 
be obliged to provide reports to Covered Bondholders that meet the requirements of Article 16 of the Covered 
Bond Law, which includes requirements to report certain characteristics of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool 
on an aggregated basis. In addition, the Statutory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool adheres to 
certain requirements, including that the nominal value of the Cover Pool exceeds the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds by at least 5 per cent. for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding (although there is no assurance that it will be so). The Asset Monitor will provide quarterly and 
annual agreed upon procedures reports on the Statutory Tests to the Bank of Greece (being the Statutory Tests 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus) where exceptions, if any, will be noted, but there can be no assurance 
that this will be so, nor that the Issuer will provide investor reports that fully comply with the requirements of 
Article 16 of the Covered Bond law. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool is subject to the Statutory Tests set out in the Greek Covered Bond Legislation. Failure of the 
Issuer to take immediate remedial action to cure any one of these tests within five Athens Business Days of such 
breach will result in the Issuer not being able to issue further Covered Bonds and any failure to satisfy the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
UK-#752978185v12 
Statutory Tests may have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect 
of the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, a failure to comply with the Greek Covered Bond Legislation may also 
result in the Bank of Greece subjecting the Issuer to administrative sanctions pursuant to Articles 23 and 24 of 
the Covered Bond Law. In addition, the Issuer has covenanted to comply with the requirements of the Covered 
Bond Law (including, but not limited to Articles 17 and 18 of the Covered Bond Law and Chapter III of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation). Pursuant to the Covered Bond Law, the Issuer must maintain a cover 
pool liquidity buffer to cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow on the Covered Bonds over the 
next 180 days using the extended maturity date for calculation purposes in the case of extendable Covered 
Bonds. Pursuant to the Covered Bond Law, the liquidity buffer can only consist of Liquid Assets, which shall 
include assets purchased from funds standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger. Covered 
Bondholders should note that the Issuer covenants on a contractual basis, pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, to maintain the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger on the basis set out in the section 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing and Cash Management Deed – Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger”. 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event the Cover Pool 
is also subject to the Amortisation Test. The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that the Cover Pool Assets 
are sufficient to meet the obligations under all Covered Bonds outstanding together with senior expenses that 
rank in priority to or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds. Failure to satisfy the Amortisation 
Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer Event results in the Issuer being required immediately to treat 
all Covered Bonds of all Series as Pass-Through Covered Bonds and, accordingly, to redeem them at their 
Principal Amount Outstanding on a pro rata basis (to the extent it has Covered Bonds Available Funds available 
for such purpose and in accordance with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments), as described further 
under “Risks related to the Covered Bonds – Final Maturity and extendable obligations under the Covered 
Bonds”. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
The realisable value of Loans and their Related Security comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced by: 
(a) 
default by borrowers (each borrower being, in respect of a Loan Asset, the individual specified as such 
in the relevant mortgage terms together with each individual (if any) who assumes from time to time 
an obligation to repay such Loan Asset (the "Borrower")) in payment of amounts due on their Loans; 
 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer;  
 
(c) 
deteriorating asset valuations resulting from market conditions as well as specific property related        
deterioration; and  
 
(d) 
possible regulatory changes by the regulatory authorities. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. 
However, it should be noted that the Statutory Tests, the Amortisation Test and the Eligibility Criteria are 
intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Loan Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Issuer 
to repay the Covered Bonds following service of a Notice of Default and accordingly it is expected (but there 
is no assurance) that the Loan Assets could be realised for sufficient value to enable the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Inability of Borrowers to pay, or default by Borrowers in paying, amounts due on their Loans

--- Page 38 ---
38 
UK-#752978185v12 
Borrowers may default on their obligations under the Loans in the Cover Pool. Defaults may occur for a variety 
of reasons. The Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage 
delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, 
such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
political developments and government policies. Other factors in Borrowers’ individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and 
other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by Borrowers, and could ultimately have an 
adverse impact on the ability of Borrowers to repay the Loans. In addition, it should be noted that some of the 
Loans in the Cover Pool may have been delinquent (by virtue of a breach by the Borrower of payment or non-
payment obligations) in the past and are either re-performing by virtue of the Borrower becoming current on 
its payments or curing the non-payment breach or by virtue of a restructuring of a Loan. Such Borrowers may 
be more likely to enter delinquency again as compared to other Borrowers. Finally, the ability of a Borrower 
to sell a property given as security for a Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that 
Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of 
that property and property values in general at the time. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer 
Each of the Loans originated by the Issuer will have been originated in accordance with its lending criteria at 
the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer’s lending criteria will generally consider, inter alia, the 
type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, status of applicant and credit history. 
The Issuer retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time but would do so only to the extent that 
such a change would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent mortgage lender. If the lending criteria change in 
a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by Borrowers and 
may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool, or part thereof, and the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
under the Covered Bonds. 
 
Deteriorating asset valuations resulting from market conditions  
A decline in the value of the real estate securing the Loans under the Cover Pool may result from a further 
deterioration of financial conditions in Greece, regional housing conditions, changes in property tax laws and 
regulation, and government policies. This value may be materially different from the fair value determined at 
the time of loan origination, which could adversely affect the realizable Cover Pool value and the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Additionally, the risks associated with deterioration 
of market values are further mitigated, to an extent, by the method of calculation of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of all Loans in the Cover Pool as provided in the Statutory Tests. 
Certain Loans not originated by Issuer 
It should be noted that a significant proportion of the Loans included by the Issuer into the Cover Pool at any 
time may not have been originated by the Issuer in the case of Loans that have been, or will in the future be, 
acquired by the Issuer pursuant to, or in consequence of, the Acquisitions (as defined and described in more 
detail under “Piraeus Bank and the Piraeus Bank Group”), or otherwise acquired by the Issuer. In respect of 
such acquired Loans, there can be no assurance that the lending criteria of the relevant originating entity were 
comparable with (and not materially inferior to) those of the Issuer, or were not effectively applied by the 
originating entity, and so the asset quality of Loans not originated by the Issuer may be materially worse than 
that of Loans that were originated by the Issuer. This may result in the deterioration in the performance and 
value of the Cover Pool Assets. It may also make it harder for the Statutory Tests to be met.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
UK-#752978185v12 
In addition, under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer has made and will make certain 
representations and warranties regarding itself and the Loan Assets. The representations and warranties that 
the Issuer is required to make about Loans not originated by it are materially less extensive than the 
representations and warranties it is required to make about Loans that it has originated. Accordingly, there is 
potentially less assurance as to the quality, performance, enforceability and value of Loans not originated by 
the Issuer that are included in the Cover Pool, and this may result in the deterioration in the performance and 
value of the Cover Pool Assets. 
Risks relating to Loans denominated in Swiss francs 
Loans denominated in Swiss francs may be included in the Cover Pool, subject to notification to the Rating 
Agencies. Following such inclusion, the Issuer would be exposed to certain currency and other risks and the 
Issuer is required to enter into appropriate Hedging Agreements in connection with these Swiss francs Loans. 
Pursuant to these Hedging Agreements, amounts received by the Issuer in respect of Loans denominated in 
Swiss francs will be paid to the relevant Hedging Counterparty. Amounts received by the Issuer from the 
relevant Hedging Counterparty will form Covered Bonds Available Funds and will be applied by the Issuer in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Borrower inability to repay due to CHF/EUR exchange rate fluctuations 
Borrowers of CHF Loans choosing to pay their Loans in EUR without CHF collar protection may become 
unable to repay the Loans in the event of wide fluctuations in CHF/EUR currency exchange rates and as a 
result may default. As a result of such defaults the Issuer may not receive payments it would otherwise be 
entitled to from such Borrowers. 
If there are insufficient funds available as a result of such defaults, then the Issuer may not be able, after making 
the payments to be made in priority thereto, to pay, in full or at all, amounts of interest and principal due to 
holders of the Covered Bonds. In this situation, there may not be sufficient funds to redeem the Covered Bonds 
on or prior to the Final Maturity Date. 
Realisation of Charged Property following the occurrence of an Event of Default and service of a Notice of 
Default 
If an Event of Default occurs and a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer, then the Trustee will be entitled 
to enforce the security created under and pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation and the Deed of 
Charge, after having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, and the proceeds from the realisation 
of the Charged Property will be applied by the Trustee towards payment of all secured obligations in accordance 
with the Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Charged Property will be in an amount sufficient 
to repay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered 
Bonds and the Transaction Documents. 
If, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, a Notice of Default is served on the Issuer then the Covered 
Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Sale of Loans and their Related Security as provided in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
In certain circumstances as set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer or the Special 
Administrator (if one has been appointed) or any person appointed by the Servicer or the Special Administrator 
(as applicable), may sell the Loan Assets in whole or in part. See further “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – The Servicing and Cash Management Deed”. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited 
to the Transaction Account and applied in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
UK-#752978185v12 
There is no guarantee that the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) will be able to sell in whole 
or in part the Loan Assets as the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) may not be able to find 
a willing buyer at the relevant time and, even if it does, certain conditions must first be satisfied (as provided 
in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed), including that the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as 
applicable) may not at any time sell or offer for sale the Selected Loans for an amount that is less than the 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. See further “Description of the Transaction Documents – The 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed”. 
Further, in respect of any sale of Loan Assets to third parties, there is no assurance that any of the Issuer, the 
Servicer or the Special Administrator will (or will be able to) give representations and warranties or 
indemnities in respect of those Loan Assets. Any representations and warranties previously given by the Issuer 
in respect of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if the Issuer is 
then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Loan Assets could be adversely 
affected by the lack of representations and warranties or indemnities.  
Provided that no Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer will have the right to 
prevent the sale of a Loan Asset to third parties by removing the Loan Asset made subject to sale from the 
Cover Pool and transferring to the Transaction Account an amount equal to the price set forth in the applicable 
offer letter, subject to the provision of a solvency certificate.  
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) will be unable to sell 
in whole or in part the relevant Loan Assets (pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed (if 
applicable)) at a favourable price, or at all, at the relevant time.  
Appointment of a Special Administrator following the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation (in conjunction with Greek 
insolvency law) provides that the Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from the insolvency estate of 
the Issuer until payment of all amounts due to the Covered Bondholders have been made in full. Article 21 of 
the Covered Bond Law provides that the Trustee (in its capacity as bondholder agent) shall be obliged to 
appoint, with the consent of the Bank of Greece, a Special Administrator upon the insolvency or resolution of 
the Issuer pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
If no Special Administrator is appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the event 
of the Issuer's insolvency or resolution, the Bank of Greece may appoint a Special Administrator.  
The Special Administrator (if any) will be obliged to comply with the duties set out in Article 21 of the Covered 
Bond Law and to service (or procure the servicing of) the Loan Assets in accordance with the terms of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The statutory duties of the Special Administrator, as set out in Article 
21(3) of the Covered Bond Law are: 
(a) ensuring that the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds are met;  
(b) managing and liquidating the Cover Pool including, if there is an opportunity to do so, transferring the 
assets comprising the Cover Pool, together with the obligations under the Covered Bonds (and any 
Hedging Agreements and/or other contractual obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the Cover 
Pool) to another credit institution that is a covered bond issuer; 
(c) ensuring that any receipts or recoveries received in respect of the Cover Pool are made available to 
pay the obligations and liabilities arising under the Covered Bonds, the Hedging Agreements and any 
other obligations secured by the Statutory Pledge, in accordance with the terms of the Programme; and

--- Page 41 ---
41 
UK-#752978185v12 
(d) taking all necessary legal steps in order to carry out the proper management of the assets comprising 
the Cover Pool, monitoring the Cover Pool to ensure that it continues to be sufficient to meet the 
liabilities and obligations arising under and in respect of the Covered Bonds and  the other Transaction 
Documents (including for these purposes monitoring the ongoing compliance of the Cover Pool with 
the Statutory Tests), initiation of proceedings in order to return to the Cover Pool from the insolvency 
estate of the Issuer any Cover Pool Assets that have been removed from the Cover Pool to the 
insolvency estate of the Issuer, and following the redemption in full of all Covered Bonds and the 
satisfaction of all liabilities arising under or in respect of the Transaction Documents, to transfer to the 
Issuer (or its insolvency estate or as directed by any relevant resolution authority) all remaining assets 
in or representing the Cover Pool. 
Subject to certain conditions, the Special Administrator may also sell all or any part of the Cover Pool to raise 
proceeds for the purposes of meeting obligations due to Covered Bondholders and/other counterparties under 
the Transaction Documents in accordance with the conditions of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the 
Transaction Documents.  The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the Transaction Account and 
applied in accordance with the Priority of Payments. There is no guarantee that the Special Administrator will 
be able to generate sufficient funds from the Loan Assets that would enable all amounts to be paid in full under 
the Covered Bonds. There can also be no assurance that an appointment of a Special Administrator (or any 
delay in making such appointment) would not cause delays in payment on the Covered Bonds and Covered 
Bondholders might suffer loss as a result. See also “Insolvency of the Issuer” below. 
Risks relating to Subsidised Loans 
In the Hellenic Republic, subsidies are available to borrowers in respect of interest payments made under 
residential mortgage loans. The availability and amount of subsidy is determined by reference to the financial 
and social circumstances of a borrower and is made available from the Greek State and/or the Greek Manpower 
Employment Organisation “"OAED") as a universal successor, as of February 2012, of the Greek Workers 
Housing Association (the“"OEK") and/or certain other Greek State-owned entities. The OAED was renamed 
the Public Employment Service (“DYPA”) pursuant to Greek Law 4921/2022. The Greek State, the DYPA 
and any other applicable Greek State-owned entity's subsidy payments will form part of the Cover Pool along 
with the other receivables under the loan agreements. 
The Issuer receives the subsidised component of interest due under the Subsidised Loans from the DYPA, the 
Greek State or any other applicable Greek State-owned entity. The DYPA will maintain a savings bank account 
at Piraeus Bank (the“"DYPA Savings Account") and the Servicer will be authorised to deduct the amount of 
the subsidy related to the relevant Subsidised Loan from this account and then transfer such amounts to the 
EUR Collection Account or, following an Issuer Event, to the Transaction Account according to the terms of 
the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
Historically, subsidised loans perform better than non-subsidised loans, as the Greek State or the DYPA (as 
appropriate) is required to make payments of the Subsidised Interest Amounts. However, Borrowers also 
remain liable to repay the full amount of interest due under the relevant Loan. If the Greek State and/or the 
DYPA fail/fails to pay any Subsidised Interest Amounts then the Borrower may be unable to meet payments 
due under the Subsidised Loan. If the Borrower fails to pay the full amount under his/her Subsidised Loan, the 
Issuer may be unable to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The DYPA pays Subsidised Interest Amounts under the relevant Subsidised Loans on a monthly basis and up 
to two months in arrears and the Greek State pays Subsidised Interest Amounts under the relevant Subsidised 
Loans every six months in arrears. Accordingly, the Issuer will not receive the portion of the interest that is 
subsidised by the DYPA and the Greek State in respect of such Subsidised Loan at the same time as the 
unsubsidised portion of interest paid by the Borrower. In addition, a Greek State-owned entity may not pay the 
subsidy at the same time as unsubsidised amounts are paid by the Borrower.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
UK-#752978185v12 
Under Greek Law, the Greek State, the DYPA or any Greek State-owned entity will not benefit from sovereign 
immunity in respect of their obligations. Investors should also note that enforcement of judgments against the 
Greek State or the DYPA or any Greek State-owned entity may be subject to limitations. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions stated in Article 55 of Greek Law 4305/2014, it has been allowed for 
Borrowers to file a petition for the extension of the term of their DYPA Subsidised Loans, provided that at the 
date of such petition the amount of any due payments that remain unpaid does not exceed the aggregate of six 
monthly instalments. Such petition should also have been filed within six months from the aforementioned 
Greek Law’s publication (the Greek Law was published in the Government Gazette 237/A/31.10.2014) (such 
deadline was extended initially until 31 December 2015 by virtue of Decision no. 19068/819/4.5.2015 of the 
Minister of Finance (Government Gazette 878/B/19.5.2015), and subsequently until 31 December 2016 by 
virtue of Decision no. 21559/732/25.5.2016 of the Minister of Finance (Government Gazette 
1478/B/25.5.2016)). Therefore, this law may have an adverse effect on the timing or the amount of collections 
under those Loans concluded with Borrowers that fall under its scope and make use of its provisions. 
Any changes in Greek Law or the administrative practice of the Greek State, the DYPA or any Greek State-
owned entity, which affect the timing and amount of subsidised interest payable, could result in an adverse 
effect of the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Insurance 
Under the terms and conditions of the documentation relating to each Loan, each Borrower is required to obtain 
and maintain fire and earthquake insurance only, unless the property was built before 1 January 1960, in which 
case only fire insurance is available in the market. Accordingly, a claim under such policy for damage to the 
relevant property can be made only if the damage results from the occurrence of a fire or, in the case of 
properties built on or after 1 January 1960 only, earthquake (if applicable). However, this is not inconsistent 
with the terms and conditions of loans similar to the Loans made by other mortgage lenders in Greece who 
also only require borrowers to obtain and maintain fire and earthquake (if applicable) insurance. In addition, 
certain Borrowers, at their option, take out life and permanent disability insurance policies, with the Issuer as 
the primary loss payee, to secure their obligations under the relevant Loans. 
RISKS RELATED TO STRUCTURAL AND DOCUMENTATION CHANGES 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds also provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of Covered 
Bondholders, substitute another company as principal debtor under any Covered Bonds in place of the Issuer, 
in the circumstances described in Condition 18 (Substitution of the Issuer). 
The Trustee may agree to modifications to the Transaction Documents without the Covered Bondholders’ or 
Secured Creditors’ prior consent 
(i) Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee may, without the consent 
or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders or any of the other Secured Creditors (other than the 
Hedging Counterparties in respect of modification to the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments 
or the Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments), concur with the Issuer or any person in making 
or sanctioning any modification to the Transaction Documents and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds: (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter) provided that the Trustee is of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
UK-#752978185v12 
the opinion that such modification, waiver or authorisation will not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any of the Covered Bondholders; or 
(ii) 
which in the sole opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a 
manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven. 
Certain decisions of Covered Bondholders taken at Programme level 
Any Extraordinary Resolution to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action must be passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
RISKS RELATING TO COUNTERPARTIES 
Exposure to interest rate, currency and other risks and reliance on Hedging Counterparties 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds, provided that, inter alia: it may, from time to time, be exposed to risks (including, but not 
limited to, interest rate, liquidity, currency and credit risks) relating to the Loan Assets and/or the Covered 
Bonds. The Issuer may (but has no obligation to do so other than (i) when Swiss franc Loan Assets are included 
in the Cover Pool or (ii) when specified in the Final Terms of a Series) enter, from time to time, into Interest 
Rate Swap Agreements, FX Rate Swap Agreements, Covered Bond Swap Agreements and other hedging 
agreements in order to protect itself against these risks.  
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest payable on the Loans in the Cover Pool 
(which may, for instance, include discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which 
track a base rate and other variable rates of interest, including rates of interest linked to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate "EURIBOR") for one, three or six month Eurodeposits), the Issuer may enter into an Interest 
Rate Swap with an Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds under an Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement. Where the Cover Pool contains Loans denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
Issuer may enter into one or more FX Rate Swaps or other currency swaps in respect of such loans to provide 
a currency hedge against the amounts received on such Loans and the Euro payments to be made by the Issuer 
under any Covered Bond Swaps entered into or the Covered Bonds (as applicable) under an FX Rate Swap 
Agreement or other Hedging Agreement. 
In addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received 
by the Issuer under the Loans in the Cover Pool and the Interest Rate Swaps and amounts payable by the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds and, if applicable, any FX Rate Swap, the Issuer may enter into a Covered Bond 
Swap with a Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds under a Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Hedging Agreement, then it will have 
defaulted under that Hedging Agreement. A Hedging Counterparty is only obliged to make payments to the 
Issuer as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement. If 
the Hedging Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults on its obligations to make payments 
of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Issuer on the due date for payment 
under the relevant Hedging Agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to any changes in the relevant currency 
exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless a replacement swap is entered 
into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
If a Hedging Agreement terminates, or there is a partial termination following the sale of any Loans, then the 
Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) may be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Hedging Agreement, nor can there be any

--- Page 44 ---
44 
UK-#752978185v12 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that 
the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the 
then current credit ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Hedging Agreement, such termination payment 
will rank pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the Covered Bond Swaps, Interest 
Rate Swaps and FX Rate Swaps), except where default by, or downgrade of, the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty has caused the relevant Swap Agreement to terminate. 
Differences in timings of obligations of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the Covered 
Bond Swaps 
It is expected that in relation to each Covered Bond Swap entered into, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) 
will, periodically, pay or provide for payment of an amount to each corresponding Covered Bond Swap 
Provider based on EURIBOR for Eurodeposits for the agreed period. The Covered Bond Swap Provider may 
not be obliged to make corresponding swap payments to the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap until amounts 
are due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. If a Covered Bond Swap Provider does not meet 
its payment obligations to the Issuer under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement or such Covered Bond 
Swap Provider does not make a termination payment that has become due from it to the Issuer under the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement, the Issuer may have a larger shortfall in funds with which to make payments 
under the Covered Bonds than if the Covered Bond Swap Provider’s payment obligations coincided with the 
Issuer’s payment obligations under the Covered Bond Swap. Hence, the difference in timing between the 
obligations of the Issuer and the obligations of the Covered Bond Swap Providers under the Covered Bond 
Swaps may affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments with respect to the Covered Bonds. A Covered Bond 
Swap Provider may be required, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, to post 
collateral with the Issuer if the relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider is downgraded by a Rating 
Agency below the rating specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
Appointment of a replacement Servicer 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation (in conjunction with certain 
Greek insolvency law provisions) provides that the Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from the 
insolvency estate of the Issuer until payment of all amounts due to the Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors has been made in full. To ensure continuation of the servicing of the Cover Pool in the event 
of insolvency of the Issuer (acting as the Servicer) the Transaction Documents provide for the appointment by 
the Trustee of a Replacement Servicer in substitution of the Servicer upon the insolvency of the Issuer. 
There can be no assurance that replacement of the Issuer as Servicer (or any delay in making such replacement) 
would not cause delays in payment on the Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders might suffer loss as a 
result. See also “Insolvency of the Issuer” below. 
Change of counterparties 
The parties to the Transaction Documents who receive and hold moneys pursuant to the terms of such 
documents (such as the Account Bank) are required to satisfy certain criteria in order that they can continue to 
receive and hold moneys. 
These criteria include requirements in relation to the short-term and long-term, unguaranteed and unsecured 
credit ratings ascribed to such party by one or more of the Rating Agencies. If the party concerned ceases to 
satisfy the applicable criteria, including the ratings criteria detailed above, then the rights and obligations of 
that party (including the right or obligation to receive moneys on behalf of the Issuer) may be required to be 
transferred to another entity which does satisfy the applicable criteria. In these circumstances, the terms agreed

--- Page 45 ---
45 
UK-#752978185v12 
with the replacement entity may not be as favourable as those agreed with the original party pursuant to the 
relevant Transaction Document. 
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied, then the parties to the relevant Transaction 
Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, including the applicable 
criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed. The consent of Covered 
Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments and/or waivers. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain parties to the Programme act in more than one capacity. The fact that these entities fulfil more than 
one role could lead to a conflict between the rights and obligations of these entities in one capacity and the 
rights and obligations of these entities in another capacity. In addition, this could also lead to a conflict between 
the interests of these entities and the interests of the Covered Bondholders. Any such conflict may adversely 
affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
The Group is subject to extensive and complex regulation, which is the subject of ongoing change and reform, 
imposing a significant compliance burden on the Group and increasing the risk of non-compliance that may 
result in uncertainty about the Group’s ability to achieve and maintain the required capital levels and liquidity 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each location 
in which it operates. All of these are subject to change, particularly in the current market environment, 
especially following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, where there have been unprecedented levels of 
government intervention and changes to the regulations governing financial institutions. In response to the 
global financial crisis, national governments, as well as supranational groups, such as the EU, have been 
considering and continuously implementing significant changes to the regulatory framework, including those 
pertaining to capital adequacy, liquidity and the scope of banks’ operations. For example, significant 
amendments to the CRR and CRD IV, the BRRD and the SRM (as described further and defined herein) were 
adopted in 2019, while measures taken at both state and EU level in the first three-quarters of 2020 in response 
to the pandemic crisis prompted temporary change to the regulatory framework applicable to the Group. As a 
result of these and other ongoing and possible future changes in the financial services regulatory landscape 
(including requirements imposed by virtue of Piraeus Bank’s status as part of a significant supervised group 
or the Group’s participation in any government or regulator-led initiatives), the Group may face greater 
regulation in Greece. 
The Group’s compliance with new regulatory frameworks may increase its regulatory capital requirements, 
liquidity needs and costs, heighten its disclosure requirements, restrict certain types of transactions, affect its 
strategy and restrict or require the modification of rates or fees that the Group charges on certain loans and 
other products, and consequently reduce the return on its investments, assets and equity. The Group may also 
face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain business opportunities. Any 
such new regulatory framework may have a broader scope and entail significant changes and unforeseen 
consequences in the global financial system, the Greek financial system or the Group’s business, including 
increasing general uncertainty in the markets, increasing competition or favouring/disfavouring certain lines 
of business. New regulatory frameworks also increase the risk of non-compliance, and consequently litigation 
risk and regulatory investigations, the results of which are hardly predictable and, if adverse, could result in 
payments of compensation, fines or other regulatory sanctions which, in turn, could adversely affect the 
Group’s businesses, financial results and reputation. 
Changes in regulation may result in uncertainty about the Group’s ability to achieve and maintain required 
capital levels and liquidity. The Group is required by the regulators to maintain minimum capital ratios. These

--- Page 46 ---
46 
UK-#752978185v12 
required levels may increase in the future, for example pursuant to the SREP as applied to the Group. In 
addition, the manner in which the requirements are applied may adversely affect the Group and its capital 
ratios.  
Piraeus Bank is directly supervised by the ECB through the SSM, which has created a system of prudential 
regulation comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating Eurozone countries, and 
has set minimum capital requirements. The Group, and its regulated subsidiaries are subject to the risk of 
having insufficient capital resources or a lack of liquidity to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or 
liquidity requirements. In addition, those minimum regulatory capital requirements are likely to increase in the 
future, or the methods of calculating capital resources may change, especially in light of the implementation 
of Basel III. The SSM could introduce risk-weighted assets floors (as it has done in other jurisdictions), and 
further harmonisation of risk-weighted assets could increase risk weighting of exposures. In addition, 
proposals have been discussed which would cap the amount of sovereign bonds that banks could hold, or 
assign risk weights to sovereign bond holdings, which could require banks to raise additional capital. Likewise, 
the Group is obliged under applicable regulations to retain a certain liquidity coverage ratio. Liquidity 
requirements may come under heightened scrutiny and may place additional stress on the Group’s liquidity 
demands in the jurisdictions in which it operates. In light of this and pursuant to the 2022 SREP Decision, 
Piraeus Bank was imposed with prudential and qualitative requirements pursuant to which Piraeus Bank is 
required to: (i) fulfil a 14.53 per cent. OCR; (ii) submit to the ECB on a bi-annual basis a liquidity coverage 
ratio forecast report outlining measures taken to ensure long-term compliance with liquidity requirements; and 
(iii) obtain ECB’s approval prior to making any distribution to its shareholders and holders of capital 
instruments, other than shares, insofar as these qualify as CET 1 or Additional Tier 1 Instruments, where non-
payment does not constitute an event of default. 
Although it is difficult to predict with certainty the impact of regulatory developments on the capital ratios of 
the Group, the legislation and regulations, especially in the EU and Greece, may lead to an increase of capital 
and liquidity requirements (and, hence, a need for additional capital and capital increases), capital costs and 
reporting requirements, and have negative implications on activities, products and services offered, as well as 
to the value of the Group’s assets, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, if the Group is not 
able to raise such capital from capital markets or other private means, it may request such additional funding 
by means of extraordinary public financial support, which would also include the implementation of the 
burden-sharing measures provided for by the Greek BRRD Law or the HFSF Law (in case of a precautionary 
recapitalisation pursuant to Article 32, paragraph 3(d)(cc) of the Greek BRRD Law), as the case may be. In 
both cases, the Covered Bondholders may be subject to limitations on their rights, in case such measures are 
implemented at the level of the Issuer, and/or incur significant losses in their investments and the Covered 
Bondholders could lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, the exercise of any such powers by the 
competent authority may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, reputation and prospects. 
Any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be subjected in the future to the bail-in resolution tool 
by the competent resolution authority and to the mandatory burden sharing measures for the provision of 
precautionary capital support which may result into their write-down to the extent relevant liabilities exceed 
the value of the Cover Pool 
Following the transposition of the BRRD in Greek Law by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 and 4799/2021 
increased powers were granted to the competent resolution authority, which for the Greek systemic banks is 
the Board of the SRM as of 1 January 2016, for the imposition of resolution measures to failing credit 
institutions. These measures include the bail-in tool through which a credit institution subjected to resolution 
may be recapitalised either by way of write-down or conversion of liabilities into ordinary shares. The bail-in 
tool may be imposed either as a sole resolution measure or in combination with the rest of the resolution tools 
that may be imposed by the resolution authority in case of the resolution of a failing Greek credit institution

--- Page 47 ---
47 
UK-#752978185v12 
and/or if the credit institution receives state-aid in the form of Government Financial Stabilisation Tool 
pursuant to Articles 56-58 of the BRRD and Article 6b of Greek Law 3864/2010 on the operation of the HFSF.  
Pursuant to Article 44 of Greek Law 4335/2015, as amended by Law 4340/2015 (which transposed into Greek 
Law Article 44 of the BRRD), covered bonds issued by a failing Greek credit institution are excluded from the 
liabilities which are subject to the bail-in tool and all secured assets relating to the relevant cover pool should 
remain unaffected, segregated and with sufficient funding. However, the resolution authority may exercise its 
power of conversion or write down, where appropriate, in relation to any part of such secured liability to the 
extent that exceeds the value of the security. Therefore, to the extent secured, any Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme are not subject to the bail-in tool. So, if the Bank is subjected to resolution measures in the 
future or receives state-aid in the form of Government Financial Stabilisation Tool pursuant to Articles 56-58 
of the BRRD and Article 6b of Greek Law 3864/2010, as in force, then as a result of the imposition of the bail-
in tool by the competent resolution authority the value of such Covered Bonds may be written down only with 
respect to any amount exceeding the value of the Cover Pool.  
Changes in regulation may result in uncertainty about the Group’s ability to achieve and maintain required 
capital levels and liquidity 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates. All of these regulatory requirements are subject to change, particularly in the 
current market environment, where there have been unprecedented levels of government intervention and 
changes to the regulations governing financial institutions. In response to the global financial crisis, national 
governments as well as supranational groups, such as the EU, have been considering and implementing 
significant changes to current bank regulatory frameworks, including those pertaining to capital adequacy, 
liquidity and the scope of banks’ operations. 
For example, the regulatory environment in the Eurozone has been materially amended by the entry into force 
of the Capital Requirements Regulation (the “CRR", Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms), the Directive on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV", Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC which was transposed in Greek by Greek Law 4261/2014), the recently completed stress testing 
by the SSM, the launch of the SSM under Regulation 1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions), the launch of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism "SRM") (under Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010) and the BRRD. The CRD IV capital adequacy framework that 
has been in force since 1 January 2014 sets forth a progressive quantitative and qualitative enhancement of the 
capital standards. The SRM coupled with the BRRD aims at establishing uniform rules and procedures in the 
resolution and recovery of banks in the EU whilst it introduces the bail-in tool of uninsured depositors, in line 
with the burden sharing principle.  The SRM Board is the competent resolution authority for Greek systemic 
banks. 
In addition, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments 
to the CRR, CRD IV, the BRRD and the SRM (collectively, the “Proposals”). Amendments to the BRRD to 
introduce a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt entered into force on 28 December 2017 and must 
be transposed into national law by 29 December 2018. The Proposals are to be considered by the European 
Parliament and the Council of the EU (with the Council of the EU and European Parliament each having 
published its general approach to the Proposals in May 2018) and therefore remain subject to change. The

--- Page 48 ---
48 
UK-#752978185v12 
views of the European Commission, the Council of the EU and European Parliament will each be considered 
when determining the content of the final package of new legislation. However, the final package of new 
legislation may not include all elements of the Proposals and new or amended elements may be introduced 
through the course of the legislative process. Implementing domestic legislation has not yet been enacted in 
Greece and no legislative proposals have been published or submitted for public discussion.  
The Group is supervised by the SSM, which has created a new system of prudential regulation comprising the 
ECB and the national competent authorities of participating Eurozone countries, and has set minimum capital 
requirements. The Bank, its regulated subsidiaries and its branches are subject to the risk of having insufficient 
capital resources or a lack of liquidity to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity requirements. 
In addition, those minimum regulatory capital requirements are likely to increase in the future, or the methods 
of calculating capital resources may change. The SSM could introduce risk-weighted assets “RWA”) floors 
(as it has done in other jurisdictions), and further harmonisation of RWA could increase risk weighting of 
exposures. In addition, proposals have been discussed which would cap the amount of sovereign bonds banks 
could hold, or assign risk weights to sovereign bond holdings, which could require banks to raise additional 
capital. Likewise, liquidity requirements may come under heightened scrutiny and may place additional stress 
on the Group’s liquidity demands in the jurisdictions in which it operates. For a discussion of recent stress 
tests performed on the Bank, see “The Group is subject to stress testing, which may result in a requirement to 
raise additional capital or more stringent capital requirements in the future or have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects” below. 
Although it is difficult to predict with certainty the impact of recent regulatory developments on the solvency 
ratios of the Group, the legislation and regulations in the EU, Greece and other parts of Europe in which the 
Group operates may lead to an increase of capital requirements and capital costs and have negative implications 
on activities, products and services offered, as well as to the value of the Group’s assets, operating results and 
financial condition or loss of value for ordinary shares. 
These and other future changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in Greece and the other countries 
in which the Group operates may require an increase of Common Equity Tier I, Tier I and Tier II capital by 
way of further issues of securities, and could result in existing Tier I and Tier II securities issued by the Group 
ceasing to count as regulatory capital, either at the same level as at present or at all. The requirement to raise 
Common Equity Tier I capital could have a number of negative consequences for the Group and its 
shareholders, including impairing the ability to pay dividends or to make other distributions in respect of 
ordinary shares and diluting the ownership of the existing shareholders. If the Group is unable to raise the 
requisite Tier I and Tier II capital, it may be required to further reduce the amount of its risk-weighted assets 
and engage in the disposal of core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a timely manner or 
achieve prices which would otherwise be attractive to it. 
It is noted that on 31 December 2022 the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio under the CRD IV regulatory 
framework stood at 17.82 per cent. and the common equity tier 1 ratio ("CET-1 Capital Adequacy Ratio") 
at 13.04 per cent. At 30 June 2023, the Group’s total capital adequacy ratio was 16.95 per cent. and its CET-1 
capital adequacy ratio was 12.23 per cent., a level that constitutes a marginal breach of the Overall Capital 
Requirement ("OCR") ratio of 14.53 per cent. set by the SSM through the supervisory review and evaluation 
process ("SREP"). 
In addition, minimum regulatory requirements may increase in the future, such as pursuant to SREP of the 
SSM, and/or the manner in which existing regulatory requirements are applied may change. 
Suspension of Enforcement Proceedings

--- Page 49 ---
49 
UK-#752978185v12 
There are various provisions of Greek Law which could result in enforcement proceedings against a Borrower 
being delayed or suspended. Without prejudice to the procedures required under the Bank’s Code of Conduct 
introduced, initially by virtue of decision number 116/25.8.2014 of the Credit and Insurance Committee of the 
Bank of Greece, as replaced by decision number 195/29.7.2016 (published in Government Gazette 
2376/B/2.8.2016) and thereafter replaced by decision no. 392/1/31.5.2021 (published in Government Gazette 
2411/B/7.6.2021) (the "Code of Conduct"), enforcement proceedings are usually commenced against a 
Borrower in respect of a Loan once it becomes 180 days in arrears, at which point the Loan is terminated. An 
order of payment is obtained from the judge of the competent Court of First Instance (i.e. the Single-Member 
Court of First Instance or the Magistrate’s Court, as the case may be) following service of the notice of 
termination of the Loan on the Borrower and non-payment by the Borrower. Enforcement is commenced by 
service of the order for payment and a demand to pay on the Borrower, with the ultimate target being the 
collection of the proceeds of the auction of the relevant property securing the Loan. For further details, see 
“The Mortgage and Housing Market in Greece–- Enforcing Security” below. 
However, a Borrower may delay enforcement against the relevant property by contesting the order for payment 
and/or the procedure for enforcement which in turn will delay the receipt of proceeds from an enforcement 
against the property by the Issuer after the relevant Loan has been terminated. In particular, following 
amendment to the GCCP by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 (published in Government Gazette 
87/A/23.7.2015) and further by Greek Law 4842/2021 (published in Government Gazette A/190/13.10.2021), 
the following apply in relation to enforcement proceedings commencing from 1 January 2016 onwards and in 
respect of demands for immediate payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016.   
After being served an order for payment, a Borrower can file a petition of annulment against the order for 
payment pursuant to Article 632 of the GCCP (an "Article 632 Annulment Petition") with the competent 
Court of First Instance (i.e. the Magistrate’s Court or the Single-Member Court of First Instance or the Multi-
Member Court of First Instance, as the case may be) within 15 business days (or 30 business days if the 
Borrower resides abroad, or if the Borrower is of unknown residence and has appointed a process agent in 
Greece) after service of the order for payment, contesting the substantive or procedural validity of the order of 
payment.  
The filing of an Article 632 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a petition for suspension of the 
enforcement against the relevant property pursuant to Article 632 of the GCCP (an "Article 632 Suspension 
Petition"). Upon filing an Article 632 Suspension Petition, enforcement procedures may be suspended until 
the hearing of the Article 632 Suspension Petition. Following the issue of a decision in relation to the hearing 
of the Article 632 Suspension Petition (which itself can take up to approximately two to five months to be 
issued), enforcement may be suspended until the competent Court of First Instance has issued an official 
decision in respect of the Article 632 Annulment Petition. The Court has the right to request a guarantee from 
the Borrower in order to grant suspension. 
If the Borrower fails to contest the order for payment, the order may be served again on the Borrower and a 
further 15 business days are available to the Borrower to file a petition of annulment against the order for 
payment pursuant to Article 633 of the GCCP (an "Article 633 Annulment Petition") with the competent Court 
of First Instance. The order for payment will be final either if the term of 15 business days mentioned above 
elapses, or if the Court of Appeal rejects the Article 632 Annulment Petition or the Article 633 Annulment 
Petition. 
If the competent Court of First Instance decides that the 632 Annulment Petition has no grounds and rejects 
this, the suspended enforcement procedures can continue. In case an appeal is filed against the decision of the 
competent Court of First Instance in respect of the Article 632 Annulment Petition, upon filing of a new Article 
632 Suspension Petition suspension of enforcement may be granted until the Court of Appeal (or the Single 
Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may be) reaches a final decision (if 
the court considers that the appeal is likely to succeed), which means an additional delay in enforcement of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
UK-#752978185v12 
approximately two years. The procedure can take up to approximately five to six years from the filing of the 
Article 632 Annulment Petition if the Borrower requests adjournments of the hearings for the Article 632 
Annulment Petition before the competent Court of First Instance and Court of Appeal (or the Single Member 
Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal), up until the decision of the latter. 
The Borrower may also file with the relevant competent Court of First Instance (i.e. the Magistrate’s Court or 
the Single Member Court of First Instance, as the case may be) a petition for the annulment of certain actions 
of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order of payment, the claim to 
the satisfaction of which the enforcement proceedings have been initiated and/or procedural irregularities 
pursuant to Article 933 of the GCCP (an "Article 933 Annulment Petition"). An Article 632 Annulment 
Petition or Article 633 Annulment Petition and an Article 933 Annulment Petition may be filed either 
concurrently or consecutively, but it should be noted that the Article 933 Annulment Petition may not be based 
on reasons pertaining to the validity of the order for payment or the claim for which this has been issued, once 
the order for payment has become final as mentioned above. The time for the filing of an Article 933 
Annulment Petition varies, according to Article 934 of the GCCP, depending on the foreclosure action that is 
so contested; in particular, the Borrower is entitled to oppose to defects of the enforcement procedure in two 
stages: the first one is set before the auction (within forty-five (45) calendar days as from the date of attachment 
of the debtor’s property) and is related to any reason of invalidity of the claim and the enforcement actions 
carried out before the auction until the publication of the seizure report, whereas the second one (within thirty 
(30) days from the notary's auction report in case of auctioned movables and within sixty (60) days from the 
registration with the land registry or cadastre of the notary's auction report in case of auctioned real estate) is 
set after the auction and is related to any defects, which arose from the auction until the registration of the 
notary's relevant auction deed with the competent land registry or cadastre. The 933 Annulment Petition must 
be heard within sixty (60) days from its filing and the decision by the competent Court of First Instance must 
be issued within sixty (60) days from the hearing date.   
The filing of an Article 933 Annulment Petition entitles the Borrower to file a petition for the suspension of 
the enforcement until the decision of the Court of First Instance on the Article 933 Annulment Petition is issued 
pursuant to Article 938 of the GCCP (an “Article 938 Suspension Petition”); such suspension may be granted 
if the Court considers that the petition or appeal (as applicable) is likely to succeed and the debtor would suffer 
irreparable damages. Further, enforcement proceedings may be suspended until the hearing of the Article 938 
Suspension Petition, which, in a normal case where the Borrower seeks the suspension of the auction should 
be filed at the latest five (5) business days prior to the auction and the relevant decision is issued by 12.00 pm 
on the Monday prior to the auction. It should nevertheless be noted that such suspension is more difficult to 
obtain if the Court of First Instance has already rejected an Article 632 Suspension Petition based on similar 
reasons. 
The Borrower may seek the postponement of the auction by alleging that the value of the property has been 
underestimated by the relevant bailiff or that the fixed first offer is too low. The relevant petition should be 
filed, at the latest, fifteen business days prior to the auction and the relevant decision is then issued by 12.00 
pm on the date which falls eight days prior to the auction. However, it is to be noted that the initial auction 
price cannot be less than two thirds of the estimated value of the property (in accordance with para. 2 of Article 
993, in conjunction with para. 2 of Article 954 of the GCCP). The evaluation of the property cannot be less 
than the property’s “commercial value”, as calculated in accordance with presidential decree 59/2016 
(published in Government Gazette 95/A/27.5.2016), as amended by virtue of Art. 30 of Greek Law 4745/2020 
(published in Government Gazette Issue n. Α 214/6.11.2020). In particular, pursuant to such presidential 
decree, the property’s “commercial value” is determined by the relevant bailiff who is obliged to appoint a 
certified appraiser for this purpose. The latter submits to the bailiff in printed and digital form an appraisal 
report in accordance with European or international recognised appraising standards and subject to the 
provisions of relevant code of conduct. Appraisal fees are borne by the creditor who ordered the enforcement 
against the relevant property, but ultimately burden the Borrower.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
UK-#752978185v12 
Furthermore, suspension of the auction for up to six months may be sought by the Borrower pursuant to Article 
1000 of the GCCP, on the grounds that there is a good chance of the Borrower being able to satisfy the enforcing 
party or that, following the suspension period, a better offer would be received at auction. The relevant petition 
should be filed at least fifteen (15) working days prior to the auction and it may be upheld through a judgment 
to be filed until 12:00 p.m. of the Monday preceding the auctioning day, provided that the Borrower pays at 
least one quarter of the claimed capital and the enforcement expenses set out approximately in the judgment 
and also that there is no risk for the creditor’s interests. 
If the auction is unsuccessful, then a new auction is scheduled within forty (40) days. Following two 
unsuccessful auctions, a new auction is scheduled within thirty (30) days, with a fixed first offer equal to 80% 
of the initial fixed first offer. Following three (3) unsuccessful auctions, a new auction is scheduled within 
thirty (30) days, with a fixed first offer equal to 65% of the initial fixed first offer. Following four (4) 
unsuccessful auctions, a petition may be filed by any interested party for a new auction date to be set, with a 
fixed first offer equal to 65% of the initial fixed first offer or a lower fixed first price.   
There is a period of mandatory suspension for all enforcement procedures (including auctions) between 1 and 
31 August of each year. In addition, auctions cannot be conducted during the week prior to and the week 
following the date of national, European Community and Municipality elections (pursuant to Article 998 para. 
2 of the GCCP).  
The reforms of the GCCP during the last years (by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 (published in Government 
Gazette 87/A/23.7.2015), subsequently by Greek Law 4512/2018 (published in Government Gazette 
5/A/17.1.2018) providing for the conduct of auction exclusively through electronic means, further by Greek 
Law 4549/2018, and most recently by Greek Law 4842/2021 (published in Government Gazette 
A/190/13.10.2021)) aim to speed up the pace of enforcement proceedings. It should be noted however that in 
practice the Courts of First Instance are usually not in a position to observe the strict deadlines for the hearing 
of the relevant annulment petitions and the issuance of decisions thereon as provided for in the GCCP. 
Greek legislation and regulation pertaining to bankruptcy 
The former Greek bankruptcy code enacted by Greek Law 3588/2007, had been amended several times, 
including by Greek Laws 4446/2016, 4472/2017, 4491/2017 and 4512/2018 and, as of 1 March 2021, was 
replaced by Greek Law 4738/2020 (the “New Bankruptcy Code”). 
The New Bankruptcy Code on “Debt settlement and second chance providence” was introduced by the Greek 
Parliament transposing into Greek Law EU Directive 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks and 
second chance, abolishing the former bankruptcy code and codifying all debt settlement legislative tools. More 
specifically, the New Bankruptcy Code includes, inter alia, provisions regarding (a) out-of-court Settlement of 
Debts, which was first introduced via Greek Law 4469/2017, (b) the rehabilitation proceeding, (c) bankruptcy, 
whereas certain provisions are introduced regarding vulnerable debtors who have been declared bankrupt or 
whose primary residence runs the risk to be seized.  
The provisions regarding bankruptcy under the New Bankruptcy Code apply to any natural and legal persons 
having bankruptcy capacity (regardless of whether they qualify as merchants or not).  
In particular, under the New Bankruptcy Code, the following debt settlement legislative tools are 
available: 
(a)  
The Out-of-Court Debt Settlement Process 
The out-of-court Settlement of Debt provisions (articles 5-30 of the New Bankruptcy Code) apply to 
individuals who may be declared bankrupt according to the New Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, any individuals

--- Page 52 ---
52 
UK-#752978185v12 
as well as any legal entities having an economic object or exercising economic activities may apply for 
extrajudicial settlement of their debts against financing institutions (i.e. credit or financial institutions, credit 
servicing companies etc.), the Greek State and Social Security Funds exceeding €10,000.00, provided they do 
not fall under certain exemptions.  
The out-of-court settlement proceedings are held digitally to the Special Secretariat for the Administration of 
Private Debt through an electronic platform. The reformed procedure does not require any judicial intervention, 
and thus, it is anticipated to be concluded within 2 months.  
The debtor’s application shall be accompanied by data which will be mainly provided automatically through 
the platform. It is noted that the process may also be initiated by creditors by means of an invitation addressed 
to debtors to file the relevant application within a period of 45 working days. 
Following the final submission of the application, the financial institutions which are participating creditors 
are entitled to file a settlement proposal. A restructuring agreement based on the aforementioned proposal is 
concluded, provided that it has the consent of the debtor, of the majority (in terms of the value of the claims 
concerned) of the financial institutions which are participating creditors and at least of the participating secured 
creditors. The deadline for signing the restructuring agreement is two (2) months following the date upon 
which the debtor’s application was filed. 
Following the execution of the restructuring agreement between the financial institutions and the debtor, the 
restructuring agreement is disclosed to the Greek State and the Social Security Funds through the electronic 
platform. The restructuring agreement is presumed to be accepted by the Greek State and the Social Security 
Funds, provided that (a) the debt towards the latter does not exceed cumulatively (i) the amount of €1,500,000 
and (ii) the total debt towards the financial institutions which are participating creditors; (b) the content of the 
restructuring agreement is in line with the special calculation tool set out in the New Bankruptcy Code, which 
is left to the discretion of the financial institutions and may define the terms of the debt settlement, taking into 
account mostly the obligation not to render the financial situation of any creditor worse than the one it would 
have been in the case of liquidation of the debtor’s assets in the context of an enforcement procedure pursuant 
to the provisions of the Greek Civil Procedure Code; (c) the conditions regarding several restrictions in respect 
of the write off and/or settlement of the claims of the Greek State and the Social Security Funds are met. In 
case that the conditions under (a)(i) and (ii) are not met, the consent of the Greek State and the Social Security 
Funds may still be granted, provided that the restructuring agreement has been executed by the majority of 
creditors as required by the law and that requirements under (c) are met. 
The consent of the Greek State and the Social Security Funds is presumed to be granted upon expiry of a period 
of 15 working days, starting from the disclosure of the restructuring agreement. The law also provides for an 
implied consent of the financial institutions in cases where the relevant creditor would not be entitled to any 
recoveries and the no-worse off principle is complied with in an objective manner as per the special calculation 
tool. 
Following the filing of an out-of-court settlement application, any enforcement proceedings against the debtor 
with respect to the claims for which the out of court settlement is sought, as well as the process set out in the 
Code of Conduct, are suspended. The suspension is automatically lifted in case that a settlement proposal is 
not submitted and the respective decision is disclosed to the debtor or in any other case that the out-of-court 
settlement attempt is considered unsuccessful. 
Further, out-of-court settlement of debt regime includes provisions regarding the protection of the debtor’s 
primary residence. More specifically, if the restructuring agreement concerns a loan secured with the debtor’s 
primary residence or in case of a debtor with performing debts (who submitted the application), then a subsidy 
may be granted for instalments due for a period of five years under certain conditions, the most important of

--- Page 53 ---
53 
UK-#752978185v12 
which are (a) the total debts exceed the amount of € 10,000, (b) the outstanding debt stemming from the loan 
secured with the debtor’s primary residence does not exceed the amount of €135,000, increased by the amount 
of € 20,000 per each family member and up to the amount of € 215,000 per creditor, (c) the loan has not been 
terminated within a period of 1 year following the submission of the application and (d) certain provisions 
regarding the decrease of the debtor’s income are met. 
In case that a debt settlement agreement is not executed by the debtor and the participating creditors within 
two months of the application submission date, the application will be rejected. 
The New Bankruptcy Code sets out the consequences applicable in case of non-compliance with the 
restructuring agreement. More specifically, in the event of non-payment by the debtor of an aggregate amount 
equal either to three payment instalments or 3% of the total amount due under the restructuring agreement, any 
creditor may terminate the restructuring agreement. Upon termination, all claims towards the terminating 
creditor revive to the pre-settlement debt amount less any amount already paid under the settlement to that 
date. It is noted that the termination of the restructuring agreement does not have an erga omnes effect. 
(b) 
The Rehabilitation Procedure  
The rehabilitation procedure under the New Bankruptcy Code applies only to persons (individuals or legal 
entities) exercising business activity, who are in a present or threatened financial inability or likelihood to 
become insolvent. Rehabilitation provides for a rescue process following judicial intervention. In particular, 
rehabilitation involves ratification by the competent court of the relevant rehabilitation agreement providing 
for the restructuring of the debtor’s debts. The rehabilitation agreement shall be accompanied by a business 
plan, the term of which shall be equal to the term of the rehabilitation agreement. In order to be filed for 
ratification by the competent Court, the rehabilitation agreement must be signed by the debtor and by creditors 
representing a majority of 50 per cent. of secured claims and more than 50 per cent. of the remaining claims, 
in each case of creditors affected by the rehabilitation agreement. The debtor is not required to be a party to 
the rehabilitation agreement, in case the debtor is in a state of cessation of payments, in which case the relevant 
petition for the ratification of the rehabilitation agreement should be accompanied by a petition for the 
declaration of bankruptcy. Further, in order to be ratified by the Court, the rehabilitation agreement should, 
amongst others, render the debtor’s business viable.  
The petition for the ratification of the rehabilitation agreement shall be accompanied, inter alia, by an expert 
report.  
The rehabilitation agreement is ratified by a court decision following submission of an application to the 
competent court by the debtor or any of the consenting creditors, provided that (a) it has been concluded by 
creditors representing more than 50 per cent of the secured claims and more than 50 per cent of the remaining 
claims, in each case of creditors affected by the rehabilitation agreement, or (b) in case of absence of consent 
of one of the aforementioned categories of creditors, the rehabilitation agreement has been concluded between 
creditors representing more than 60 per cent of total claims including more than 50 per cent of the secured 
claims, and provided further that it does not render the financial situation of the nn-consenting creditors worse 
than the one it would have been in the case of the debtor’s bankruptcy.  
The New Bankruptcy Code provides also for the “implied consent” of the Greek State and the Social Security 
Funds to the rehabilitation agreement, provided that (a) the principal debt does not exceed the amount of 
€15,000,000, (b) according to the expert report, the rehabilitation agreement does not render the financial 
situation of these creditors worse than the one it would have been in the case of the debtor’s bankruptcy and 
(c) according to the expert report the overdue debt towards these creditors does not exceed the debt owed 
towards private creditors.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
UK-#752978185v12 
As regards debtors being legal entities, in order to avoid resistance from shareholders, it is provided that the 
approval of the rehabilitation agreement shall be provided by its administrator or governing body, unless 
approval by its shareholders’ or administrators’ board is explicitly required by law. Upon ratification, the 
rehabilitation plan is binding upon all creditors, whose claims are regulated in such plan, including any non-
participating creditors (but is not binding on creditors whose claims have arisen after the decision ratifying the 
rehabilitation plan). 
The rehabilitation agreement may provide inter alia for any readjustment of the liabilities of the debtor, 
including (amongst other things) the amendment of the terms of the obligations of the debtor (indicatively, 
interest rate, date of payment), the reduction of claims against the debtor and the suspension of individual and 
collective enforcement actions against the debtor for a certain period of time, such suspension being binding 
on non-consenting creditors for a period up to three months as from the ratification of the rehabilitation 
agreement by the Court. However, claims secured by pre-notations may not be adversely affected by the 
rehabilitation agreement, in the sense that such secured claims may only be reduced to the amount that would 
reasonably be anticipated to be recovered, were foreclosure proceedings to be initiated in relation to the 
mortgaged property (i.e. the rank of the pre-notation, the value of the mortgaged property and any generally 
preferred creditors should be taken into account). 
Upon its ratification, the rehabilitation agreement is binding upon all creditors, i.e. including the dissenting 
creditors. In other words, the ratification of this agreement allows a qualified majority to cram down on non-
consenting creditors.  
The Bankruptcy Code provides for the following suspension of enforcement proceedings in relation to 
rehabilitation procedure: 
(a) Upon filing of a petition before the competent Court for the ratification of a rehabilitation agreement and 
until the issuance of the court decision, all enforcement proceedings and injunction measures (including for 
the imposition of a provisional seizure and the registration of a pre-notation), against the debtor are suspended 
automatically by operation of law; such suspension applies only once and may not exceed four (4) months. 
Throughout this automatic suspension, the disposition of the debtor’s real property and business equipment is 
prohibited; 
(b) Following the lapse of above four (4) month period suspension, the Court may upon petition order a stay 
of enforcement proceedings against the debtor until the issuance of the relevant court decision; and 
(c) Prior to the filing of a petition before the competent Court for the ratification of a rehabilitation agreement, 
subject to written consent of creditors representing at least 20 per cent. of the debtor’s total debts, the Court 
may upon petition order a stay of enforcement proceedings against the debtor until the filing of the relevant 
petition for the ratification of a rehabilitation agreement; such stay may only be imposed once and may not 
exceed four (4) months but may, subject to specific conditions being met (i.e. there is progress in relevant 
negotiations, the suspension does not unreasonably affect the rights of any party), be extended up to six (6) 
months. 
(c) 
Bankruptcy 
Bankruptcy proceedings are regulated by articles 75-172 of the New Bankruptcy Code. Under the New 
Bankruptcy Code individuals not exercising business activity are eligible for bankruptcy. Bankruptcy 
proceedings commence by declaration of the bankruptcy by the court upon application by any creditor, the 
debtor or the attorney general.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
UK-#752978185v12 
In order to be declared bankrupt, the debtor should be in a state of cessation of payments, i.e. inability to to 
pay debts as they fall due in a generic and permanent manner. Under the New Bankruptcy Code, cessation of 
payments is presumed where the debtor does not pay due and payable debts towards the Greek State, social 
security institutions or credit or financial institutions, amounting to more than €30,000 and representing at least 
40% of the debtor’s total due and payable debts for a period of six months. A selective payment of certain due 
and payable debts (cherry-picking) does not lift the cessation of payments. Bankruptcy may also be declared 
on the grounds of threatened inability to pay, only if such declaration is made upon application by the debtor. 
Furthermore, the debtor is obliged to commence bankruptcy proceedings within thirty (30) days of the date on 
which debtor became unable to repay its debts.  
Following the filing of an application before the competent Court for the declaration of bankruptcy, upon 
petition of any interested party the Court may order a stay of enforcement proceedings against the debtor until 
the issuance of the relevant court decision. 
The opening of bankruptcy proceedings does not affect the priority ranking of validly created security over 
property (claims of item (2) above) and Secured Creditors (as opposed to Unsecured Creditors) can initiate 
individual enforcement proceedings for their secured claim following the opening of bankruptcy proceedings 
against the debtor, provided that the bankruptcy application does not include a request from creditors that the 
debtor’s assets are liquidated either as a whole or in operational parts and provided further that a stay may be 
imposed in accordance with the New Bankruptcy Code. 
The bankruptcy officer, who is nominated in the application for the declaration of the bankruptcy, is appointed 
by the court. The duties of the bankruptcy officer may be carried on by an individual or legal entity registered 
in a special register and qualified to act as insolvency practitioner. The bankruptcy officer is responsible for 
the administration of the debtor’s assets for the purposes of liquidating and distributing the liquidation proceeds 
to the creditors, in accordance with their respective priority of rights.  
In case the bankruptcy application is submitted by creditors representing at least 30 per cent of the total claims, 
including 20 per cent of the claims of secured creditors and the bankruptcy is deemed to be large scale, the 
creditors are entitled to request that the debtor’s assets are liquidated either as a whole or in operational parts. 
If such request is accepted by the court, the liquidation of the debtor’s assets is conducted through a public 
auction conducted through the use of electronic means and administered by a notary acting as auction clerk, 
without a fixed first offer. In the event that the liquidation of the debtor’s assets as a whole or in operational 
parts is not fulfilled within a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of declaration of bankruptcy, the 
bankruptcy officer shall proceed to the piece meal liquidation process. 
According to the provisions regarding the piece meal liquidation, the debtor’s assets are liquidated separately 
through a public auction conducted through the use of electronic means. In case of a property included in the 
bankruptcy estate which is subject to a mortgage or a pre-notation of mortgage, the bankruptcy officer may 
initiate liquidation thereof through auction, provided that no auction process has been initiated within nine (9) 
months as from the declaration of bankruptcy. 
The e-auction is conducted by a notary and the initial auction price is set as the average value of the assets, as 
defined by two certified appraisers, and gradually adjusted depending on the success of the auction. It is noted 
that after a third unsuccessful auction, the bankruptcy officer shall submit to the judge a request for either a 
reduction of the reserve price or for conducting a direct sale. In case that the assets are not sold within a period 
of 120 days following the judge’s ruling, the e-auction will be conducted without an initial price.  
Under the new regime introduced by the New Bankruptcy Code, which applies to bankruptcy proceedings 
initiated from 1 March 2021 onwards, the creditors ranking rules in case of bankruptcy are aligned with the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
UK-#752978185v12 
relevant provisions (i.e. art. 975, 976, 977, 977A and 978) of the GCCP, subject to the following claims being 
satisfied in priority to any other claim (super privilege):  
(a) 
claims arising from any financing to the debtor’s business, in order to ensure the continuity of the 
business activity and of relevant payments, the business rescue and the preservation or increase of the 
business assets, in accordance with the rehabilitation agreement;  
(b)  
claims arising from the provision of goods or services for the purpose of business and payments 
continuity and 
(c)  
claims arising from any financing and the provision of goods and services to the debtor’s business for 
the purposes set out under (a) above during the negotiations for the conclusion of a rehabilitation 
agreement, for a period no more than six (6) months as from the date of filing a petition to the 
competent Court for the ratification of the rehabilitation agreement. 
A digital insolvency registry through which all announcements, creditors’ communications and registrations 
of procedural actions shall be performed.  
Furthermore, the New Bankruptcy Code provides for a simplified bankruptcy process, which is conducted 
through the newly introduced Electronic Insolvency Registry, for legal entities meeting one of the ‘micro’ 
entities’ criteria as set out in article 2 of Greek Law 4308/2014, i.e. those not exceeding €350,000 in total 
assets, or €700,000 in net amount of turnover, or an average of ten employees, and individuals with assets up 
to €350,000.  
 
Administration of non-performing loans 
 
In February 2013, the Government Council for the Administration of Private Debt (the "Council"Error! 
Bookmark not defined.) was established by virtue of Article 1 of Greek Law 4224/2013, as replaced by Articles 
72-99 of Greek Law 4389/2016, whose objective is, amongst others, to form policies for the organization of 
an integrated mechanism for the effective administration of non-performing loans, to propose amendments to 
the existing legal framework, both in terms of substance and procedure to this effect, and to establish a network 
for the provision of free consultancy services to individuals and legal entities and training on debt management 
and for the planning of financial management awareness for households and SMEs.  
 
The above law also provides that the Council defines the principles of the “cooperative borrower” and makes 
estimates as to the “reasonable living expenses” which are incorporated in the “Code of Conduct” for the 
administration of non-performing loans. 
 
The operations of the Council will be supported by a Coordination Committee, a Special Secretariat and a 
network of 30 regional Debtor Support and Information Centres across Greece. The Special Secretariat of the 
Council must establish and operate a website platform enabling borrowers to obtain in a standardised manner 
data and information relevant to their interaction with the banks, such as the calculation of "reasonable living 
expenses" and the calculation of their repayment capacity for the purposes of the laws governing the settlement 
of debts of over-indebted individuals.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this law, the Hellenic Consumers’ Ombudsman will mediate between lenders and 
borrowers aiming to re-schedule non-performing loans and, in particular, in relation to issues of application of 
the aforesaid “Code of Conduct”. The terms and procedures for the mediation performed by the Consumers’ 
Ombudsman are determined by virtue of Ministerial Decision 5921/2015 (published in Government Gazette 
92/B/20.1.2015).

--- Page 57 ---
57 
UK-#752978185v12 
In implementation of Article 1 of the aforementioned Greek Law 4224/2013, the Credit and Insurance 
Committee of the Bank of Greece introduced, initially by virtue of decision no. 116/25.8.2014, as replaced by 
decision no. 195/29.7.2016 and thereafter replaced by decision no. 392/1/31.5.2021, the Code of Conduct with 
respect to loans in arrears for regulated institutions extending credit in Greece as per Greek Law 4261/2014 
and credit servicing companies licensed by the Bank of Greece in accordance with article 1 of Greek Law 
4345/2015, as in force. The Code of Conduct, which came into force on 31 December 2014, lays down general 
principles of conduct and introduces provisions in relation to the procedures for risk assessment, valuation of 
the repayment ability, binding rules of conduct for the institutions with precise timelines, including the 
establishment of detailed and documented arrears resolution procedure and appeals review procedure, and 
terms of communication between institutions and borrowers. The concepts of “cooperative borrower” and 
“reasonable living expenses” introduced by Greek Law 4224/2013 shall be used in the decision-making 
process for rescheduling non-performing loans.  
 
The Code of Conduct requires, inter alia, detailed written procedures for loans in arrears, detailed record with 
categorisation of loans and borrowers, standardisation of the content of communications, compliance with the 
guidelines of the Code of Conduct as to the manner, timing and confidentiality of communications and specific 
requirements as to the procedures for loans in arrears, including mandatory notifications in writing, procedures 
for the filing of objections and the assessment thereof by a three-member objections committee and the 
handling of “non-cooperating borrowers”, as well as training arrangements for personnel, communications 
facilities for submission by borrowers or queries, declarations, documents and supporting material, and the 
availability of information leaflets and other information material for the borrowers (in hard copy and on an 
easily accessible user-friendly website page designated for loans in arrears).  
 
In particular, a borrower may be categorized as “non-cooperating” only if he does not provide requested 
financial information or a response, as applicable, within a deadline of 15 business days as from relevant 
notification by the credit or financial institution. Further, in case enforcement on the borrower’s main residence 
could be initiated as a result of the borrower being categorized as "non-cooperating": (i) before proceeding to 
such categorization the credit institution should first send to the borrower a relevant warning letter, within 30 
calendar days as from the lapse of above deadline of 15 business days, and (ii) following such categorization 
the credit institution should notify the borrower in writing within 15 calendar days. 
 
Each credit or financial institution bound by the Code of Conduct must be in a position to evidence to the Bank 
of Greece its compliance with the requirements and obligations imposed by the Code of Conduct. 
 
In dealing with cases of borrowers in arrears or pre-arrears, each institution has to apply an arrears resolution 
procedure involving the following steps: (i) Step 1: communication with the borrower, (ii) Step 2: collection 
of financial and other information, (iii) Step 3: assessment of financial data, (iv) Step 4: proposal of appropriate 
solutions to the borrower and (v) Step 5: appeals review procedure. Pursuant to article 39 of Greek Law 
4818/2021, the procedures of Step 2 and Step 4 under the Code of Conduct shall be carried out exclusively 
through a dedicated platform, which shall be established by the General Secretariat for Information Systems 
and Digital Governance in cooperation with the General Secretariat for Private Debt Management. Such new 
platform was developed by the General Secretariat of Public Administration Information Systems in 
cooperation with the Special Secretariat for Private Debt Management and put into effect as from 16 October 
2023 pursuant to the Joint Ministerial Decision 145947/2023 (Government Gazette 5909/B/10-10-2023) of the 
Ministers of National Economy and Finance, Digital Governance and the Governor of the Bank of Greece. 
The new platform supports the Code of Conduct process by documenting relevant steps and their timing. In 
particular, borrowers may submit exclusively through the above platform their application and relevant 
information for the conduct of Step 2 of the Code of Conduct. Following the assessment of the application and 
information submitted, the respective credit institution submits relevant solution(s) in the context of Step 4 of 
the Code of Conduct exclusively through the above-mentioned platform.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
UK-#752978185v12 
Compliance of credit and financial institutions with the principles and the provisions of the Code of Conduct 
before proceeding to enforcement may cause further delays in the initiation of enforcement proceedings.   
 
Articles 1-3A of Greek Law 4354/2015, which entered into force on 16 December 2015 (published in 
Government Gazette 176/A/16.12.2015), as these have been replaced by Article 70 of Greek Law 4389/2016 
(published in Government Gazette 94/A/27.5.2016) and further amended by the fourth and tenth Articles of 
Greek Law 4393/2016, Article 48 of Greek Law 4472/2017 and by Article 69 of Greek Law 4549/2018 (the 
“Law 4354”), introduced and regulate the sale and purchase of receivables arising from loans and credit 
facilities granted by credit of financial institutions, both performing and non-performing, and the management 
thereof and sets out the legal framework for the establishment and operation in Greece of relevant credit 
servicing firms. The Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no. 118/19.5.2017 (which replaced Act no. 
95/27.5.2016) was also issued, setting out the regulatory framework of such credit servicing firms, further 
determining the procedure and requirements for the establishment and operation thereof. 
 
According to Law 4354, the management of receivables arising from loans and credit facilities that have been 
granted by credit or financial institutions may be assigned exclusively to: (a) special purpose companies in the 
form of Greek sociétés anonymes, having their registered seat in Greece and as exclusive scope the servicing 
of receivables from loans and credit facilities; and (b) companies having their registered seat in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, provided that they are established through branch in Greece with the 
purpose of managing receivables from loans and credit facilities. Such servicers are licensed the Bank of 
Greece, subject to governance and organizational requirements imposed by Law 4354. All servicers are subject 
to the supervision of the Bank of Greece and qualify as financial institutions.  
 
Auction Proceeds 
The proceeds of an auction following enforcement against a property securing a Loan must be allocated in 
accordance with Articles 975, 976, 977 and 977A of the GCCP. These Articles require the notary public who 
acted as the auction clerk to deduct from the proceeds the expenses (including legal, bailiffs and notarial fees) 
incurred in connection with the enforcement proceedings. Following such deduction, the proceeds are allocated 
among participating creditors, depending on their classification; in particular , under the GCCP, creditors are 
divided into three classes, as follows: 
(a) 
creditors enjoying general privileges under Article 975 of the GCCP, namely (in the following ranking 
order): 
(i) claims for hospitalisation and funeral costs of the Borrower and his family arising in the previous 
12 months, as well as compensation claims against the Borrower of persons suffering disability at the 
level of 80 per cent. or more, with the exception of moral suffering damages, arising until the time of 
the auction or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(ii) costs for the nourishment of the Borrower and his family arising in the previous six months prior 
to the auction date or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(iii) claims against the relevant Borrower pursuant to employment relationships as well as claims of 
lawyers, entitled to a fixed periodic fee payment, for fees, expenses and compensation arising in the 
previous two years prior to the auction date (however, this time limit does not apply to claims of 
compensation for termination); further, claims of the Hellenic Republic against the relevant Borrower 
in respect of Value Added Tax and any attributable or withholding taxes and related surcharges and 
interests thereon; claims against the relevant Borrower of social security funds subject to the 
responsibility of the General Secretariat of Social Security (which should not be relevant for the 
majority of Borrowers who are not professionals), as well as compensation claims in case of death of

--- Page 59 ---
59 
UK-#752978185v12 
person liable for nutrition, claims against the relevant Borrower of persons suffering disability at the 
level of 67 per cent. or more, arising until the time of the auction or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(iv) claims by farmers or farming partnerships arising from the sale of agricultural goods during the 
previous year before the auction date or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(v) claims of the Greek state and municipal authorities that arise out of any cause, including interests 
and surcharges; and 
(vi) claims by the Athens Stock Exchange Members’ Guarantee Fund (if the Borrower is or was an 
investment services company within the meaning of Greek Law 4514/2018) arising in the previous 
two years before the date of the auction or the declaration of bankruptcy (this should not be relevant 
for any Borrower), 
(b) 
secured creditors through a mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation over the auctioned property 
(allocation amongst them is made on the basis of the time on which each lien was established) and 
claims for the preservation of the auctioned property; and 
(c) 
unsecured creditors creditors (i.e. all other creditors, who are neither enjoying general privileges nor  
secured). 
Article 977A of the GCCP introduced new allocation rules in relation to new claims created from 17 January 
2018 onwards, if such claims are secured through a mortgage or mortgage prenotation over the property which 
was not subject to any encumbrance as at 17 January 2018. Pursuant to Article 977A of the GCCP, to the extent 
applicable and after the deduction of the enforcement expenses, the auction proceeds are allocated in the 
following order:  
(a)  
to claims arising prior to the date of the first auction which relate to unpaid wages of up to six (6) 
months arising from a dependent employment and up to a monthly amount equal to the statutory 
minimum wage for an employee aged over twenty five (25) years, multiplied by 275%. These claims 
are satisfied in priority to any other claim (super privilege); 
(b) 
to the secured creditors (i.e. through a mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the property); 
(c) 
to the creditors enjoying general privileges; and 
(d) 
to unsecured creditors. 
In cases where a mortgage or mortgage pre-notation is registered over more than one properties of the Borrower, 
the abovementioned claims which relate to unpaid wages and benefit from the super privilege, are satisfied from 
the auctions proceeds as follows: 1) pari passu, if the auctions took place simultaneously; or 2) in chronological 
order of the auctions up until full satisfaction, if the auctions took place successively. In the latter case, the 
secured creditors which are not satisfied due to the super privilege are granted a right to be satisfied for the 
unrecovered part of their claim from the proceeds of the auctions of the remaining properties of the Borrower.  
Accordingly, in cases where the allocation of the auction proceeds takes place in accordance with Article 977A 
of the GCCP and there are creditors benefiting from super privilege, the Issuer (as owner of a first-ranking 
pre-notation) could be totally excluded from the allocation of the auction proceeds or be only partially satisfied 
from the auction proceeds thereof. In such case, the proceeds may not be sufficient to discharge the amount 
that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer under the Loan, which may in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. It should be noted that the application of Article 977A remains 
untested.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
UK-#752978185v12 
In case above requirements of Article 977A of the GCCP are not met, for enforcement proceedings initiated 
from 1 January 2016 onwards allocation of auction proceeds takes place in accordance with Article 977 of the 
GCCP; in particular: 
(a) In case of concurrence of creditors enjoying general privileges and of secured creditors (i.e. through a 
mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the property) and of unsecured creditors, the proceeds are 
allocated as follows: 
• 
up to 65 per cent. to the secured creditors (any surplus is allocated first to creditors enjoying a general 
privilege and then to unsecured creditors); 
• 
up to 25 per cent. to the creditors enjoying general privileges (any surplus is allocated first to secured 
creditors and then to the unsecured creditors); and 
• 
up to 10 per cent. to the unsecured creditors (in case of a surplus, one-third is allocated to creditors 
enjoying a general privilege and two-thirds to secured creditors). Creditors enjoying general privileges 
and secured creditors cannot be satisfied from this 10 per cent. even if they have not been fully 
satisfied. 
(b) In case of concurrence of creditors enjoying general privileges and of secured creditors (i.e. through a 
mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the property), proceeds are allocated as follows:  
• 
up to two-thirds to the secured creditors (any surplus is allocated to creditors enjoying general 
privileges); and  
• 
up to one-third to the creditors enjoying general privileges (any surplus is allocated to secured 
creditors).  
(c) In case of concurrence of secured creditors (i.e. through a mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the 
property) and of unsecured creditors, proceeds are allocated as follows:  
• 
up to 90 per cent. to the secured creditors; and 
• 
up to 10 per cent. to the unsecured creditors. 
Accordingly, in cases where the allocation of the auction proceeds takes place in accordance with Article 977 
of the GCCP, the Issuer, as owner of a first-ranking pre-notation could be limited to receiving approximately 
two-thirds or 65 per cent. (as applicable) of the proceeds raised by an auction of a property securing a Loan if 
a claim enjoying a general privilege under Article 975 of the Greek Civil Procedure Code exists. In such case, 
the proceeds may not be sufficient to discharge the amount that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer under 
the Loan, which may in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Once the allocation of proceeds amongst the creditors of the Borrower has been determined pursuant to a deed 
issued by a notary public, the creditors of the Borrower are invited by the notary public to be informed 
respectively and may dispute the allocation by filing a petition contesting the deed within 12 business days as 
from the service of such invitation pursuant to Article 979 in conjunction with Article 1006 para. 3 of the 
GCCP. Such petition must be heard within 60 days from its filing, in case the contesting creditor is a Greek 
resident, or within 120 days from its filing, in case the contesting creditor has no residence in Greece, and the 
decision by the competent Court of First Instance must be issued within 60 days from the hearing date. The 
creditor is entitled to appeal against the decision to the Court of Appeal (or the Single Member Court of First 
Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may be), which means an additional delay in the collection 
of proceeds of approximately two years. This can further delay the time at which the Issuer finally receives the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
UK-#752978185v12 
proceeds of the enforcement against the relevant property. However, the law provides that a creditor is entitled 
to the payment of its claim even if its allocation priority is subject to a challenge, provided that the creditor 
submits a first demand letter of guarantee issued by a bank lawfully established in Greece, securing repayment 
of the money in the event that such challenge is upheld (Article 980 para. 2 in conjunction with Article 1006 
para. 3 of the GCCP).  
The length, complexity and uncertainty of success of enforcement procedures in Greece to date means that, in 
relation to any defaulted or delinquent Loan included in the Cover Pool, there may be a substantial delay in 
recovering any amounts due under the relevant Loan which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds. The reforms of the GCCP (by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 
(published in Government Gazette 87/A/23.7.2015) and subsequently by Greek Law 4512/2018 (published in 
Government Gazette 5/A/17.1.2018) which enables an auction to be conducted exclusively via electronic 
means, further by Greek Law 4549/2018 and most recently by Greek Law 4842/2021 (published in 
Government Gazette A/190/13.10.2021)), aims at speeding up the pace of enforcement proceedings. However, 
in practice the Courts of First Instance are usually not in a position to observe the strict deadlines for the 
hearing of the relevant annulment petitions and the issuance of decisions thereon. 
However, given that the loans are given a maximum 80 per cent. loan-to-value indexed value for the purpose 
of calculating the Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test, the value of the property securing a Loan should 
exceed the Outstanding Principal Balance of that portion of the Loan accredited value for the purposes of the 
Statutory Tests. Accordingly, the possibility that the Issuer will not receive sufficient proceeds following the 
enforcement against a property securing a Loan to discharge the amounts that are owed to it by the relevant 
Borrower is reduced. 
Greek Consumer Protection Laws 
Greece has specific consumer protection legislation (Greek Law 2251/1994 as repeatedly amended, mainly by 
Greek Law 3587/2007 and ministerial decision Z1-891/2013 (Government Gazette B/2144/30.8.2013) and 
most recently by Greek Law 4512/2018, following Directive 87/102 as amended by Directives 2002/65, 
2005/29 and Directive 2011/83 amending Council Directive 93/13/EEC and Directive 1999/44/EC and 
repealing Council Directive 85/577/EEC and Directive 97/7/EC). Greek Law 4512/2018 effected significant 
amendments to Greek Law 2251/1994, including amongst others, the adoption of the EU consumer definition 
(i.e. individuals acting outside the scope of their business, professional, commercial or craft activities) as 
opposed to the previously broad definition of consumer as the final recipient of goods and services - thus also 
including legal entities. Thereafter, Greek Law 2251/1994 was codified by virtue of Ministerial Decision no. 
5338/2018 (Government Gazette 40/B/17.01.2018). 
Furthermore, according to statutory delegation granted by Greek Law 3587/2007, the Greek Ministry of 
Development issued a decision in June 2008 (No. Z1-798 published in Gov. Gazette 1353/B/11.7.2008, as 
amended and clarified by Ministerial Decisions Z1-21/17.1.2011 published in Gov. Gazette 21/B/2011 and 
Z1-74/2011 published in Gov. Gazette 292/B/2011), by which a number of provisions of mortgage loans 
(including the calculation of interest on the basis of a 360 day year, certain arrangement fees and prepayment 
penalties, termination of the mortgage loan and demand of the total outstanding balance due to any late 
payment, disclaimer of the guarantor regarding certain rights granted to guarantors under Articles 862-868 of 
the Greek Civil Code, as well as a term providing that, in the case of a loan with partial drawdowns, the entire 
loan amount is drawn down and deposited into a blocked savings account held with the lending bank and is 
gradually released, while the borrower is charged as of such drawdown with interest calculated on the entire 
loan amount) have been declared to be "abusive" and are thus null and void, because these provisions have 
already been held to be abusive and therefore illegal by irrevocable decisions of the Greek Courts. The above 
Ministerial Decision applies also to mortgage loans entered into prior to its enactment because the Greek 
Supreme Court has repeatedly held that the consumer protection laws have retrospective effect and apply also 
to agreements previously entered into.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
UK-#752978185v12 
Further, the Greek Supreme Court by its decision No. 15/2007 on litigation with an individual borrower (not 
a class action) held that a penalty charged upon prepayment of a fixed rate mortgage loan (in that case six 
months’ interest on the amount prepaid) is valid and enforceable, provided that the calculation of the amount 
of such penalty is transparent and justified in accordance with the terms of the mortgage loan. Moreover, the 
consumer protection legislation (Greek Law 2251/1994 Article 2 paragraph 7(xxxii)) provides that any penalty 
clause in a consumer contract must be sufficiently justified by reference to the actual loss it aims to cover.  
The standard documentation for the Loans contains certain similar provisions with respect to prepayment 
penalties and arrangement commissions or calculation of interest on the entire loan amount drawn down and 
deposited into a blocked savings account. To the extent that the Issuer charged and continues to charge such 
amounts or any excess interest calculated on a 360 day year basis to its Borrowers, the Borrowers may claim 
back such amounts. Furthermore, the Issuer would be liable to Borrowers should the above amounts continue 
to be charged after the Programme Closing Date. Any such claim by a Borrower could reduce the Issuer's 
ability to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
According to the Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece No. 2501/2002 and the related Decision No. 
178/2004 of the Committee of Banking and Credit Issues of the Bank of Greece, the adjustment of a floating 
interest rate must be: (i) linked to one or more index rates (i.e. ECB, EURIBOR, etc.) and, where one or more 
index rates are applied, the percentage level of each one to the overall adjustment shall be stated and specified; 
and (ii) determined either as a maximum multiple of each variation of the index rate or as the aggregate of the 
index rates in force from time to time and a maximum spread above such rate. Further, in a class action brought 
by a consumer association regarding the validity of several general terms of (amongst others) credit card 
agreements of National Bank of Greece, the Greek Supreme Court under its decision No. 652/2010 held that 
a term granting to the bank the right to adjust the floating interest rate at its sole discretion by up to 200 per 
cent. of the variation of the index rate is valid and enforceable to the extent that such adjustment is justified by 
specific factors provided for in the contractual terms.  
The standard documentation of certain Loans linked to the Issuer’s base rate provides for adjustment of the 
Issuer’s base rate either based on the profile variation of one month EURIBOR plus/minus 50 basis points, 
without reference to specific factors justifying such adjustment, or on a variety of factors without reference to 
any index rate. Such interest adjustment term may be held not to comply with the clarity and transparency 
requirements as set out in the preceding paragraph. 
However, it should be noted that the Borrowers cannot exercise set-off rights against the receivables 
constituting the Cover Pool because they are unattachable under a specific provision of the Covered Bond Law 
(paragraph 6 of Article 14) (unless otherwise provided in the Programme) and claims being unattachable are 
not subject to set-off, pursuant to Article 451 of the Greek Civil Code. Accordingly the Borrowers may not 
exercise set-off rights, such as those in relation to prepayment penalties, against the Issuer on the basis of the 
general provision of Article 451 of the Greek Civil Code, which explicitly prohibits set-off against unattachable 
claims. This restriction does not apply to the set off rights of the Issuer, as lender of Loans, against the 
Borrowers (for example, in respect of deposits or remittances, subject to any applicable restrictions and/or 
prohibitions, such as those provided for in Article 20 of Greek Law 4161/2013, under which deposits up to 
€1,500, or €2,000 in case of joint deposit accounts, may be designated as unattachable, thus not being subject 
to set-off) and the Issuer, and its successors and assigns (such as the Trustee) may exercise set-off rights against 
the Borrowers. 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the legislative package on covered bond 
reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) (the “Covered Bond 
Directive”) and a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2160) (the “Article 129 Regulation”), which entered 
into force on 7 January 2020 with the deadline for application of 8 July 2022 (both texts have relevance for

--- Page 63 ---
63 
UK-#752978185v12 
the EEA and are to be implemented in due course in other countries in the EEA, and, for these purposes, the 
EEA includes the UK). The Covered Bond Directive replaces the former article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC 
(the “UCITS Directive”), establishes a revised common base-line for issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory 
purposes (subject to various options that members states may choose to exercise when implementing the new 
directive through national laws). The Covered Bond Directive does not have direct effect in EEA jurisdictions 
and will need to be implemented in the relevant jurisdiction by national legislation.  In Greece, this has been 
effected by way of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation.  The Article 129 Regulation is directly applicable in 
Member States from 8 July 2022 and it amends article 129 of the CRR (and certain related provisions) and 
further strengthens the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the CRR 
regime. As the CRR permits the exercise of certain national discretion, the implementation may be subject to 
some level of national variation. 
The Covered Bond Law implemented into Greek Law the Covered Bond Directive and is the primary legal 
basis for covered bond issuance in Greece. On 9 February 2023 the Executive Committee of the Bank of 
Greece issued decision nr. 215/03.02.2023 on the basis of the provisions and authorisations of the Covered 
Bond law which together with the Covered Bond Law, shall constitute the Greek Covered Bond Legislation. 
The Covered Bonds are expected to be fully compliant with the CRR and therefore qualify for a 20 per cent. 
risk weighting in eligible European jurisdictions. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the 
regulatory developments described above or other regulatory changes not currently known to the Issuer will 
impact the treatment of the Covered Bonds for investors. 
In addition, it should be noted that the Covered Bond Directive provides for permanent grandfathering with 
respect to certain requirements of the new regime for article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds 
issued before 8 July 2022 and includes an option for the Member States to allow tap issues with respect to 
grandfathered covered bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022), provided such tap issues comply with 
certain prescribed requirements.  
The transactions contemplated in this Base Prospectus are based, in part, on the provisions of the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation. For further information on the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, see “Overview of 
the Greek Covered Bond Legislation”. There are a number of aspects of Greek Law which are referred to in 
this Base Prospectus with which potential Covered Bondholders are likely to be unfamiliar. Particular attention 
should be paid to the sections of this Base Prospectus containing such references. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the changes (and any corresponding national 
implementing measures) in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their 
investment in the Covered Bonds. 
European Covered Bond (premium) Label 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)” (in Greek “Ευρωπαϊκό Καλυμμένο Ομόλογο (Ανωτέρας Ποιότητας)”, subject to the final 
assessment of the Programme by the Bank of Greece, certifying the label, and provided that the Covered Bonds 
are in compliance with the Covered Bond Law and Article 129 of the CRR. Given that the labelling of the 
Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under 
Covered Bond Law and Article 129 of the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other things, any 
regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds and assess autonomously 
the compliance of the Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory framework. No assurance or 
representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without limitation, whether 
such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any Series of Covered 
Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”. Furthermore, no assurance is given whether Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond 
(Premium) will continue to maintain such label even after their issuance.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group could be subject to additional taxes, including a financial transaction tax 
The Group is subject to the various tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. Changes in tax laws, 
including the imposition of new taxes, could adversely affect the Group’s tax position, including its effective 
tax rate or tax payments. The Greek tax system is subject to frequent changes, new taxes/charges may be 
imposed, such as a “one-off” taxation on profitable companies, and existing taxes may be increased. In the 
past, the Group has incurred both recurrent and “one-off” taxes. The Group is also subject to tax in foreign 
jurisdictions in which it has operations; the scope of these taxes may be broadened in the future and relevant 
rates could be increased reducing its profit margins. 
The Group relies on generally available interpretations of applicable tax primary and secondary legislation. 
There cannot be certainty that the relevant tax authorities are in agreement with the Group’s interpretation of 
such legislation. If the Group’s tax positions are challenged by relevant tax authorities, the imposition of 
additional taxes could require the Group to pay taxes that it currently does not pay, or increase the costs of its 
services to monitor and pay such taxes, which could increase the Group’s costs of operations or its effective 
tax rate and have a negative effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, Greece is one of the eleven EU member states (the “participating Member States”) that requested 
participation in the implementation of a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”). On 14 February 2013, 
the European Commission issued proposals on behalf of the participating Member States, including a draft 
Directive (the “Commission’s Proposal”), implementing enhanced co-operation for an FTT. Following the 
ECOFIN Council meeting of 8 December 2015, Estonia officially announced its withdrawal from the 
negotiation and, on 16 March 2016, completed the formalities required to cease participation in the enhanced 
co-operation on an FTT. 
The proposed scope of the FTT under the Commission’s Proposal is wide. If the Commission’s Proposal was 
adopted in its published form, the FTT would be a tax primarily on certain dealings involving “financial 
institutions” in relation to “financial transactions” (which would include the conclusion or modification of 
derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments, including shares). 
Even though it is proposed that the FTT is to be introduced only in the participating Member States, under the 
Commission’s Proposal it could impact persons operating inside and outside of the participating Member 
States. Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” 
in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (i) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
financial transaction is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal currently remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may, 
therefore, be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU member 
states may decide to participate, and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
The FTT could be payable by the Group in connection with transactions forming part of its business, or by 
investors in connection with relevant transactions in respect of the Covered Bonds (including secondary 
transactions), if the FTT is implemented and the conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
UK-#752978185v12 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The value of the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by a change in English or Greek Law or 
administrative practice 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on 
English and Greek Law, respectively, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible change to English or Greek Law (or the laws of any other jurisdiction) 
(including any change in regulation which may occur without a change in the primary legislation) or 
administrative practice in the UK or Greece after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be 
given as to whether any such change would adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
UK-#752978185v12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus (except to the extent expressly excluded as specified where applicable below): 
(a)  
(i) 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” contained in the previous base prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 25 August 2017 (as amended, as described on page 3 in the 
supplement to such base prospectus dated 24 October 2017), which appear on pages 97 to 132 
(but excluding pages 1 to 96 and 133 to 282, which are not incorporated by reference in, and 
do 
not 
form 
part 
of, 
this 
Base 
Prospectus), 
available 
at  
https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/~/media/Com/2017/Files/investors/financials/dept-
insurance-capacity/2017-Base-Prospectus.pdf:  
(ii) 
The amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” as referred to in (a)(i) 
above, as contained in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” on pages 5 
to 7 in the supplement dated 24 October 2017 to such previous base prospectus relating to the 
Programme (but excluding pages 1 to 2 of such supplement, which are not incorporated by 
reference in, and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus), available at 
https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/~/media/Com/2017/Files/Investor-Relations/Financial-
Data/Debt-Issuance-Capacity/PB-CB-Supplement-24-October-2017.PDF; 
(iii) 
the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” contained in the previous base prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 17 October 2018, which appear on pages 103 to 141 (but 
excluding pages 1 to 102 and 142 to 282, which are not incorporated by reference in, and do 
not 
form 
part 
of, 
this 
Base 
Prospectus) 
available 
at 
https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/~/media/Com/2018/Files/Investor-Relations/Financial-
Data/Debt-Issuance-Capacity/CB-Programme-update-2018---Base-Prospectus.PDF; 
(b) 
the 
2021 
Annual 
Financial 
Report 
of 
Piraeus 
Bank 
(available 
at   
https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/~/media/Com/2022/Files/investors/financials/financial-
statements/Annual-Financial-Report-2021-of-PB-Group-en.pdf) including the following sections: 
(i) 
ESMA’s Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”) which appear on pages 79 to 81 of the 
2021 Annual Financial Report; 
(ii) 
the independent auditor’s report on the audit of the separate and consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 which appears on pages 
82 to 89 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report; and 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 which appears on pages 90 to 95 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report. The 
statement of financial position appears on page 92, the income statement appears on page 90, 
the statement of total comprehensive income appears on page 90, the cash flow statement 
appears on page 95, the statement of changes in equity appears on pages 93 and 94 and the 
notes to the financial statements appear on pages 96 to 329 of the 2021 Annual Financial 
Report. 
(c) 
 the 
2022 
Annual 
Financial 
Report 
of 
Piraeus 
Bank 
(available 
at 
https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/~/media/Com/2022/Files/investors/Financials/Financial-
Statements/Annual-Financial-Report-2022-of-PB-Group-31122022_En.pdf) including the following 
sections: 
(i) 
ESMA’s Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”) which appear on pages 65 to 67 of the 
2022 Annual Financial Report; 
(ii) 
the independent auditor’s report on the audit of the separate and consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which appears on pages

--- Page 67 ---
67 
UK-#752978185v12 
68 to 74 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report; and 
 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 which appears on pages 75 to 81 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report. The 
statement of financial position appears on page 77, the income statement appears on page 
75, the statement of total comprehensive income appears on page 76, the cash flow 
statement appears on pages 80 and 81, the statement of changes in equity appears on pages 
78 and 79 and the notes to the financial statements appear on pages 82 to 325 of the 2022 
Annual Financial Report 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
offices of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg and will be available for viewing on Piraeus Bank’s website (https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/en/). 
This Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the documents incorporated by reference will also be published on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s website (www.luxse.com). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or publish 
a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
UK-#752978185v12 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes a General Description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) 
of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.  
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any 
relevant Dealer may agree that Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus will 
be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this summary. 
PRINCIPAL PARTIES 
 
Issuer 
Piraeus Bank S.A. ("Piraeus Bank" or the Issuer). 
Arranger 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, acting through its investment banking division 
("Barclays Bank Ireland PLC"). 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Piraeus Bank and/or any other dealers 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Servicer 
Piraeus Bank (in its capacity as the servicer or any replacement servicer 
appointed pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed from time 
to time, the “Servicer") will service the Loans and Related Security in the 
Cover Pool pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
 
The Servicer shall also undertake certain notification and reporting services 
together with account handling services in relation to moneys from time to 
time standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts and the Transaction 
Account and cash management activities (the "Servicing and Cash 
Management Services") in accordance with the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, including the 
calculation of the Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent auditors and accountants, not being the 
independent auditors of the Issuer for the time being, appointed pursuant to 
the Asset Monitor Agreement in accordance with Article 15 of the Covered 
Bond Law as an independent monitor to act as cover pool monitor in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Law and to carry out various testing and 
notification duties in relation to the calculations performed by the Servicer 
with respect to the Statutory Tests. The Asset Monitor will also perform tests 
in respect of the Amortisation Test when required in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The Asset Monitor is currently 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. acting through its office at 260 Kifissias 
Avenue, 15232 Halandri, Athens, Greece (the "Asset Monitor"). 
Account Bank 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch acting through its office at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, has agreed to act as

--- Page 69 ---
69 
UK-#752978185v12 
account bank (the "Account Bank") pursuant to the Bank Account 
Agreement. 
 
In the event that the Account Bank ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the 
Servicer will be obliged to transfer the Transaction Account to a credit 
institution with the appropriate minimum ratings. 
 
"Eligible Institution" means any bank whose long-term and short-term 
issuer default ratings ("IDR") are at least A and F1 respectively by Fitch and 
whose DBRS Morningstar long-term rating is at least BBB(low) (or such 
other ratings which are consistent with the published criteria of the Rating 
Agencies), provided always that such ratings are sufficient for deposits in the 
Transaction Account to comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR.  
Principal Paying 
Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Principal Paying Agent" and, together 
with any agent appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement, 
the "Paying Agents"). The Principal Paying Agent will act as such pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement. 
Registrar 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Registrar"). The Registrar will act as 
such pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
Trustee 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited acting through its office at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB (the "Trustee") has 
been appointed to act as bond trustee for the Covered Bondholders in respect 
of the Covered Bonds in accordance with the Trust Deed and will also act as 
security trustee to hold the benefit of all security granted by the Issuer (on trust 
for itself, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors) under the 
Deed of Charge and the Statutory Pledge granted pursuant to the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation, acting also in its capacity as bondholder agent 
under the Covered Bond Law, performing its various duties and powers 
granted to it under the provisions of the Covered Bond Law to the benefit of 
the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
 
"Covered Bond" means each covered bond issued or to be issued pursuant to 
the Programme Agreement and which is or is to be constituted under the Trust 
Deed, which covered bond may be represented by a Global Covered Bond or 
any Definitive Covered Bond and includes any replacements for a Covered 
Bond issued pursuant to Condition 12 (Replacement of Covered Bonds, 
Coupons and Talons). 
 
"Covered Bondholders" means the several persons who are for the time being 
holders of outstanding Covered Bonds (being, in the case of Bearer Covered 
Bonds, the bearers thereof and, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, the 
several persons whose names are entered in the register of holders of the 
Registered Covered Bonds as the holders thereof) save that, in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series, for so long as such Covered Bonds or any part 
thereof are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond deposited with a 
common depositary or, as applicable, common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or so long as Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Covered Bond, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than Clearstream, Luxembourg,

--- Page 70 ---
70 
UK-#752978185v12 
if Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be an accountholder of Euroclear and 
Euroclear, if Euroclear shall be an accountholder of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), as the holder of a particular principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series shall be deemed to be the holder of such principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds (and the holder of the relevant Global Covered 
Bond shall be deemed not to be the holder) for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such principal amount of 
such Covered Bonds. 
Hedging 
Counterparties 
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into Hedging Agreements with 
various swap providers to hedge certain currency and/or other risks (each a 
"Covered Bond Swap Provider"), interest risks (each an "Interest Rate 
Swap Provider") and currency risks (each an "FX Rate Swap Provider" 
and, together with the Covered Bond Swap Providers, Interest Rate Swap 
Providers and any other swap provider under a Hedging Agreement, the 
"Hedging Counterparties") associated with the Covered Bonds. The 
Hedging Counterparties will act as such pursuant to the relevant Hedging 
Agreements (as defined herein). Each Hedging Counterparty will be required 
to satisfy the conditions under Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law and under 
Section F of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. 
Listing Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. (the "Luxembourg Listing 
Agent").  
Rating Agencies 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS 
Morningstar”) or any other rating agency which may be appointed under the 
Programme from time to time to provide ratings for a specific issue of Covered 
Bonds or on any on-going basis (together, the "Rating Agencies" and each a 
"Rating Agency"). 
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION 
Description 
Piraeus Bank €10 billion Covered Bond Programme (the Programme). 
Programme Amount Up to €10 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies determined as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time as described 
herein. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from each other, 
subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such 
Series. Save in respect of the first issue of Covered Bonds, Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of 
Covered Bonds or have different terms from an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). The Issuer may issue 
Covered Bonds without the prior consent of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to Condition 16 (Further Issues). 
 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Covered Bonds which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a 
Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single

--- Page 71 ---
71 
UK-#752978185v12 
series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
 
"Issue Date" means the date of issue of a Series or Tranche as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (each, the Issue Date in relation to such Series or 
Tranche). 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in the case of interest-bearing 
Covered Bonds, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and 
including) which the relevant Covered Bonds will accrue interest.  
Final Terms 
Final terms (the "Final Terms") will be issued and published in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds” (the "Conditions") prior to the issue of each Series or 
Tranche detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of 
that Series only, complete the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and must 
be read in conjunction with the Conditions and the Base Prospectus. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Series are the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Conditions 
Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new 
Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds 
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds that (i) there is no Issuer Event outstanding and that such 
issuance would not cause an Issuer Event, (ii) such issuance would not result 
in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) the Rating Agencies have been 
notified of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been notified to the Bank of 
Greece in accordance with Article 20(4) of the Covered Bond Law and (v) if 
applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is 
entered into. 
Proceeds of the 
Issue of Covered 
Bonds 
The gross proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the 
Issuer to fund its general corporate purposes. 
Form of Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in either bearer or registered form. 
Registered Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer Covered 
Bonds and vice versa. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such currency or 
currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
UK-#752978185v12 
Denominations 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher 
amount as is required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including €199,000. No Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000. 
Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate ("Fixed Rate Covered Bonds"), which will be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date and on the applicable redemption date 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds bear 
interest at a floating rate ("Floating Rate Covered Bonds"). Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
 
(b)  on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c)  on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s)), 
 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate (the "Margin") will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in 
relation to Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds  
In the event that the Rate of Interest of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is less 
than zero for an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be zero.  Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a 
Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest or both (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms). Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 73 ---
73 
UK-#752978185v12 
Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Covered Bonds bearing no 
interest ("Zero Coupon Covered Bonds"), may be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount. 
Ranking of the 
Covered Bonds 
All Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and pro rata without any preference 
or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series, for all purposes 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other proceeds (if any) on the Covered 
Bonds will be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes, unless the Issuer or any intermediary that intervenes in 
the collection of interest and other proceeds on the Covered Bonds is required 
by applicable law to make such a withholding or deduction. In the event that 
such withholding, or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will not be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Status of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds are covered bonds that could be eligible for the label 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)” (in Greek “Ευρωπαϊκό Καλυμμένο 
Ομόλογο (Ανωτέρας Ποιότητας)” subject to the final assessment of the 
program by the Bank of Greece, certifying the label, and are issued on an 
unconditional basis and in accordance with Articles 1-33 of Greek Law 
4920/2022, (the “Covered Bond Law”) and decision nr. 215/03.02.2023 of 
the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece issued pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Law (the “Secondary Covered Bond Legislation” and, 
together with the Covered Bond Law, the “Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation”). The Covered Bonds are backed by assets forming the Cover 
Pool of the Issuer and to the extent that such assets are governed by Greek 
Law, have the benefit of a statutory pledge established by operation of law 
pursuant to Article 14(2) of the Covered Bond Law (the "Statutory Pledge") 
See also "Overview of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation" below. 
 
Payments on the Covered Bonds will be direct and unconditional obligations 
of the Issuer. 
Security for 
the Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, by virtue of the 
Transaction Documents and pursuant to any Registration Statement, the 
Cover Pool and all cashflows derived therefrom (including any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts or the Third Party 
Collection Account) will be available both prior to and following an 
insolvency or resolution of the Issuer, to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer 
to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors in priority to 
the Issuer’s obligations to any other creditors, until the repayment in full of 
the Covered Bonds. 
 
In accordance with the Deed of Charge, security will be created for the 
benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Creditors in respect of the 
Hedging Agreements and any other Transaction Documents. 
 
"Secured Creditors" means the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders, 
the Trustee, any Receiver, the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents,

--- Page 74 ---
74 
UK-#752978185v12 
the Servicer, the Replacement Servicer, the Special Administrator, any 
person appointed by or delegated to by the Special Administrator in 
accordance with clause 6.8 of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 
the Hedging Counterparties and any other creditor of the Issuer having the 
benefit of the Charged Property in accordance with the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation or pursuant to any transaction document entered into in the 
course of the Programme (provided that, where Piraeus Bank performs any 
of the above roles, Piraeus Bank shall not be a Secured Creditor). 
 
"Security" means the Security Interest granted by the Issuer to the Trustee 
under and pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge and created pursuant 
to the Statutory Pledge. 
 
"Receiver" means any person or persons appointed (and any additional 
person or persons appointed or substituted) as an administrative receiver, 
receiver, manager, or receiver and manager of the Charged Property by the 
Trustee pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
 
"Agents" means the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
any Calculation Agent. 
 
"Calculation Agent" means in relation to one or more Series, the person 
initially appointed as calculation agent in relation to such Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement, or if applicable, any successor 
calculation agent in relation to such Covered Bonds.  
 
"Transfer Agent" means in relation to all or any Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds, the person initially appointed as transfer agent in relation to 
such Covered Bonds by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement, or if 
applicable, any successor transfer agent in relation to all or any Series of 
such Covered Bonds.  
 
"Charged Property" means the property, assets and undertakings charged 
by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 3 (Security and Declaration of Trust) of the 
Deed of Charge together with, where applicable, the property pledged 
pursuant to the Statutory Pledge. 
Cross-
collateralisation 
and Recourse 
By operation of the Covered Bond Law and in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool Assets shall form a single portfolio, 
irrespective of the date of assignment to the Cover Pool and shall be held by 
the Trustee for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors irrespective of the Issue Date of the relevant Series. The Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors shall have recourse to the Cover 
Pool. PB is not currently planning on proceeding with a new programme.  
 
The Cover Pool Assets may not be seized or attached in any form by creditors 
of the Issuer other than by the Trustee on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors. 
 
In order to ensure that the Cover Pool is, at any time, sufficient to meet the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall

--- Page 75 ---
75 
UK-#752978185v12 
be obliged, within certain limits and upon certain conditions, to effect certain 
changes to the Cover Pool Assets comprising the Cover Pool.  
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series may be issued at par or at a premium or 
discount to par on a fully-paid basis or partly paid basis (in each case, the 
"Issue Price" for such Series or Tranche) as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of such Series. 
Interest Payment 
Dates 
In relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms (as  the case may be). 
Programme 
Payment Date 
The 18th day of January, April, July and October and if such day is not an 
Athens Business Day the first Athens Business Day thereafter (the 
"Programme Payment Date"). 
 
"Athens Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Athens and London. 
Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that either the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds can be redeemed prior to their stated maturity for taxation 
reasons in the manner set out in Condition 7.2 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption for taxation reasons), or that such Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable, in full or in part at the option of the Issuer and/or the Covered 
Bondholders upon giving notice to the Covered Bondholders or the Issuer 
(as the case may be), on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Final maturity and 
extendable 
obligations under 
the Covered Bonds 
The final maturity date for each Series (the "Final Maturity Date") will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms or 
previously redeemed as provided in the Conditions, the Covered Bonds of 
each Series will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on the 
relevant Final Maturity Date. If the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full 
on the relevant Final Maturity Date, or (as described below) where the 
Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, then the Trustee shall serve a Notice of 
Default on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered 
Bonds of each Series shall become immediately due and payable, and any 
amount outstanding shall bear interest in accordance with Condition 7.9 
(Redemption and Purchase - Late Payment). 
 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means in respect of a Covered Bond on 
any day the principal amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue 
Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant Covered 
Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day provided that the 
Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Covered Bond that has been 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer shall 
be zero.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
"Subsidiary" means, with respect to any person, any corporation or other 
business entity of which such person owns or controls (either directly or 
through another subsidiary or other subsidiaries) 50 per cent. or more of the 
issued share capital or other ownership interest having ordinary voting power 
to elect directors, managers or trustees of such corporation or other business 
entity (other than capital stock or other ownership interest of any other 
classes which have voting power on the occurrence of any contingency). 
 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the Issuer’s obligations 
under the relevant Covered Bonds to pay the Principal Amount Outstanding 
on the relevant Final Maturity Date may, subject to certain conditions set out 
in Condition 7.1 (Final redemption), be deferred past the Final Maturity Date 
until the extended final maturity date (as specified in the Final Terms) (such 
date, the "Extended Final Maturity Date"). If an Extended Final Maturity 
Date is so specified in the Final Terms of any Series, it must be the date 
falling 46 years after the originally scheduled Final Maturity Date of such 
Series.  In such case, such deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails 
to pay any amount representing the amount due on the Final Maturity Date 
as set out in the Final Terms (the "Final Redemption Amount") in respect 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on its Final Maturity Date.  
Any Series of Covered Bonds (i) that, as provided in Condition 7.1(ii), is 
subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date and in respect of which any 
amount of principal remains unpaid on its Final Maturity Date or (ii) in 
respect of which any amount of principal remains outstanding following an 
Issuer Event and upon the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test 
(and irrespective of whether or not the applicable Final Maturity Date of such 
Series has passed at the time of such breach of Amortisation Test), shall 
become pass-through Covered Bonds ("Pass-Through Covered Bonds") 
subject to redemption as provided in Condition 7.1(ii) or, as applicable, 
Condition 7.1(v), as described below.  
Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds 
To the extent that the Issuer has sufficient monies available under the 
relevant Priority of Payments to repay in full or in part any Principal Amount 
Outstanding on any Pass-Through Covered Bonds, full or partial repayment 
of such Principal Amount Outstanding shall be made as described in 
Condition 7.1 (Redemption and Purchase - Final redemption).  Repayment 
of the unpaid portion of any Principal Amount Outstanding shall be deferred 
automatically until the relevant Final Maturity Date or, as applicable, 
Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that if any amount of principal on 
any such Series of Pass-Through Covered Bonds remains outstanding then, 
among other things, the Issuer will be required on each Interest Payment Date 
until  the relevant Final Maturity Date or, as applicable, Extended Final 
Maturity Date to utilise all amounts available for such purpose to redeem all 
Pass-Through Covered Bonds (together with, as applicable, the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds) on a pro rata basis (to the extent it has Covered 
Bonds Available Funds available and in accordance with the Pre-Event of 
Default Priority of Payments). 
 
A breach of the Amortisation Test (which can only happen after an Issuer 
Event has occurred) will result in all Covered Bonds of all Series being 
required immediately to be treated as Pass-Through Covered Bonds and,

--- Page 77 ---
77 
UK-#752978185v12 
accordingly, redeemed on a pro rata basis in accordance with Condition 
7.1(v) and (vi).  See further “ – Changes to the Cover Pool – Amortisation 
Test” below. 
 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amounts on 
each Interest Payment Date up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) 
will make payments on each relevant Interest Payment Date and Extended 
Final Maturity Date. 
 
In addition, on the first to occur of: 
 
(i) the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds becomes Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds; or 
 
(ii) at any time after an Issuer Event (other than an Issuer Insolvency Event) 
has occurred and is continuing, the Athens Business Day falling six calendar 
months before the Final Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds, 
 
(the first to occur of such dates being, the first (the "Refinance Date"), and 
every second Programme Payment Date falling thereafter being, a 
"Refinance Date"), 
 
the Servicer shall use its best efforts to sell, as soon as possible after such 
first Refinance Date, Selected Loans that are randomly selected by the 
Servicer pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 
provided that the proceeds of such sale are at least sufficient to redeem the 
relevant (or, as applicable, each relevant) Series in full (or, as provided in 
more detail in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, a proportional part 
thereof if only a part of the Selected Loans have been sold). 
 
Such sale and subsequent redemption of the respective Selected Loans may 
only be effected if such sale and redemption do not result in either one or 
both of the following: (a) a breach or, if a breach has already occurred and is 
continuing, a deterioration of the Amortisation Test and/or (b) a breach or, if 
a breach has already occurred and is continuing, a deterioration of any 
Statutory Test. 
 
If the proceeds of such sale would be insufficient to make a full or partial 
redemption payment in respect of the Pass-Through Covered Bonds (and, as 
applicable, the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds) whilst remaining in 
compliance with the Amortisation Test and Statutory Test conditions 
described in the preceding paragraph, then the Servicer shall repeat its 
attempt to sell the Selected Loans on each Refinance Date after the first 
Refinance Date until the proceeds are sufficient to make such a payment 
whilst remaining in compliance with such conditions. The Servicer may not 
at any time sell or offer for sale the Selected Loans for an amount that is less 
than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
Failure by the Issuer to sell the Selected Loans in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed will not constitute an Event of 
Default. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a rating by the 
Rating Agencies. 
Approval, listing 
and admission to 
trading 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier in Luxembourg (the "CSSF") to approve this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme after the date 
hereof to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Covered Bonds may be unlisted or may be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive II, as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. The Final Terms 
relating to each Tranche of the Covered Bonds will state whether or not the 
Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
regulated markets. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear"), and/or Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") in relation to any Series of 
Covered Bonds or any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including the United 
Kingdom, the Hellenic Republic and Luxembourg) and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds.  
Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation 
The Covered Bonds will be issued pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation. 
Governing law 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Trust Deed, the Deed of 
Charge, the Agency Agreement, the Bank Account Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and each Hedging 
Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law. The Asset Monitor Agreement will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Greek Law. 
 
The Covered Bonds will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
English law, save that the Statutory Pledge referred to in Condition 3 (Status 
of the Covered Bonds), will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Greek Law. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL

--- Page 79 ---
79 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Issuer will be entitled 
to create the Statutory Pledge over: 
 
(a) 
eligible assets set out in Article 8(1)(a) of the Covered Bond Law, as 
further supplemented by Section A of Chapter III of the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation, including, but not limited to, the Loan 
Assets; 
 
(b) 
derivative financial instruments limited to hedging agreements 
satisfying the requirements of Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law, 
as supplemented by Section F of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation; 
 
(c) 
deposits with credit institutions (including any cash flows deriving 
therefrom) and any other Substitution Assets (but without double 
counting any Hedging Agreements), provided that such deposits or 
Substitution Assets comply with Article 8 of the Covered Bond Law, 
as supplemented by Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation (including the Transaction Account (and therefore the 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) but excluding the Collection 
Accounts); and 
 
(d) 
Liquid Assets and Marketable Assets, 
 
provided that each of the above assets are either governed by Greek Law which 
the Issuer, by virtue of Registration Statements, has created a Statutory Pledge 
over in accordance with the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, or (if governed 
by a law other than Greek) are subject to a security interest satisfying the 
requirements of Article 14(2) of the Covered Bond Law and of paragraph 5 of 
Section A of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation (each a 
"Cover Pool Asset" and collectively, the "Cover Pool” or the "Cover Pool 
Assets"). 
 
By virtue of the Registration Statement(s) filed with the Athens Pledge 
Registry on or prior to the Issue Date for the first Series of Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer shall segregate the Cover Pool in connection with the issuance of 
Covered Bonds for the satisfaction of the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors. 
 
“DYPA” means the Public Employment Service, previously named the 
Manpower Employment Organisation “OAED”, which succeeded in full the 
Greek Workers Housing Association (“OEK”) by virtue of Greek Law 
4144/2013 and other relevant legislation. 
 
"DYPA Framework Agreement" means the bilateral agreements pursuant to 
which the DYPA pays subsidies to the Issuer in respect of the DYPA 
Subsidised Loans. 
 
"DYPA Subsidised Loans" means those Loans, which for the avoidance of 
doubt are only denominated in Euro, in respect of which the DYPA makes 
payment of Subsidised Interest Amounts pursuant to the applicable laws and 
the DYPA Framework Agreements.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
"State/DYPA Subsidised Loans" means those Loans which are both State 
Subsidised Loans and DYPA Subsidised Loans. 
 
“State Subsidised Loans" means those Loans in respect of which the 
Hellenic Republic makes payment of Subsidised Interest Amounts pursuant 
to all applicable laws. 
 
"Subsidised Loan" means either the DYPA Subsidised Loans, the State 
Subsidised Loans or the State/DYPA Subsidised Loan or Loans subsidised 
by any additional Greek State-owned entity. 
 
"Subsidised Interest Amounts" means the interest subsidy amounts due and 
payable from the Greek State in respect of the State Subsidised Loans and/or 
from the DYPA in respect of the DYPA Subsidised Loans and/or from any 
other Greek State-owned entity in respect of any other Subsidised Loan (as 
the case may be). 
CHANGES TO THE COVER POOL 
Optional changes to 
the Cover Pool 
The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration Statement so 
providing, to: 
 
(a) 
Allocation of Further Assets: allocate to the Cover Pool Additional 
Cover Pool Assets for the purposes of issuing further Series of 
Covered Bonds and/or complying with the Statutory Tests and/or 
maintaining the initial rating(s) assigned to the Covered Bonds 
provided that, with respect to the allocation of New Asset Types in the 
Cover Pool, such Additional Cover Pool Assets that are of a New 
Asset Type comply with the requirements of the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation, the Rating Agencies have been notified in writing of such 
addition and the risk weighting of the Covered Bonds will not be 
negatively affected; and 
 
(b) 
Removal or substitution of Cover Pool Assets: prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not 
also an Issuer Event) and provided that no breach of any Statutory Test 
would occur as a result of such removal or substitution (i) remove 
Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or (ii) substitute existing 
Cover Pool Assets with new Cover Pool Assets, provided that for any 
substitution of New Asset Types, the Rating Agencies have been 
notified in writing of such substitution and the Issuer may only 
allocate to the Cover Pool assets which comply with the requirements 
of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation.  
 
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer in 
accordance with the above shall form part of the Cover Pool ("Additional 
Cover Pool Assets"). 
 
Following the appointment of a Special Administrator, the Special 
Administrator may initiate proceedings in order to return to the Cover Pool

--- Page 81 ---
81 
UK-#752978185v12 
from the insolvency estate of the Issuer any Cover Pool Assets that have been 
removed from the Cover Pool to the insolvency estate of the Issuer.  
 
Upon any addition to the Cover Pool of any Additional Cover Pool Assets 
where the relevant transfer date is also an Issue Date or the Issuer ceases to 
have the Minimum Credit Ratings, the Issuer shall deliver a certificate, or as 
the case may be, procure the delivery of a certificate to the Trustee 
confirming that (i) such Additional Cover Pool Assets comply with the 
Eligibility Criteria and are subject to the Statutory Pledge or to the extent 
such Additional Cover Pool Assets are not governed by Greek Law, security 
has been created over them to the satisfaction of the Trustee and (ii) no Issuer 
Insolvency Event (as defined below) or a breach of any Statutory Test has 
occurred or, as a result of the addition of such Additional Cover Pool Assets 
to the Cover Pool, will occur.  
 
"New Asset Type" means a new type of mortgage loan originated (or 
acquired) by the Issuer, which the Issuer intends to assign to the Cover Pool 
as an Additional Cover Pool Asset, the terms and conditions of which are 
materially different (in the opinion of the Issuer acting reasonably) from any 
of the Cover Pool Assets in the Cover Pool.  For the avoidance of doubt, a 
mortgage loan will not constitute a New Asset Type if it differs from any of 
the Cover Pool Assets in the Cover Pool solely due to it having different 
interest rates and/or interest periods and/or time periods for which it is subject 
to a fixed rate, capped rate or any other interest rate or the benefit of any 
discounts, cash-back and/or rate guarantees. 
 
"Issuer Insolvency Event" means in relation to the Issuer: 
 
(a) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the liquidation 
or winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, except for the purposes of a 
reconstruction, amalgamation or merger or following the transfer of 
all or substantially all of the assets of the relevant entity, the terms of 
which have previously been approved in writing by the Trustee or by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders (of all Series 
taken together as a single Series) or which has been effected in 
compliance with the terms of Condition 18 (Substitution of the Issuer); 
or 
 
(b) 
the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment or shall be unable to, or 
shall admit in writing inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or shall 
be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or shall make a conveyance or assignment for the benefit 
of, or shall enter into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally; or 
 
(c) 
a receiver, trustee or other similar official shall be appointed in relation 
to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or over half of the assets of, the 
Issuer or an encumbrancer shall take possession of the whole or over 
half of the assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or other 
process shall be levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole 
or (in the opinion of the Trustee) a substantial part of the assets of the 
Issuer and in any of the foregoing cases it or he shall not be discharged

--- Page 82 ---
82 
UK-#752978185v12 
within 60 days, other than any trustee, monitoring trustee, 
administrator, receiver, liquidator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
custodian, officer or analogous officer, supervisor or representative of 
the type or appointed in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(d)(ii) below; or 
 
(d) 
(i) the assessment by the Bank of Greece that the conditions of 
paragraph 2 of internal Article 32 or Article 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015 
apply or the imposition on the Issuer of resolution measures in 
accordance with internal Articles 37ff of Article 2 of Greek Law 
4335/2015; and/or (ii) the appointment of any trustee, monitoring 
trustee, administrator, receiver, liquidator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, custodian, officer or analogous officer, supervisor or 
representative appointed or to be appointed by the European Financial 
Stability Facility, the European Stability Mechanism, the Hellenic 
Financial Stability Fund, the Directorate General for Competition, the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism, the Single Resolution Board, the 
European Banking Authority, the Bank of Greece, the Greek Ministry 
of Finance, or any similar, replacement or successor organisation, 
where the main purpose of such appointment is to supervise or monitor, 
or in the future to supervise or monitor in any way the Issuer, in 
consequence of Greece or the Issuer being under a financial support 
scheme or the Issuer being under a resolution scheme, apart from cases 
where such an appointment is performed within the context of a special 
liquidation proceeding applicable to the Issuer; or 
 
(e) 
a supervisor (in Greek epitropos) of the Issuer is appointed in 
accordance with article 137 of Greek Law 4261/2014 or the Issuer is 
placed under special liquidation in accordance with article 145 of 
Greek Law 4261/2014; or 
 
(f) 
any action or step is taken which has a similar effect to the foregoing, 
 
in each case, other than where any of the events set out in (a) to (f) above 
occurs in connection with a substitution of the Issuer in accordance with 
clause 20 of the Trust Deed.  
 
"Minimum Credit Rating" means a long-term and short-term IDR of at least 
BBB+ and F2 respectively by Fitch and a DBRS Morningstar long-term 
issuer rating of at least BBB(low) (or such other ratings which are consistent 
with the published criteria of the Rating Agencies). 
 
Upon the inclusion of CHF denominated Loan Assets in the Cover Pool, the 
Issuer (or the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer) will, subject to notification to 
the Rating Agencies, enter into an FX Rate Swap with an FX Rate Swap 
Provider or any appropriate Hedging Agreements (satisfying the 
requirements of Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law and of Section F of 
Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation) with a Hedging 
Counterparty that has the requisite ratings in order to hedge the currency risk 
in respect of amounts received by the Issuer under the CHF Loan Assets 
and/or the amount payable by the Issuer on the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
UK-#752978185v12 
Disposal of the Loan 
Assets 
In certain circumstances as provided in the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed, the Servicer, or any person appointed by the Servicer, acting in the 
name and on behalf of the Issuer, or the Trustee, as the case may be, will be 
obliged periodically to attempt to sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets in 
accordance with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the Transaction Account 
and applied in accordance with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of 
Payments. 
 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer shall have the right to prevent the sale of 
Loan Assets to third parties by removing the Loan Assets made subject to 
sale from the Cover Pool and transferring to the Transaction Account, an 
amount equal to the price set forth in the applicable offer letter, subject to the 
provision of a solvency certificate. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and/or the service of a 
Notice of Default, the Trustee shall be entitled to direct the Servicer to 
dispose of the Cover Pool. 
Undertakings of the 
Servicer in respect 
of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Issuer and the Servicer (if the 
Servicer is Piraeus Bank) undertake to manage the Cover Pool in the interest 
of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors and undertake 
to take in a timely manner any actions required in order to ensure that the 
servicing of the Loan Assets is conducted in accordance with the collection 
policy and recovery procedure applicable to the Issuer and the Servicer (if 
the Servicer is Piraeus Bank). 
Representations and 
Warranties of the 
Issuer 
Under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer has made and 
will make certain representations and warranties regarding itself and the 
Loan Assets including, inter alia: 
 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the Transaction 
Documents and assume the obligations expressed to be assumed by it 
therein; 
 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of the 
obligations assumed by it; 
 
(iii) the absence of any lien attaching to the Loan Assets; 
 
(iv) its absolute, legal and beneficial title to the Loan Assets; and 
 
(v) 
the validity and enforceability against the relevant Borrowers of the 
Loan Assets. 
Eligibility Criteria 
Each Loan Asset to be included in the Cover Pool shall comply with the 
following criteria (the "Eligibility Criteria"):  
 
(i) 
It is an existing Loan, denominated in Euro or Swiss francs and is 
owed by Borrowers who are individuals.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
(ii) 
It is governed by Greek Law and the terms and conditions of such 
Loan do not provide for the jurisdiction of any court outside Greece. 
 
(iii) 
Each Loan is fully drawn down and the Issuer is not obliged to 
advance any further amounts to the relevant Borrower. 
 
(iv) 
It is secured by a valid and enforceable first ranking Mortgage and/or 
Pre-Notation over property located in Greece that is used for 
residential purposes. 
 
(v) 
Notwithstanding (iv) above, if the Mortgage and/or Pre-Notation is of 
lower ranking, the loans that rank higher have also been originated by 
the Issuer (or, as applicable, are loans the legal and beneficial title to 
which is held by the Issuer) and are included in the Cover Pool. 
 
(vi) 
In respect of any Loan, there are no other loans secured by mortgages 
and/or pre-notations ranking pari passu with the Mortgage and/or 
Pre-Notation securing such Loan. 
 
(vii) Notwithstanding (vi) above, if there are other loans secured by 
mortgages and/or pre-notations ranking pari passu with the Mortgage 
and/or Pre-Notation securing such Loan, such loans have also been 
originated by the Issuer (or, as applicable, are loans the legal and 
beneficial title to which is held by the Issuer) and are included in the 
Cover Pool. 
 
(viii) Only completed properties secure the Loan. 
 
(ix) 
(A) In the case of Loans originated by the Issuer, all lending criteria 
and preconditions applied by the Issuer’s credit policy and customary 
lending procedures have been satisfied with regards to the granting of 
such Loan and (B) in the case of Loans acquired by the Issuer, each 
Loan has been administered by the Issuer from the date of acquisition 
according to a level of skill, care and diligence of a reasonable, 
prudent mortgage lender. 
 
(x) 
The purpose of such Loan is either to buy, construct or renovate a 
property or refinance a loan granted by another bank for one of these 
purposes. 
 
(xi) 
It is either a fixed or floating rate loan or a combination of both. 
Compliance with 
Statutory Tests 
The Servicer shall verify as of each Applicable Calculation Date and each 
Issue Date that the Cover Pool satisfies the Nominal Value Test, the NPV 
Test and the Interest Cover Test (collectively, the "Statutory Tests" and 
each a "Statutory Test"). 
 
“Applicable Calculation Date” means: 
(a) in respect of the Nominal Value Test, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event, each Calculation Date and following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event, each Monthly Calculation Date; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
UK-#752978185v12 
(b) in respect of the NPV Test and the Interest Cover Test, each Calculation 
Date.  
 
"Calculation Date" means the Athens Business Day which falls three 
Athens Business Days prior to each Programme Payment Date. 
 
"Monthly Calculation Date" means, following an Issuer Event, any 
Calculation Date and the 13th day of February, March, May, June, August, 
September, November and December and, if any such day is not an Athens 
Business Day, the first Athens Business Day thereafter. 
Statutory Tests 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Cover Pool is subject 
to the Statutory Tests set out in the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation. Failure of the Issuer to cure a breach of any one 
of the Statutory Tests within five Athens Business Days will result in the 
Issuer not being able to issue further Covered Bonds. The Statutory Tests 
will include the following: 
 
(a) 
"The Nominal Value Test":  The Issuer must ensure that on each 
Applicable Calculation Date, the Nominal Value of the Cover Pool is 
equal to or greater than 105% of the aggregate of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds.  
 
The “Nominal Value” of the Cover Pool is an amount equal to: 
A+B+LB 
where, in each case calculating the relevant values and amounts as at the last 
calendar day of the immediately preceding calendar month: 
“A” 
= the “Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance” of each Loan in 
the Cover Pool, which shall be the lower of: 
(a) the Euro Equivalent of the actual Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the relevant Loan in the Cover Pool (as calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of this Deed), provided that, if 
the Euro Equivalent of the aggregate actual Outstanding 
Principal Balance of all Loans denominated in Swiss francs 
exceeds twenty per cent of the Euro Equivalent of the aggregate 
actual Outstanding Principal Balance of all Loans comprising the 
Cover Pool, then such amount of the EuroEquivalent of the 
aggregate actual Outstanding Principal Balance of such Loans 
denominated in Swiss francs as exceeds twenty per cent of the 
Euro Equivalent of the aggregate actual Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Loans comprised in the Cover Pool will be given 
a value of zero; and 
(b) the Euro Equivalent of the latest of either the physical valuation 
or the Residential Property Index of the Bank of Greece 
Valuation of the residential property securing that Loan or any 
other valuation method the Bank of Greece applies multiplied by 
0.80, less the Outstanding Principal Balance of any higher 
ranking Loan if such Loan is a second or lower ranking Loan,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
UK-#752978185v12 
provided that such Loan can never be given a value of less than 
zero. 
“B”  
= outstanding principal balance of the Substitution Assets, Liquid 
Assets (other than any Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Ledger) and the Marketable Assets and the mark to market 
value of any Hedging Agreements included in the Cover Pool, in each case 
without double counting. 
“LB” = the outstanding principal balance of all Liquid Assets standing to 
the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger. 
 
"Substitution Assets" means assets meeting the definition set out in Article 
5(15) of the Covered Bond Law. 
 
"Liquid Assets" means the following types of assets set out in Article 18(3) 
of the Covered Bond Law, segregated in accordance with Article 14 of the 
Covered Bond Law, (including the Transaction Account and therefore the 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) but excluding the Collection Accounts): 
(a) assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant 
to the delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (other than exposures 
to securitisations, as the term "securitisation" is defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402)), that are valued in accordance with 
that delegated regulation, and are not issued by the Issuer, its 
parent undertaking, other than a public sector entity that is not a 
credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent 
undertaking; and 
(b) short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 1 or 2, or short-term deposits to credit institutions 
that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance with 
Article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, 
provided that the same shall be denominated in Euro or CHF. 
 
“Marketable Assets” has the meaning given to that term in the Act of the 
Monetary Policy Council of the Bank of Greece Act No. 96/22.04.2015, as 
in force and which comply with the requirements for Eligible Investments. 
 
"Residential Property Index of the Bank of Greece Valuation" means the 
index of movements in house prices issued by the Bank of Greece in relation 
to residential properties in Greece 
 
(b) 
"The NPV Test": The Issuer must ensure that on each Applicable 
Calculation Date, the Net Present Value of the Cover Pool is greater 
than the Net Present Value of the Covered Bond Liabilities, as 
determined in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed. 
 
The “Net Present Value of the Cover Pool” is an amount equal to: 
A+B+LB

--- Page 87 ---
87 
UK-#752978185v12 
where, in each case calculating the relevant values and amounts as at the last 
calendar day of the immediately preceding calendar month: 
“A” 
= the net present value of Loans comprised in the Cover Pool, 
assuming for such purposes that each Loan has a nominal principal value 
equal to its Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance.  
“B” 
= net present value of any Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets (other 
than any Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger), Marketable Assets and Hedging Agreements included in the Cover 
Pool, in each case without double counting. 
“LB” = the net present value of all Liquid Assets standing to the credit of 
the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger. 
 
The “Net Present Value of the Covered Bond Liabilities” is an amount 
equal to: 
C+L 
where, in each case calculating the relevant values and amounts as at the last 
calendar day of the immediately preceding calendar month: 
“C” 
= the net present value of all Series of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding.  
“L”  
= the Lump Sum Amount 
 
“Lump Sum Amount” means the expected costs of the maintenance and 
management of the liquidation of the Programme as determined in 
accordance with Article G paragraph 1 of Chapter III of the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation, in an amount equal to 1 per cent of the aggregate 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
 
The NPV Test must also be satisfied under the assumption of parallel shifts 
of the yield curve by +/- 200 basis points. 
 
On each Applicable Calculation Date, the Servicer shall determine whether 
the Net Present Value of any Interest Rate Swap, any FX Swaps, any Covered 
Bond Swaps and the Transaction Account (if not held with the Issuer) are in 
aggregate less than or equal to the limits applicable under paragraphs 1(c) and 
1a of Article 129 of the CRR as at the last calendar day of the calendar month 
immediately preceding the relevant Applicable Calculation Date. 
 
(c) "The Interest Cover Test": The Issuer must ensure that on each 
Applicable Calculation Date, the Interest Income of the Cover 
Pool is greater than the Interest Liabilities of the Covered Bonds.  
 
The “Interest Income of the Cover Pool” is an amount equal to: 
A+B+LB 
where, in each case calculating the relevant values and amounts as at the last 
calendar day of the immediately preceding calendar month: 
“A” 
= the interest expected to be received on the Adjusted Outstanding 
Principal Balances of the Loans comprised in the Cover Pool during the 12

--- Page 88 ---
88 
UK-#752978185v12 
months immediately following last calendar day of the calendar month 
immediately preceding such Applicable Calculation Date.  
“B” 
= the interest expected to be received during the 12 months 
immediately following last calendar day of the calendar month immediately 
preceding such Applicable Calculation Date on any Substitution Assets, 
Liquid Assets (other than any Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger), Marketable Assets and any Hedging 
Agreements included in the Cover Pool, in each case without double 
counting. 
“LB” = the interest expected to be received during the 12 months 
immediately following last calendar day of the calendar month immediately 
preceding such Applicable Calculation Date on all Liquid Assets standing to 
the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger. 
 
The “Interest Liabilities of the Covered Bonds” is an amount equal to: 
C+D 
where, in each case calculating the relevant values and amounts as at the last 
calendar day of the immediately preceding calendar month: 
“C” 
= the interest expected to be paid during the 12 months immediately 
following last calendar day of the calendar month immediately preceding 
such Applicable Calculation Date on all Series of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding.  
“D” 
= the interest expected to be paid under any Hedging Agreements 
during the 12 months immediately following the last calendar day of the 
calendar month immediately preceding such Applicable Calculation Date. 
 
For the purposes of the Statutory Tests set out above: 
 
(a) 
in accordance with Section A paragraph 3 of Chapter III of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, the limits referred to in paragraph 
1a of Article 129 of the CRR shall not apply to exposures which are 
included in the Cover Pool to exclusively satisfy the liquidity 
requirements of the Covered Bonds. Notwithstanding this relaxation of 
the limits that would otherwise apply in respect of Substitution Assets, 
Section H paragraph 3 of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation imposes an overall limit of 15% (of the nominal value of all 
outstanding Covered Bonds) on the value of Substitution Assets that may 
form part of the Cover Pool at any time, including any assets which form 
part of the balance standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger from time to time; 
 
(b) 
Loans secured by residential or commercial real estate property, as 
specified in points (d) and (f) of paragraph 1 of Article 129 of the CRR 
shall, if such properties are under construction, not exceed 10 per cent. 
of the nominal value of the Cover Pool as at the last calendar day of the 
immediately preceding calendar month, in accordance with Section A 
paragraph 6 of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
(c) 
Section H paragraph 3 of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation imposes an overall limit of 15% of the Euro Equivalent of 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds on the 
value of Substitution Assets that may form part of the Cover Pool at any 
time, including any assets which represent the balance standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger from time to time;  
 
(d) 
in accordance with Section G paragraph 3 of Chapter III of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation the value of each Hedging 
Agreement shall be determined on the basis of the net present value of 
each such Hedging Agreement and it shall be taken into account in 
conducting the Statutory Tests and the limits provided for in paragraph 
1a of Article 129 of the CRR; 
 
(e) 
where a default in respect of a Cover Pool Asset has occurred pursuant 
to Article 178 of the CRR or a Cover Pool Asset has been in default for 
a period exceeding ninety (90) days, the value of such Cover Pool Asset 
shall not be included in the calculation of the value and cash in-flows of 
the Cover Pool for the purposes of any of the Statutory Tests; 
 
(f) 
the exposures stated in paragraph 1(b) of Article 129 of the CRR that 
qualify for the credit quality step 2 stated in Chapter 2 of Title II of Part 
3 of the CRR shall be excluded from the Cover Pool even if they do not 
exceed 20% of the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of all Series of Covered Bonds;  
 
(g) 
Marketable Assets are allowed to be included in the Cover Pool and may 
be taken into account for the purposes of the Statutory Tests only for the 
purposes of overcollateralization; 
 
(h) 
any amounts received from Borrowers which represent the cost to the 
Issuer of Levy in respect of such Loans shall be excluded from the 
calculations of the Statutory Tests; and  
 
(i) 
for the avoidance of doubt, any cash amounts standing to the credit of 
the Collection Accounts shall not comprise part of the Cover Pool for 
the purposes of the Statutory Tests.  
 
In calculating the Nominal Value, the Net Present Value and the Interest 
Income of the Cover Pool, all amounts denominated in a currency other than 
Euro shall be converted into Euro on the basis of the exchange rates 
published by the ECB as at the last calendar day of the calendar month 
immediately preceding the relevant Applicable Calculation Date. 
 
Additionally, for the purposes of the Statutory Tests: 
 
(a) the Servicer shall not take into account any Loan in respect of which the 
Issuer is in breach of the Representations and Warranties under schedule 
3 of Servicing and Cash Management Deed; and 
 
(b) the value of any non Euro assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall be 
converted into Euro on the basis of the exchange rate published by the 
ECB on the date as at which the Servicer makes calculations for the 
purposes of the relevant Statutory Test.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
UK-#752978185v12 
Breach of Statutory 
Tests 
If, on any Calculation Date, Issue Date or, following an Issuer Event, 
Monthly Calculation Date, any one or more of the Statutory Tests being 
tested on such date is or are not satisfied, the Issuer must take action to cure 
any breach(es) of the relevant Statutory Tests within five Athens Business 
Days, failing which an Issuer Event will occur. 
 
The Issuer or (where Piraeus Bank is not the Servicer) the Servicer, as the 
case may be, will immediately notify the Trustee of any breach of any of the 
Statutory Tests. 
 
In the event that the Issuer breaches any Statutory Test, the Issuer will not 
be permitted to issue any further Covered Bonds until such time as such 
Statutory Test breach has been cured. 
Amortisation Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests and pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event and so long as 
an Event of Default has not occurred, the Cover Pool will be subject to an 
amortisation test (the "Amortisation Test"). The Amortisation Test is 
intended to ensure that the Cover Pool Assets are sufficient to meet the 
obligations under all Covered Bonds outstanding together with senior 
expenses that rank in priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered 
Bonds. The Amortisation Test shall be deemed to be breached if the 
Nominal Value is less than the Euro Equivalent of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds together with senior expenses 
that rank in priority to or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds 
as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month. 
 
The Statutory Tests and Amortisation Test will be tested by the Servicer or 
Replacement Servicer (as the case may be) on each Calculation Date 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event. 
 
A breach of the Amortisation Test (which can only happen after an Issuer 
Event has occurred) will result in all Covered Bonds of all Series being 
required immediately to be treated as Pass-Through Covered Bonds, with 
the Issuer being required, accordingly, on each Interest Payment Date 
thereafter to utilise all amounts available for such purpose (to the extent it 
has Covered Bonds Available Funds available for such purpose and in 
accordance with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments) to redeem 
all Covered Bonds of all Series on a pro rata basis in accordance with 
Condition 7.1(v) and (vi). See further “ – Programme Description – Pass-
Through Covered Bonds” above. 
 
The Servicer will immediately notify the Trustee of any breach of the 
Amortisation Test. 
Amendment to 
definitions 
Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, the definitions of Cover Pool, Cover Pool Asset, 
Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and Amortisation Test may be amended 
by the Issuer from time to time, subject to Greek Covered Bond Legislation, 
without the consent of the Trustee only as a consequence of the inclusion in 
the Cover Pool of a New Asset Type and/or changes to the hedging policies 
or servicing and collection provedures of the Issuer and/or as a result of any

--- Page 91 ---
91 
UK-#752978185v12 
updates, amendments supplements or replacements to the Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation, provided that the Rating Agencies have been notified in 
writing of such amendment. 
Issuer Events 
Prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of an Event of Default, if any of 
the following events (each, an "Issuer Event") occurs: 
 
(a) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event, other than an Issuer Insolvency Event 
relating to a resolution referred to in paragraph (d) of the definition of 
“Issuer Insolvency Event”; or 
 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds on the due date for payment thereof and such 
failure continues for a period of seven Athens Business Days; or 
 
(c) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any 
obligation, condition or provision binding on it (other than any 
obligation for the payment of amounts due under the Covered Bonds 
or Coupons of any Series) under the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge 
or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party 
which, in the opinion of the Trustee, would have a materially 
prejudicial effect on the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series, and (except where such default is or the effects of such default 
are, in the opinion of the Trustee, not capable of remedy when no such 
continuation and notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
such default continues for 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) after written notice has been given by the Trustee 
to the Issuer requiring the default to be remedied; or 
 
(d) 
any present or future indebtedness in respect of moneys borrowed or 
raised in an amount of €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) or more (other than indebtedness under this 
Programme) of the Issuer becomes due and payable prior to the stated 
maturity thereof as extended by any grace period originally applicable 
thereto; or if any present or future guarantee of, or indemnity given 
by the Issuer in respect of, such indebtedness is not honoured when 
called upon or within any grace period originally applicable thereto; 
or 
 
(e) 
if there is a breach of a Statutory Test on a relevant Applicable 
Calculation Date or Issue Date and such breach is not remedied within 
five Athens Business Days; or 
 
(f) 
if it is or will (in the opinion of the Trustee, acting reasonably and 
having taken legal advice in the form of a legal opinion from a 
reputable firm of lawyers or a reputable legal expert) become 
unlawful or illegal for the Issuer to comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds or any of the Transaction 
Documents where such unlawfulness or illegality is not, or cannot be, 
remedied within 30 days after written notice has been given by the 
Trustee to the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied,

--- Page 92 ---
92 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
then (for so long as such Issuer Event is continuing) (i) no further Covered 
Bonds will be issued, (ii) the Servicer will procure that any and all payments 
due from Borrowers under the Cover Pool Assets are paid henceforth 
directly to the Transaction Account or the Third Party Collection Account, 
as applicable, in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed, (iii) all collections of principal and interest on the Cover Pool Assets 
will be dedicated exclusively to the payment of interest and repayment of 
principal on the Covered Bonds and to the fulfilment of the obligations of 
the Issuer vis-à-vis the Secured Creditors in accordance with the Pre-Event 
of Default Priority of Payments, (iv) if Piraeus Bank is the Servicer, its 
appointment as Servicer will be terminated and a Replacement Servicer will 
be appointed pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management 
Deed and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, (v) the Servicer, or, as 
applicable, the Replacement Servicer, appointed pursuant to the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, 
(vi) if the Issuer Event is also an Issuer Insolvency Event, a Special 
Administrator will be appointed pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation and (vii) 
if the Issuer Event is not an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Servicer or, as 
applicable, the Replacement Servicer appointed pursuant to the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation 
will be obliged periodically to attempt to sell in whole or in part the Loan 
Assets in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed. 
Liquid Assets, 
Substitution Assets 
and Marketable 
Assets 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer is 
entitled to draw sums from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account for effecting investments in Liquid Assets, 
Substitution Assets or Marketable Assets. 
Servicing and 
collection 
procedures 
The Servicer will be responsible for the servicing of the Cover Pool, 
including, inter alia, for the following activities: 
 
(a) 
collection and recovery in respect of each Cover Pool Asset; 
 
(b) 
administration and management of the Cover Pool; 
 
(c) 
management of any judicial or extra judicial proceeding connected to 
the Cover Pool; 
 
(d) 
keeping accounting records of the amounts due and collected under 
the Loan Assets and any Hedging Agreements; 
 
(e) 
preparation of quarterly reports (to be submitted to the Trustee, the 
Asset Monitor and the Rating Agencies) on the amounts due by 
debtors, and on the collections and recoveries made in respect of the 
Loan Assets and any Hedging Agreements and any other reports or 
other information provision requirements set out in the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation; and 
 
(f) 
carrying out the reconciliation of the amounts due and the amounts 
effectively paid by the debtors under the Loans on the relevant 
Programme Payment Date.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
UK-#752978185v12 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOW STRUCTURE: 
Payments on 
the Covered 
Bonds 
Prior to the occurrence of a Segregation Event and an Issuer Event, on each 
Interest Payment Date, the Issuer will apply any funds available to it 
(including but not limited to, funds arising in relation to the assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool) to pay amounts due and payable on the Covered Bonds. 
 
Following the occurrence of a Segregation Event but prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event, the Servicer will apply the amounts standing to the credit 
of the Transaction Account and the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Collection Accounts to pay or make provision for the payment of all Senior 
Amounts. Any Excess Amount will remain available to the Issuer to use at 
its discretion. 
 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event (or, if any Covered Bonds become 
Pass-Through Covered Bonds, for so long as there is any Principal Amount 
Outstanding on any Pass-Through Covered Bonds), but prior to service of a 
Notice of Default, on each Programme Payment Date, the Servicer will 
apply the Covered Bonds Available Funds in accordance with the Pre-Event 
of Default Priority of Payments. 
 
After the service of a Notice of Default, all funds deriving from the Cover 
Pool Assets, the Transaction Documents and standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account shall be applied on any Athens Business Day in 
accordance with the Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Segregation 
Event and 
Collection 
Accounts 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if 
the same is not also an Issuer Event), Piraeus Bank will deposit on a daily 
basis within one Athens Business Day of receipt, all collections of interest, 
principal and any other monies that it receives on the Cover Pool Assets 
(excluding any Subsidy Payments and all monies received from (without 
double counting) Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets and Marketable Assets, 
if any, included in the Cover Pool) in respect of amounts denominated in 
euro, the segregated euro-denominated account maintained at Piraeus Bank 
(the "EUR Collection Account") and, in respect of amounts denominated 
in Swiss francs, a segregated Swiss franc-denominated account maintained 
at Piraeus Bank (the "CHF Collection Account" and, together with the EUR 
Collection Account, the "Collection Accounts" and each a "Collection 
Account". Piraeus Bank will not commingle any of its own funds and 
general assets with amounts standing to the credit of the Collection 
Accounts. For the avoidance of doubt, any cash amounts standing to the 
credit of the Collection Accounts shall not comprise part of the Cover Pool 
for purposes of the Statutory Tests. 
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if 
the same is not also an Issuer Event), the Servicer shall procure that all 
Subsidy Payments received from the DYPA and/or the Greek State or any 
other Greek State-owned entity in respect of the Subsidised Loans will be 
deducted from the applicable Subsidy Bank Account and paid into the EUR 
Collection Account within one Athens Business Day of receipt.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
All amounts deposited in, and standing to the credit of, the Collection 
Accounts shall constitute segregated property distinct from all other property 
of Piraeus Bank pursuant to Article 14 of the Covered Bond Law, and such 
amounts received from the Loan Assets are also subject to the Statutory 
Pledge. 
 
Prior to a reduction in the long-term or short-term IDR of Piraeus Bank to 
or below the relevant Minimum Credit Rating (such occurrence, a 
"Segregation Event"), Piraeus Bank will be entitled to draw sums from time 
to time standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts in addition to any 
funds available to it for any purpose including to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
Following the occurrence of a Segregation Event but prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an 
Issuer Event): 
(i)  
all amounts deposited shall remain in the Collection Accounts for the 
benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds and the other Secured 
Creditors (subject to paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below); 
(ii)  
Piraeus Bank shall no longer be entitled to withdraw moneys from the 
Collection Accounts other than for the purpose of: 
(a)  transferring funds to the Transaction Account; or  
(b) making payment (or provision for the payment) of Senior 
Amounts; 
(iii) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts on any 
Programme Payment Date after payment (or provision has been made 
for the payment) of all Senior Amounts then due or falling due prior 
to the next Programme Payment Date in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed (the "Excess Amount") shall 
be available to Piraeus Bank. 
 
If Piraeus Bank’s rating(s) are reinstated above the level at which a 
Segregation Event occurs and so long as no Issuer Event or an Issuer 
Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an Issuer Event) has occurred and 
is continuing, then Piraeus Bank will be entitled to draw sums standing to 
the credit of the Collection Accounts in addition to any funds available to it 
for any purpose including to make payments on the Covered Bonds. 
 
"Senior Amounts" means, on any day, (i) all amounts then due for payment 
on the Covered Bonds, (ii) all other payments then due which rank senior to 
or pari passu with the payments on the Covered Bonds (by reference to 
paragraphs (a) to (f) of the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments) and 
(iii) any sums required to be transferred to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger during the relevant Programme Payment Period. 
 
"Subsidy Bank Account" means the DYPA Savings Account, the Piraeus 
Bank of Greece Account and any other bank accounts in the name of the 
DYPA, the Greek State or any other Greek State-owned entity maintained in 
respect of the Subsidised Loans with either the Bank of Greece, Piraeus

--- Page 95 ---
95 
UK-#752978185v12 
Bank, the Replacement Servicer, or if the Replacement Servicer is not a 
Credit Institution, with the Credit Institution appointed by such Replacement 
Servicer in accordance with Servicing and Cash Management Deed, as 
applicable. 
 
"Subsidy Payments" means the aggregate of all amounts actually received 
from the DYPA, the Greek State and any other Greek State-owned entity 
representing the Subsidised Interest Amounts in respect of the Subsidised 
Loans comprised in the Cover Pool. 
 
"Piraeus Bank of Greece Account" means the bank account maintained by 
the Issuer with the Bank of Greece in respect of State Subsidised Loans. 
Transaction 
Account 
A Euro-denominated account has been established in the name of the Issuer 
with the Account Bank (the "Transaction Account").  
All monies received from (without double counting) Substitution Assets, 
Liquid Assets and Marketable Assets, if any, included in the Cover Pool will 
be deposited into the Transaction Account.  
Prior to the occurrence of a Segregation Event or an Issuer Event or Issuer 
Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an Issuer Event), Piraeus Bank will 
be entitled to withdraw amounts from time to time standing to the credit of 
the Transaction Account, if any, that are in excess of the sum of (i) any cash 
amounts required to satisfy the Statutory Tests and (ii) the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger Required Amount.  
Following the occurrence of a Segregation Event but prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an 
Issuer Event), Piraeus Bank shall no longer be entitled to withdraw moneys 
from the Transaction Account other than for purposes of making payment of 
all Senior Amounts falling due during the next Programme Payment Period.  
If Piraeus Bank’s rating(s) are reinstated above the level at which a 
Segregation Event occurs, and so long as no Issuer Event or an Issuer 
Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an Issuer Event) has occurred and 
is continuing, then Piraeus Bank will be entitled to withdraw amounts from 
time to time standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, if any, that 
are in excess of the sum of (i) any cash amounts required to satisfy the 
Statutory Tests and (ii) the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger Required 
Amount. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event 
(if the same is not also an Issuer Event), (i) the Servicer shall procure that 
within two Athens Business Days after the occurrence of such Issuer Event 
or Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an Issuer Event), all 
collections of principal and interest on deposit in the Collection Accounts 
(or the Third Party Collection Account (as defined below)) be transferred to 
the Transaction Account and (ii) the Servicer shall, in accordance with the 
terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, and the Trustee is 
entitled in its absolute discretion to, provide notification to all Borrowers and 
their guarantors (if applicable) that any and all future payments due under 
the Loan Assets are henceforth to be effected directly to a bank account 
opened in the name of the Issuer with the Replacement Servicer, a Greek

--- Page 96 ---
96 
UK-#752978185v12 
credit institution or a Greek branch of a foreign credit institution whose long-
term and short-term IDR are at least A and F1 by Fitch and BBB(low) by 
DBRS Morningstar (or such other ratings which are consistent with the 
published criteria of the Rating Agencies), or with any other credit institution 
approved by the Trustee (acting upon the advice of a suitably qualified expert 
and/or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting 
of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding) (the 
"Third Party Collection Account"). All amounts deposited in and standing 
to the credit of the Third Party Collection Account are subject to the 
Statutory Pledge. The Replacement Servicer shall procure that all amounts 
deposited into the Third Party Collection Account shall be transferred to the 
Transaction Account within two Athens Business Days of receipt. 
Following an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not 
also an Issuer Event), the Transaction Account will be used for the crediting 
of, inter alia, moneys received in respect of the Cover Pool Assets included 
in the Cover Pool or to effect a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
including the following amounts: 
 
(a) all amounts required to be credited to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger; 
 
(b) any amount received by the Issuer or the Servicer in respect of the Loan 
Assets and the Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets or Marketable Assets; 
 
(c) any Subsidy Payments received from the DYPA and/or the Greek State 
and/or any other Greek State-owned entity; 
 
(d) any amounts received by the Issuer for effecting payments on the 
Covered Bonds; 
 
(e) all amounts received by the Issuer to effect an optional substitution of 
Cover Pool Assets (including any amount deposited by the Issuer to 
prevent a sale of the Selected Loans to a third party); 
 
(f) any amounts received (without double counting any other amount 
referred to in this section) by the Servicer in connection with the sale of 
a Cover Pool Asset; 
 
(g) all amounts received by the Issuer pursuant to any Hedging Agreements 
(other than Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts (if any)); and 
 
(h) any amounts deriving from (without double counting) the maturity or 
liquidation of Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets or Marketable Assets. 
 
The Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will maintain records in relation 
to the Transaction Account in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event 
(if the same is not also an Issuer Event), the Issuer shall transfer any 
amounts it receives in respect of any Cover Pool Assets to the Transaction 
Account within two Athens Business Days of receipt.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
The Transaction Account will be maintained with the Account Bank for as 
long as the Account Bank is an Eligible Institution. 
 
"Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger" means the ledger of such name on the 
Transaction Account maintained by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed. 
 
“Liquidity Buffer Reserve Withdrawal Amount” means on each 
Programme Payment Date following an Issuer Event (or, if any Covered 
Bonds become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, on each Programme 
Payment Date in the period during which there is any Principal Amount 
Outstanding on any Pass-Through Covered Bonds) but prior to the delivery 
of a Notice of Default, a drawing from the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
to be applied as Covered Bonds Available Funds in accordance with the 
Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments, if and to the extent that there are 
insufficient Covered Bonds Available Funds to make payment of the 
amounts referred to in sub-paragraph (i) below on the relevant Programme 
Payment Date, in an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) the amount required 
for payment in full of paragraphs (a) to (e) (inclusive) of the Pre-Event of 
Default Priority of Payments (without double counting) on the relevant 
Programme Payment Date and if the Extended Final Maturity Date of any 
Series of Covered Bonds falls on or after such Programme Payment Date 
but before the next Programme Payment Date, the amount required to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds; 
and (ii) the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger on the relevant Programme Date. 
Covered Bonds 
Available Funds 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event (or, if any Covered Bonds 
become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, for so long as there is any Principal 
Amount Outstanding on any Pass-Through Covered Bonds), payments on 
the relevant Covered Bonds (or, following a breach of Amortisation Test, 
payments on all Covered Bonds of all Series) will be made from the 
Covered Bonds Available Funds in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
 
"Covered Bonds Available Funds" means, in respect of any Programme 
Payment Date, at any relevant time, the aggregate of: 
 
(a) 
all amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account at the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date (other than amounts 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger); 
 
(b) 
all amounts (if any) paid or to be paid on or prior to such Programme 
Payment Date by the Hedging Counterparties into the Transaction 
Account pursuant to any Hedging Agreement(s); 
 
(c) 
all amounts of interest paid on the Transaction Account during the 
Programme 
Payment 
Period 
immediately 
preceding 
such 
Programme Payment Date; 
 
(d) 
the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Withdrawal Amount; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
(e) 
all amounts deriving from (without double counting) repayment at 
maturity or liquidation of any Marketable Assets, Liquid Assets or 
Substitution Assets on or prior to such Programme Payment Date. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
 
(i) 
should there be any duplication in the amounts included in the 
different items of the Covered Bonds Available Funds above, the 
Servicer shall avoid such duplication when calculating the Covered 
Bonds Available Funds; and 
 
(ii) 
the Covered Bonds Available Funds will not include (A) any early 
termination amount received by the Issuer under a Hedging 
Agreement, but only to the extent that such amount is to be applied 
in acquiring a replacement Hedging Agreement; (B) any Excess 
Swap Collateral or Swap Collateral, except to the extent that the 
value of such Swap Collateral has been applied, pursuant to the 
provisions of the relevant Hedging Agreement, to reduce the amount 
that would otherwise be payable by the Hedging Counterparty to the 
Issuer on early termination of the Hedging Agreement and, to the 
extent so applied in reduction of the amount otherwise payable by the 
Hedging Counterparty, such Swap Collateral is not to be applied in 
acquiring a replacement swap (the "Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts"); (C) any premium received by the Issuer from a 
replacement Hedging Counterparty in respect of a replacement 
Hedging Agreement, to the extent it is to be used to make any 
termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to 
the previous Hedging Agreement; and (D) any tax credits received 
by the Issuer in respect of an Hedging Agreement used to reimburse 
the relevant Hedging Counterparty for any gross-up in respect of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature (and wherever imposed) made under the relevant Hedging 
Agreement. 
 
"Programme Payment Period" means the period from (and including) a 
Programme Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Programme Payment 
Period, the Programme Closing Date) to (but excluding) the next 
Programme Payment Date. 
 
"Excess Swap Collateral" means, in respect of a Hedging Agreement, an 
amount (which will be transferred directly to the Hedging Counterparty in 
accordance with the Hedging Agreement) equal to the amount by which the 
value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) provided by 
the Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Hedging Agreement 
exceeds the Hedging Counterparty's liability under the Hedging Agreement 
(such liability determined as if no collateral had been provided) as at the 
date of termination of the Hedging Agreement or which it is otherwise 
entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the Hedging Agreement. 
 
"Swap Collateral" means, at any time, any asset (including, without 
limitation, cash and/or securities) other than Excess Swap Collateral, which

--- Page 99 ---
99 
UK-#752978185v12 
is paid or transferred by a Hedging Counterparty to the Issuer as collateral 
in respect of the performance by such Hedging Counterparty of its 
obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement together with any 
income or distributions received in respect of such asset and any equivalent 
of such asset into which such asset is transformed. 
 
Events of Default 
If one of the following events occurs and is continuing (an "Event of 
Default"): 
 
(a) 
on the Final Maturity Date (in the case of any Series of Covered  Bonds 
where no Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) or Extended Final Maturity Date (in the case of any 
Series of Covered Bonds where an Extended Final Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), as applicable, in respect of 
any Series of Covered Bonds or on any Interest Payment Date or any 
earlier date for redemption on which principal thereof is due and 
repayable, there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on such 
Covered Bonds on such date and such default is not remedied within 
a period of seven Athens Business Days from the due date thereof; or 
 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount 
of interest due on any Series of Covered Bonds occurs and such default 
is not remedied within a period of 14 Athens Business Days from the 
due date thereof; 
 
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice in writing from the Principal 
Paying Agent or any Covered Bondholder of such  Event of Default, serve 
a notice (a "Notice of Default") on the Issuer. 
 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds of each 
Series shall become immediately due and payable. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall be entitled 
to direct the Servicer to dispose of the Cover Pool Assets.  
Priority of 
Payments prior to 
the delivery of a 
Notice of Default 
At any time upon or after the occurrence of any Issuer Event (or, if any 
Covered Bonds become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, for so long as there 
is any Principal Amount Outstanding on any Pass-Through Covered Bonds), 
but prior to the delivery of a Notice of Default, the Servicer shall apply all 
Covered Bonds Available Funds (which funds shall include all amounts 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account other than amounts 
provided for any Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds on any previous 
Programme Payment Date pursuant to paragraph (g) below) on each 
Programme Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions 
in the following order of priority (the "Pre-Event of Default Priority of 
Payments") (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due and payable or 
to become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date 
to the Trustee or any Appointee (including, remuneration or amounts

--- Page 100 ---
100 
UK-#752978185v12 
by way of indemnity payable to it) under the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or any other Transaction Document together with interest and 
applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided 
therein; 
 
(b) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof to pay any additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and 
payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such 
amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date, properly incurred in respect of any notice 
to be given to any parties in accordance with any of the Transaction 
Documents or to the Covered Bondholders; 
 
(c) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, to pay all amounts due and payable on the Programme 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due 
and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date, to the 
Account Bank and the Agents under the Bank Account Agreement 
and the Agency Agreement, respectively;  
 
(d) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof to pay (i) all amounts due and payable on the Programme 
Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due 
and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date (and for which 
payment has not been provided for elsewhere in this Pre-Event of 
Default Priority of Payments), to any Secured Creditors other than the 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, the Agents, the Account 
Bank, the Trustee and any Appointee and other than any amount due 
to be paid, or that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date, to the Hedging Counterparties under the 
Hedging Agreements and (ii) to the Servicer an amount equal to any 
amount representing the cost of Levy in respect of any Loans received 
from Borrowers, such amount to be used by the Servicer towards 
satisfaction of the Issuer's obligation to pay any Levy; 
 
(e) 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts 
thereof (i) to pay all amounts of interest due and payable on the 
Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date 
on any Covered Bonds and Coupons and (ii) to pay any amounts due 
and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date under any Hedging Agreement other than 
Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties 
under any such Hedging Agreements; 
 
(f) 
sixth, for as long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to credit 
the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger with an amount equal to the 
difference between the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger Required 
Amount and the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer

--- Page 101 ---
101 
UK-#752978185v12 
Reserve Ledger after having made the payments under paragraphs (a) 
to (e) above; 
 
(g) 
seventh, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts 
thereof to pay (i) all amounts of principal due and payable on the 
Programme Payment Date on any Covered Bonds, to provide for all 
amounts of principal that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date (if any), on any Covered Bonds or, in 
respect of any Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds with a Final Maturity 
Date falling on such Programme Payment Date or falling on any date 
during the Programme Payment Period starting on such Programme 
Payment Date or during the next following Programme Payment 
Period (and only to the extent that such amounts have not already been 
provided for in full) to provide for all amounts of principal that will 
become due and payable on the Final Maturity Date of such Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds and (ii) the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
any Pass-Through Covered Bonds; 
 
(h) 
eighth, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, any 
remaining Covered Bonds Available Funds will remain standing to 
the credit of the Transaction Account, or, as applicable, be deposited 
in the Transaction Account; 
 
(i) 
ninth, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay pari passu 
and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to 
provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior 
to the next Programme Payment Date to any Hedging Counterparties 
which are Subordinated Termination Payments; and 
 
(j) 
tenth, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay any excess to 
the Issuer, 
 
provided that, any funds provided for any Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds 
prior to its relevant Final Maturity Date pursuant to paragraph (g) above, shall 
be used to repay such Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds on their Final 
Maturity Date. 
 
"Subordinated Termination Payment" means, subject as set out below, 
any termination payments due and payable to any Hedging Counterparty 
under a Hedging Agreement where such termination results from (a) an 
Additional Termination Event “Ratings Event” relating to the Hedging 
Counterparty as specified in the schedule to the relevant Hedging 
Agreement, (b) the bankruptcy of the relevant Hedging Counterparty, or (c) 
any default and/or failure to perform by such Hedging Counterparty under 
the relevant Hedging Agreement, other than, in the event of (a) or (c) above, 
the amount of any termination payment due and payable to such Hedging 
Counterparty in relation to the termination of such transaction to the extent

--- Page 102 ---
102 
UK-#752978185v12 
of any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement hedging 
counterparty. 
Priority of 
Payments 
following the 
delivery of a 
Notice of Default 
Following delivery of a Notice of Default, all funds deriving from the 
Cover Pool Assets or the Transaction Documents or which are standing to 
the credit of the Transaction Account shall be applied on any Athens 
Business Day in accordance with the following order of priority of 
payments (the "Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments" and, 
together with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments, the 
"Priorities of Payments" and,”each of them a "Priority of Payments") 
(in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full) provided that any such amount has not already 
been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the Cover Pool: 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee or any Appointee or 
any Receiver is entitled pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document and any costs and expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of the Trustee or any Appointee or any Receiver (a) following 
the occurrence of a Potential Event of Default or an Issuer Event or 
in connection with or as a result of serving on the Issuer a Notice of 
Default (to the extent that any such amounts have not yet been paid 
out of the Covered Bonds Available Funds before the delivery of a 
Notice of Default) and (b) following the delivery of a Notice of 
Default in connection with or as a result of the enforcement or 
realisation of (A) the security granted under the Statutory Pledge and 
the Deed of Charge and/or (B) any other right or remedy that the 
Trustee is entitled or required to pursue under or in connection with 
the Transaction Documents and/or the Covered Bonds for the 
purpose of protecting the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
and/or the other Secured Creditors; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay any Indemnity to which any Special Administrator is 
entitled pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document and any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of 
the Special Administrator (a) following the occurrence of a Potential 
Event of Default or an Issuer Event or in connection with or as a 
result of serving on the Issuer a Notice of Default (to the extent that 
any such amounts have not yet been paid out of the Covered Bonds 
Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of Default) and (b) 
following the delivery of a Notice of Default in connection with or 
as a result of the enforcement or realisation of (A) the security 
granted under the Statutory Pledge and the Deed of Charge and/or 
(B) any other right or remedy that the Special Administrator is 
entitled or required to pursue under or in connection with the 
Transaction Documents and/or the Covered Bonds for the purpose of 
protecting the interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the other 
Secured Creditors; 
 
(iii) third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay all amounts of interest and principal due and 
payable on any Covered Bonds, (b) to pay any additional fees, costs, 
expenses and taxes due and payable in connection with any listing or

--- Page 103 ---
103 
UK-#752978185v12 
deposit of the Covered Bonds or to fund any notice to be given to 
any parties in accordance with any of the Transaction Documents or 
to the Covered Bondholders, (c) to pay all amounts due and payable 
to the Secured Creditors, other than the Covered Bondholders and 
(d) to pay any amounts due and payable under any Hedging 
Agreement other than the Subordinated Termination Payments to 
any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due and payable to any Hedging 
Counterparties which are Subordinated Termination Payments; and 
 
(v) 
fitth, following the payment in full of all items under (i) to (iv) above 
to pay all excess amounts (if any) to the Issuer. 
 
"Indemnity" means any indemnity amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to 
the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge or otherwise, including (without 
limitation) Clause 14 (Remuneration and Indemnification of Trustee) of the 
Trust Deed. 
Servicing and 
Cash 
Management 
Deed 
Under the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed entered into 
on the Programme Closing Date between the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Servicer (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Servicing and Cash Management Deed"), the Servicer has been 
authorised, subject to the conditions specified therein, to administer the cash 
flows arising from the Cover Pool. 
 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed sets forth the terms and 
conditions upon which the Servicer shall be required to administer the Cover 
Pool Assets. 
 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Servicer has 
undertaken to prepare and deliver certain reports (including the Servicer 
Reports) in connection with the Loan Assets. Pursuant to the Servicing and 
Cash Management Deed, the Servicer will agree to perform certain 
obligations in connection with the management of the Cover Pool. 
 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed contains provisions under which 
the Issuer shall be obliged, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
specified therein, to appoint an appropriate entity to perform the Servicing 
and Cash Management Services to be performed by the Servicer, as well as 
provisions in relation to the substitution of the Servicer by a Replacement 
Servicer or a Special Administrator. 
 
"Programme Closing Date" means 8 February 2011. 
Asset Monitor 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the asset monitor agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date between the Asset Monitor, the Servicer, the Issuer 
and the Trustee (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to 
time, the "Asset Monitor Agreement"), the Asset Monitor has agreed to act 
as cover pool monitor in accordance with the Greek Covered Bond 
Legislation and to carry out various testing and notification duties in relation

--- Page 104 ---
104 
UK-#752978185v12 
to the calculations performed by the Servicer in relation to the Statutory 
Tests and, if required, the Amortisation Test. 
Trust Deed 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed entered into on the Programme Closing 
Date between the Issuer and the Trustee, the Trustee will be appointed to act 
as the Covered Bondholders’ representative in accordance with Article 14(3) 
of the Covered Bond Law. 
Deed of Charge 
The Issuer shall assign its rights arising under the Hedging Agreements and 
any Transaction Document governed by English law to the Trustee (on trust 
for itself and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors) in accordance with a supplemental deed of charge (the "Deed of 
Charge"). 
 
In addition, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors have 
agreed that, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event, all the Covered Bonds 
Available Funds will be applied in or towards satisfaction of all the Issuer’s 
payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed and the relevant Priority of Payments. 
 
The Trustee has been authorised, in accordance with the Deed of Charge, 
subject to a Notice of Default being delivered to the Issuer following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default or upon failure by the Issuer to exercise 
its rights under the Transaction Documents, to exercise, in the name and on 
behalf of the Issuer, all the Issuer’s rights arising out of the Transaction 
Documents to which the Issuer is a party. 
 
The Deed of Charge shall be governed by English law. 
Agency Agreement 
Under the terms of an agency agreement entered into on the Programme 
Closing Date between the Issuer, the Agents and the Trustee (as amended, 
restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement"), 
the Agents have agreed to provide the Issuer with certain agency services 
and the Paying Agents have agreed, inter alia, to make available for 
inspection such documents as may be required from time to time by the 
rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to arrange for the publication 
of any notice to be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
Bank Account 
Agreement 
Under the terms of the bank account agreement entered into on the 
Programme Closing Date between the Account Bank, the Servicer, the 
Issuer and the Trustee (as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time 
to time, the "Bank Account Agreement"), the Account Bank has agreed to 
operate the Transaction Account, any swap collateral accounts and any 
other account required to be opened in accordance with the terms of any 
Hedging Agreement and the Bank Account Agreement (together with the 
Transaction Account, the "Bank Accounts") in accordance with the 
instructions given by the Servicer. 
Hedging 
Agreements 
The Issuer may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into Interest 
Rate Swap Agreements, FX Rate Swap Agreements, Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements and any other hedging agreements (together the "Hedging

--- Page 105 ---
105 
UK-#752978185v12 
Agreements") with one or more Hedging Counterparties for the purpose of, 
inter alia, protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited 
to, interest rate, liquidity, currency and credit) related to the Loan Assets 
and/or the Covered Bonds. In accordance with the terms set forth in the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer may include the claims 
of the Issuer arising from the Hedging Agreements, together with the cash 
flows deriving therefrom, in the Cover Pool provided that, inter alia, the 
terms and conditions of such Hedging Agreements shall not adversely affect 
the ratings of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
 
The Hedging Agreements shall be governed by English Law. 
 
The Issuer's rights arising from any Hedging Agreement(s) will be included 
as part of the Cover Pool at the Issuer's discretion. 
Transaction 
Documents 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Programme Agreement, 
each Subscription Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the 
Deed of Charge, the Bank Account Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Master Definitions and Construction Schedule, each of the 
Final Terms, each Registration Statement, the Conditions, the Covered 
Bonds, the Coupons, the Hedging Agreements, any agreement entered into 
with a Replacement Servicer, together with any additional document 
entered into in respect of the Covered Bonds and/or the Cover Pool and 
designated as a Transaction Document by the Issuer and the Trustee, are 
together referred to as the "Transaction Documents”. 
 
"Subscription Agreement" means an agreement supplemental to the 
Programme Agreement (by whatever name called) in or substantially in the 
form set out in the Programme Agreement or in such other form as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant lead manager and/or Dealer(s). 
Investor Report 
On the Athens Business Day which falls three Athens Business Days prior 
to each Programme Payment Date (each an "Investor Report Date"), the 
Servicer will produce an investor report (the "Investor Report"), which 
will contain information regarding the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool 
Assets in accordance with Article 16 of the Covered Bond Law. Such 
report will be available to the prospective investors in the Covered Bonds 
and to Covered Bondholders on Bloomberg at the Servicer’s website: 
https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/en/investors/financials/debt-
issuance/covered-bonds 
 
"Collection Period" means the period from (and including) a Collection 
Period Start Date (or, in the case of the first Collection Period, the 
Programme Closing Date) to the next Collection Period End Date. 
 
“Collection Period Start Date" means the first calendar day falling in 
January, April, July and October of each year” 
 
“Collection Period End Date" means the last calendar day falling in 
December, March, June and September of each year.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
UK-#752978185v12

--- Page 107 ---
107 
UK-#752978185v12 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Covered Bond (as defined below) and each Definitive Covered Bond (as defined below), in 
the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive 
Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable 
Final Terms in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified, complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Covered Bond and Definitive Covered Bond. Reference should be made to “Form of 
the Covered Bonds” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are 
to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by Piraeus Bank S.A. (the 
"Issuer") pursuant to the Trust Deed (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a "Global Covered Bond"), 
units of the lowest denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms ("Specified Denomination") in 
the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms ("Specified Currency"); 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond; 
(c) 
any definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form ("Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds") issued in exchange 
for a Global Covered Bond in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Covered Bonds in registered form ("Registered Definitive Covered Bonds" and, 
together with Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, "Definitive Covered Bonds") (whether or not issued 
in exchange for a Global Covered Bond in registered form). 
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons (as defined below) are constituted by a trust deed originally dated the 
Programme Closing Date (as first amended and restated on 12 August 2014, as further amended and restated 
on 16 December 2014, on 4 July 2016, on 19 December 2016, on 25 August 2017, on 17 October 2018 and on 
26 October 2023 and as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust 
Deed") and made between, inter alios, the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which 
expression includes the trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Covered 
Bondholders. 
The Covered Bonds and the Coupons have the benefit of an agency agreement originally dated the Programme 
Closing Date (as first amended and restated on 12 August 2014, as further amended and restated on 16 
December 2014, on 4 July 2016, on 25 August 2017, on 17 October 2018, and on 26 October 2023, and as 
further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent), the other paying agents 
named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents), Citibank N.A., London Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor registrar, and, together with any transfer agent appointed thereunder, 
the "Transfer Agents" (which expression shall include any successor transfer agents) and together with the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and any Calculation Agent referred to below, the "Agents"). References to the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
UK-#752978185v12 
"Calculation Agent" are (except where the context otherwise requires) to the person appointed as calculation 
agent in relation to one or more Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Agency Agreement, and include any 
successor calculation agent. 
Interest-bearing Definitive Covered Bonds have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Covered 
Bonds which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
The Final Terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond and complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions"). References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Any reference to "Covered Bondholders" or "holders" in relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, be 
construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms and the other Transaction Documents are available for viewing during 
normal business hours at the registered offices of the Issuer and of each Paying Agent and copies may be 
obtained from those offices save that, if this Covered Bond is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms and the 
other Transaction Documents will only be obtainable by a Covered Bondholder holding one or more Covered 
Bonds and such Covered Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. If the Covered Bonds are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms and the other Transaction Documents 
which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in these 
Conditions shall bear the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms and/or the master definitions 
and construction schedule made between the parties to the Transaction Documents on the Programme Closing 
Date (as first amended and restated on 12 August 2014, as further amended and restated on 16 December 2014, 
on 4 July 2016, on 19 December 2016, on 25 August 2017, on 17 October 2018 and on 26 October 2023 and 
as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Master Definitions and 
Construction Schedule"), a copy of each of which may be obtained as described above. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title

--- Page 109 ---
109 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the 
Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Covered Bonds may not be exchanged 
for Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of 
each Covered Bond will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as is required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
€199,000. No Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above €199,000.  
It is a condition precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds that (i) there 
is no Issuer Event or Event of Default outstanding and that such issuance would not cause an Issuer 
Event or Event of Default, (ii) such issuance would not result in a breach of any of the Statutory Tests, 
(iii) each Rating Agency has been notified of such issuance, (iv) such issuance has been notified to the 
Bank of Greece in accordance with Article 20(4) of the Covered Bond Law and (v) if applicable, in 
respect of any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfer in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any Registered Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a Global Covered Bond held on behalf of 
or, as the case may be, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) or, as 
applicable, common safekeeper (or its nominee), for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error and any such certificate or 
other document may comprise any form of statement or printout of electronic records provided by the 
relevant clearing system (including, without limitation, Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s 
CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds is clearly identified with the amount of such holding) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Covered Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest or other 
amounts on such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Covered Bond (or, as applicable, the registered holder) shall be treated by the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds in accordance

--- Page 110 ---
110 
UK-#752978185v12 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Covered Bond and the expressions "Covered 
Bondholder" and "holder of Covered Bonds" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system and/or any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise 
be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants 
in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A 
beneficial interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond only in the authorised denominations 
set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.3 (Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds - Registration of 
transfer upon partial redemption) and 2.4 (Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds - Costs of 
registration) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Definitive Covered Bond may be transferred in whole or in part in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms. In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder 
or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Covered Bond for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder 
or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing, and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent, and (b) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, must, after 
due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making 
the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the Agency 
Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, will, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, is located) of 
the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address

--- Page 111 ---
111 
UK-#752978185v12 
as the transferee may request, a new Registered Definitive Covered Bond of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Definitive Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond) transferred. 
In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Definitive Covered Bond, a new Registered 
Definitive Covered Bond in respect of the balance of the Registered Definitive Covered Bond not 
transferred will (in addition to the new Registered Definitive Covered Bond in respect of the nominal 
amount transferred) be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured 
mail to the address specified by the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds under Condition 7 
(Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered 
Covered Bond, or part of a Registered Covered Bond, which is partially redeemed. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Covered Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer, Registrar or Transfer Agent may require the payment of a 
sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, Taxes or any other governmental charge that may be imposed 
in relation to the registration. 
3. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
secured by the Statutory Pledge (as defined below) and the Deed of Charge. The Covered Bonds will, 
irrespective of their Series, at all times rank pari passu without any preference or priority amongst 
themselves for all purposes except for the timing of the repayment of principal and the timing and 
amount of interest payable. 
The Covered Bonds are issued on an unconditional basis and in accordance with Articles 1-33 of Greek 
Law 4920/2022 (published in the Government Gazette No 74.15.04.2022), as in force from time to 
time (the “Covered Bond Law”) and decision nr. 215/1/03.02.2023 of the Executive Committee of 
the Bank of Greece issued pursuant to the Covered Bond Law (the “Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation” and together with the Covered Bond Law, the “Greek Covered Bond Legislation”). 
The Covered Bonds are backed by assets forming the Cover Pool of the Issuer and, to the extent such 
assets are governed by Greek Law, have the benefit of a statutory pledge established by operation of 
law pursuant to Article 14(2) of the Covered Bond Law (the "Statutory Pledge"). 
In accordance with the Deed of Charge, security will be created for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf 
of the Secured Creditors over, inter alia, the Marketable Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquid 
Assets (to the extent governed by English law), the Bank Accounts (to the extent governed by English 
law) and any other Transaction Documents.  
4. 
Priorities of Payments 
Prior to the occurrence of any Segregation Event and/or any Issuer Event, on each Interest Payment 
Date, the Issuer will apply any funds available to it (including but not limited to, funds arising in relation 
to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool) to pay amounts due and payable on the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
UK-#752978185v12 
Following the occurrence of a Segregation Event but prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the 
Servicer will apply amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and the Collection 
Accounts to make payments on the Covered Bonds and such other payments which rank senior to or 
pari passu with the Covered Bonds (by reference to paragraphs (a) to (f) of the Pre-Event of Default 
Priority of Payments (as defined below)) in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
At any time upon or after the occurrence of any Issuer Event (or, if any Covered Bonds become Pass-
Through Covered Bonds, for so long as any Pass-Through Covered Bonds (as defined in Condition 
7.1(vi)) remain outstanding), but prior to the delivery of a Notice of Default, the Servicer shall apply 
all Covered Bonds Available Funds (which funds shall include all amounts standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account other than amounts provided for any Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds on any 
previous Programme Payment Date pursuant to paragraph (g) below) on each Programme Payment 
Date in making the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (the "Pre-
Event of Default Priority of Payments") (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts then due and payable or to become due and 
payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date to the Trustee or any Appointee (including, 
remuneration or amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or any other Transaction Document together with interest and applicable VAT (or other 
similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein; 
(b) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof to pay any 
additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, 
or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date, properly incurred in respect of any notice to be given to any parties 
in accordance with any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders; 
(c) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, to pay all amounts 
due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will 
become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date, to the Account Bank and 
the Agents under the Bank Account Agreement and the Agency Agreement, respectively; 
(d) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof to pay (i) all 
amounts due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts 
that will become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date (and for which 
payment has not been provided for elsewhere in this Pre-Event of Default Priority of 
Payments), to any Secured Creditors other than the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, 
the Agents, the Account Bank, the Trustee and any Appointee and other than any amount due 
to be paid, or that will become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date, to 
the Hedging Counterparties under the Hedging Agreements and (ii) to the Servicer an amount 
equal to any amount representing the cost of Levy in respect of any Loans received from 
Borrowers, such amount to be used by the Servicer towards satisfaction of the Issuer's 
obligation to pay any Levy; 
(e) 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof (i) to pay all 
amounts of interest due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all 
such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date, 
on any Covered Bonds and Coupons and (ii) to pay any amounts due and payable on the 
Programme Payment Date, or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and 
payable prior to the next Programme Payment Date, under any Hedging Agreement other than

--- Page 113 ---
113 
UK-#752978185v12 
Subordinated Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging 
Agreements; 
(f) 
sixth, for as long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to credit the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger with an amount equal to the difference between the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger Required Amount and the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger after having made the payments under paragraphs (a) to (e) above; 
(g) 
seventh, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof to pay (i) all 
amounts of principal due and payable on the Programme Payment Date on any Covered 
Bonds, to provide for all amounts of principal that will become due and payable prior to the 
next Programme Payment Date (if any), on any Covered Bonds or, in respect of any Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds with a Final Maturity Date falling on such Programme Payment 
Date or falling on any date during the Programme Payment Period starting on such Programme 
Payment Date or during the next following Programme Payment Period (and only to the extent 
that such amounts have not already been provided for in full) to provide for all amounts of 
principal that will become due and payable on the Final Maturity Date of such Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds and (ii) the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds (as defined in Condition 7.1(vi)); 
(h) 
eighth, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, any remaining Covered Bonds 
Available Funds will remain standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, or, as 
applicable, be deposited in the Transaction Account; 
(i) 
ninth, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable on the Programme Payment Date, 
or to provide for all such amounts that will become due and payable prior to the next 
Programme Payment Date to any Hedging Counterparties which are Subordinated 
Termination Payments; and 
(j) 
tenth, if no Covered Bonds remain outstanding, to pay any excess to the Issuer, 
provided that, any funds provided for any Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds prior to its relevant Final 
Maturity Date pursuant to paragraph (g) above, shall be used to repay such Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds on their Final Maturity Date. 
Following delivery of a Notice of Default, all funds deriving from the Cover Pool Assets or the 
Transaction Documents or which are standing to the credit of the Transaction Account shall be applied 
on any Athens Business Day in accordance with the following order of priority of payments (the "Post-
Event of Default Priority of Payments" and, together with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of 
Payments, the "Priorities of Payments" and, each of them a "Priority of Payments") (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) provided that any 
such amount has not already been paid by the Issuer using funds not forming part of the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
first, to pay any Indemnity to which the Trustee or any Appointee or any Receiver is entitled 
pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document and any costs and expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Trustee or any Appointee or any Receiver (a) following the 
occurrence of a Potential Event of Default or an Issuer Event or in connection with or as a 
result of serving on the Issuer a Notice of Default (to the extent that any such amounts have 
not yet been paid out of the Covered Bonds Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of 
Default) and (b) following the delivery of a Notice of Default in connection with or as a result 
of the enforcement or realisation of (A) the security granted under the Statutory Pledge and

--- Page 114 ---
114 
UK-#752978185v12 
the Deed of Charge and/or (B) any other right or remedy that the Trustee is entitled or required 
to pursue under or in connection with the Transaction Documents and/or the Covered Bonds 
for the purpose of protecting the interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the other Secured 
Creditors; 
(ii) 
second, to pay any Indemnity to which any Special Administrator is entitled pursuant to the 
Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document and any costs and expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of the Special Administrator (a) following the occurrence of a Potential Event of 
Default or an Issuer Event or in connection with or as a result of serving on the Issuer a Notice 
of Default (to the extent that any such amounts have not yet been paid out of the Covered 
Bonds Available Funds before the delivery of a Notice of Default) and (b) following the 
delivery of a Notice of Default in connection with or as a result of the enforcement or 
realisation of (A) the security granted under the Statutory Pledge and the Deed of Charge 
and/or (B) any other right or remedy that the Special Administrator is entitled or required to 
pursue under or in connection with the Transaction Documents and/or the Covered Bonds for 
the purpose of protecting the interests of the Covered Bondholders and/or the other Secured 
Creditors; 
(iii) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to pay all 
amounts of interest and principal due and payable on any Covered Bonds, (b) to pay any 
additional fees, costs, expenses and taxes due and payable in connection with any listing or 
deposit of the Covered Bonds or to fund any notice to be given to any parties in accordance 
with any of the Transaction Documents or to the Covered Bondholders, (c) to pay all amounts 
due and payable to the Secured Creditors, other than the Covered Bondholders and (d) to pay 
any amounts due and payable under any Hedging Agreement other than the Subordinated 
Termination Payments to any Hedging Counterparties under any such Hedging Agreements; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
amount due and payable to any Hedging Counterparties which are Subordinated Termination 
Payments; and 
(v) 
fifth, following the payment in full of all items under (i) to (iv) above, to pay all excess 
amounts (if any) to the Issuer. 
5. 
Interest 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Subject as provided in these Conditions, interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Final Maturity Date. 
If the Covered Bonds are in definitive form, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the 
fixed coupon amount specified in the applicable Final Terms ("Fixed Coupon Amount").  
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the broken amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Broken Amount") so 
specified.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
UK-#752978185v12 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
5.2 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Interest on Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment 
Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the "Specified Period" in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, the expression 
"Interest Period" shall mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where "ISDA Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or that 
other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Covered Bonds (the “ISDA Definitions”), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
UK-#752978185v12 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), (1) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions and (2) "Euro-zone" means the region comprising the member states of the 
European Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
When this subparagraph (i) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Principal Paying 
Agent or the above-mentioned person will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under 
Condition 5.2(d) (Interest - Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions - Determination of Rate of Interest 
and calculation of Interest Amounts) below in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it 
has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this 
subparagraph (i). 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information)); or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information), as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information), the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Principal 
Paying Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) shall request, if the Reference Rate if 
EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Principal 
Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, to leading 
banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
UK-#752978185v12 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Principal 
Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal 
Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (through substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii): 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office 
of four major banks in the Eurozone interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Reference Rate" means, in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, as specified for in the Final Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Brussels. 
"Specified Time" means the time specified as such in the Final Terms or if none is so specified, in the 
case of a determination of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
In the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than zero, the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period shall be 
deemed to be zero, provided that if the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specify 
a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period other than zero, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 
(b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
UK-#752978185v12 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Covered Bonds represented by such Global 
Covered Bond; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal 
Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and to any stock 
exchange or other relevant competent authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded or by which they have been admitted 
to listing or trading and to be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter and in the case 
of any notification to be given to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the first Business Day 
of each Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative

--- Page 119 ---
119 
UK-#752978185v12 
arrangements will be promptly notified to the Trustee and each stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted 
and/or traded or by which they have been admitted to listing or trading and to Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(g) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time after the Issue Date, the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or the 
Principal Paying Agent defaults in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with 
subparagraph 5.2(b)(i) or 5.2(b)(ii) above or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
the case may be, and in each case in accordance with paragraph 5.2(d) above, the Trustee may 
determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it may 
think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the Trustee may calculate the Interest 
Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. In making any 
such determination or calculation, the Trustee may appoint and rely on a determination or calculation 
by a calculation agent (which shall be an investment bank or other suitable entity of international 
repute). If such determination or calculation is made the Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Stock 
Exchange of such determination or calculation and each such determination or calculation shall be 
deemed to have been made by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 (Floating 
Rate Covered Bond Provisions), whether by the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Trustee shall (in the absence of wilful default, negligence or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Trustee and all Covered 
Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, negligence, manifest error or 
fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
In addition, notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions), if the Issuer determines that the relevant Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final 
Terms has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing 
to be calculated or administered when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner 
and in consultation with the Issuer), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination 
Cut-off Date"), a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below) for purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
UK-#752978185v12 
(ii)  
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate;  
(iii)  
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of 
the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement)); provided, however, that if sub-
paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period (as applicable) shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the preceding Interest 
Period (or alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest 
shall be the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) (subject, where applicable, 
to substituting the Margin that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this 
sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement));  
(iv)  
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may also specify changes to these 
Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition 
of Reference Rate applicable to the Covered Bonds, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and/or the Conditions as may be required in order to 
give effect to this Condition 5.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement). Covered Bondholder consent 
shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) or such other changes; and  
(v)  
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Agents and the Covered 
Bondholders, which shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and any consequential changes made to the Conditions.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement):

--- Page 121 ---
121 
UK-#752978185v12 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Covered Bondholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
 in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii)  
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international covered bonds transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or  
(iii)  
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate;  
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international bond markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, 
or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference 
Rate;  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international bond markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense;  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate:  
(i)  
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
reference rate; or  
(ii)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Hellenic Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement Modifications

--- Page 122 ---
122 
UK-#752978185v12 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 15 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and 
Waiver), the Trustee shall be obliged, without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders or 
any of the other Secured Creditors, to concur with the Issuer in making any modification to these 
Conditions or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or in relation to which it holds 
security or entering into any new, supplemental or additional documents that the Issuer certifies to the 
Trustee is considered by the Issuer necessary or advisable for the purpose of changing the Reference 
Rate to a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with Condition 5.2(i) (such 
certification being a "Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate"). 
When implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Replacement 
Modifications), the Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Covered Bondholders, any other 
Secured Creditor or any other person and shall act and rely solely and without further investigation, 
on any Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate and shall not be liable to the Covered Bondholders, 
any other Secured Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any 
such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person; and (ii) the 
Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Trustee 
would have the effect of (A) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (B) increasing the obligations or 
duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Trustee in the Transaction Documents and/or these 
Conditions. 
5.3 
Interest on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will 
not bear interest. When a Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes repayable prior to its Final Maturity 
Date it will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.5 (Redemption and Purchase - Early Redemption Amounts). In the case of late payment the amount 
due and repayable shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 7.9 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Late Payment). 
5.4 
 Accrual of interest 
Interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part 
only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or unless 
default is otherwise made in respect of payment, in which event, interest will continue to accrue as 
provided in Condition 7.9 (Redemption and Purchase - Late Payment). 
5.5 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fractions and other adjustments 
(a) 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (B) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day

--- Page 123 ---
123 
UK-#752978185v12 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
("T2") System (the "T2 System") is open. 
(b) 
If a "Business Day Convention" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
(Interest - Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions - Interest on Payment Dates), the "Floating 
Rate Convention", such Interest Payment Date (1) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (II) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis, or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (II) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined in Condition 
5.5(e) (Interest - Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fractions and 
other adjustments)) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of (I) the number 
of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and (II) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in

--- Page 124 ---
124 
UK-#752978185v12 
one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in 
a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
UK-#752978185v12 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31 and D2 will be 30; or 
such other Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
"Determination Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
(f) 
"Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
"Interest Commencement Date" means in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the relevant Covered Bonds will 
accrue interest. 
(h) 
"Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms and in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning given in Condition

--- Page 126 ---
126 
UK-#752978185v12 
5.2 (Interest - Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions), together the "Interest Payment Dates". 
(i) 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(j) 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means in respect of a Covered Bond on any day the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by 
the relevant Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day provided that the Principal 
Amount Outstanding in respect of a Covered Bond that has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer 
shall be zero. 
(k) 
If "adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, interest in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, as such Interest Payment Date shall, where 
applicable, be adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
(l) 
If "not adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms against the Day Count Fraction, interest 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period shall be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and calculated from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, but such Interest Payment Dates 
shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
(m) 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, Euro 0.01. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or electronic transfer to a Euroaccount (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option 
of the payee, by a Euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. Dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained by the 
payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, as used in this Condition 6 
(Payments), means the United States of America, including the State and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction), or by 
cheque drawn on a United States bank. 
In no event will payment in respect of Covered Bonds be made by a cheque mailed to an address in 
the United States. All payments of interest in respect of Covered Bonds will be made to accounts 
located outside the United States except as may be permitted by United States tax law in effect at the 
time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
UK-#752978185v12 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
References to Specified Currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
6.2 
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) will (subject as provided below) be made in accordance 
with Condition 6.1 (Payments - Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender of Bearer 
Definitive Covered Bonds or Coupons (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement 
of the Bearer Definitive Covered Bond (or Coupon)), as the case may be, only at a specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
If any Bearer Definitive Covered Bond is redeemed or becomes repayable prior to the stated maturity 
thereof, principal will be payable in accordance with Condition 6.1 (Payments - Method of payment) 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum, endorsement) of 
such Bearer Definitive Covered Bond. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the total amount due) will be deducted from the amount due for payment. Each amount so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11 (Prescription)) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 11 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due but in no event thereafter. 
Upon amounts in respect of any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and 
repayable by the Issuer prior to its Final Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, Extended Final Maturity 
Date), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond 
in definitive bearer form, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Covered Bond" is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
(other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount 
on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of such Covered Bond.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
UK-#752978185v12 
If the due date for redemption of any Bearer Definitive Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer Definitive Covered Bond. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any Bearer 
Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Bearer Global Covered Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer 
Global Covered Bond if the Bearer Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in new global 
covered bond ("NGCB") form at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
On the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Bearer Global Covered Bond which is not 
issued in NGCB form, a record of such payment made on such Bearer Global Covered Bond, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Bearer Global Covered Bond by the Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that 
the payment in question has been made and (ii) in the case of any Global Covered Bond which is 
issued in NGCB form, the Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
No payments of principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of a Bearer Global Covered Bond 
will be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained in the 
United States. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will 
be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents. Such payments will be made in accordance with Condition 6.1 (Payments - Method of 
payment) by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the register of holders of the Registered 
Covered Bonds maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") at the close of business on the business 
day ("business day" being for the purposes of this Condition 6.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of 
Registered Covered Bonds) a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date"). Notwithstanding 
the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account, or (ii) the principal amount 
of the Covered Bonds held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any 
other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn 
on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the 
account (which, in the case of a payment in Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident 
account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment 
in Euro) any bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of principal in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether 
or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day immediately preceding the relevant due date 
to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the 
Register at the close of business on the Record Date at the holder's address shown in the Register on

--- Page 129 ---
129 
UK-#752978185v12 
the Record Date and at the holder's risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar not less than three business days before the due date for any payment of interest or principal 
in respect of a Registered Covered Bond, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and principal in respect 
of the Registered Covered Bonds which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Covered Bond on redemption and principal 
will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal in respect of such Registered Covered 
Bond. 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Covered Bond as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The bearer of a Global Covered Bond or the Trustee shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and the obligations 
of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered 
Bond (or the Trustee, as the case may be) in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond (or the Trustee, as the case may be). No 
person other than the holder of the relevant Global Covered Bond (or the Trustee) shall have any claim 
against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Covered Bonds in U.S. Dollars will only be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
Dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal 
and/or interest on the Bearer Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
UK-#752978185v12 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day 
(as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until 
the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of any 
such delay. In this Condition (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), "Payment 
Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 11 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
London; 
(C) 
Athens; and 
(D) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation, Athens, London and any Additional Financial Centre) or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on 
which the T2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the Final Terms, and being at least equal to the 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds) (the "Final Redemption Amount") of the Covered 
Bonds; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds but excluding any amount of interest 
referred to therein; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7.6(ii) (Redemption and Purchase - Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any reference in these Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under

--- Page 131 ---
131 
UK-#752978185v12 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
6.8 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has, in relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 7.6 
(Redemption and Purchase - Early Redemption Amounts). 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the relevant Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the 
Treaty. 
"Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than 
two-thirds of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority 
consisting of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series which would be entitled to attend a meeting if a meeting were 
convened, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in 
like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the percentage rate 
per annum (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Notice of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
"Optional Redemption Amount" has the meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Potential Event of Default" means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or 
the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or 
request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would 
constitute an Event of Default. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds and Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" has, in respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Screen Rate Determination" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii) (Interest - Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions - Rate of 
Interest - Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
UK-#752978185v12 
"Secured Creditors" means the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders, the Trustee, any Receiver, 
the Asset Monitor, the Account Bank, the Agents, the Servicer, the Replacement Servicer, the Special 
Administrator, any person appointed by or delegated to by the Special Administrator in accordance 
with clause 6.8 of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Hedging Counterparties and any 
other creditor of the Issuer having the benefit of the Charged Property in accordance with the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation or pursuant to any transaction document entered into in the course of the 
Programme (provided that where Piraeus Bank performs any of the above roles, Piraeus Bank shall 
not be a Secured Creditor). 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Final redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each 
Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date. The 
Final Redemption Amount will not be less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
Without prejudice to Conditions 9 (Issuer Events) and 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement), if an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount 
on the Final Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) 
payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date must be paid by the Issuer (to the extent it has 
Covered Bonds Available Funds available for such purpose and in accordance with the Pre-
Event of Default Priority of Payments) on each Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up 
to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. If an Extended Final Maturity 
Date is so specified in the Final Terms of any Series, it must be the date falling 46 years after 
the originally scheduled Final Maturity Date of such Series. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall confirm to the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices)), the Rating Agencies, any relevant Hedging Counterparty, the Trustee, the 
Registrar (in the case of a Registered Covered Bond), the Principal Paying Agent and the Bank 
of Greece as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least five Athens Business Days 
prior to the Final Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on the Final Maturity Date. Any failure by 
the Issuer to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension 
nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iv) 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that such 
Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the 
Issuer on the Final Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment, Potential Event of 
Default or Event of Default (but, for the avoidance of doubt, such failure to pay in such 
circumstances shall constitute an Issuer Event as provided under Condition 9 (Issuer Events)). 
(v) 
In addition, failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer 
Event shall require the Issuer immediately to treat all Covered Bonds of all Series as Pass-
Through Covered Bonds (as defined in Condition 7.1(vi) below) and, accordingly, to redeem

--- Page 133 ---
133 
UK-#752978185v12 
them at their Principal Amount Outstanding on each Interest Payment Date, on a pro rata 
basis (to the extent that, on each Interest Payment Date occurring after such failure to satisfy 
the Amortisation Test, Covered Bonds Available Funds are available for such purpose and in 
accordance with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments), and Loan Assets may be sold 
by the Servicer, subject to and as provided in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, such failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date 
following an Issuer Event shall not constitute a default in payment, Potential Event of Default 
or Event of Default.  
(vi) 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds (such Series of 
Covered Bonds being the “Extendable Series”) provides that such Extendable Series are 
subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, the Final Maturity Date of such Extendable Series 
may be extended, subject to the provisions set out in paragraphs (vii) and (viii) below (as 
applicable).  
(vii) 
If an extension of the maturity date of the Extendable Series pursuant to paragraph (vi) above 
does not cause the maturity date of such Extendable Series to fall after: 
(a) 
the Final Maturity Date of another Series of Covered Bonds (if such Series of Covered 
Bonds has not had its maturity date extended), that would, if there were no extension 
of the maturity date of the Extendable Series, mature after the Extendable Series; or 
(b) 
the Extended Final Maturity Date of another Series of Covered Bonds (if such Series 
of Covered Bonds has had its maturity date extended), that would, if there were no 
extension of the maturity date of the Extendable Series, mature after the Extendable 
Series, 
the maturity date of such Extendable Series shall be extended to the date so nominated in the 
Final Terms.  
(viii) 
If the Extended Final Maturity Date nominated in the Final Terms in relation to an Extendable 
Series would cause the maturity of such Extendable Series to fall after: 
(a) 
the Final Maturity Date of another Series of Covered Bonds (if such Series of Covered 
Bonds has not had its maturity date extended) that would, if there were no extension of 
the maturity date of the Extendable Series, mature after the Extendable Series; or  
(b) 
the Extended Final Maturity Date of another Series of Covered Bonds (if such Series 
of Covered Bonds has had its maturity date extended), that would, if there were no 
extension of the maturity date of the Extendable Series, mature after the Extendable 
Series, 
then the Extended Final Maturity Date of the Extendable Series shall be deemed to be the 
Interest Payment Date that falls immediately prior to the Final Maturity Date or Extended 
Final Maturity Date (as applicable) of the other Series of Covered Bonds (or, if there are more 
than one such Series of Covered Bonds, the earliest to mature of such Series of Covered 
Bonds) and the Extended Final Maturity Date appearing in the Final Terms relating to the 
Extendable Series shall be deemed to have been replaced by such earlier Interest Payment 
Date. 
(ix) 
Any Series of Covered Bonds (i) that, as provided in Condition 7.1(ii), is subject to an 
Extended Final Maturity Date and in respect of which any amount of principal remains unpaid 
on its Final Maturity Date or (ii) in respect of which any amount of principal remains

--- Page 134 ---
134 
UK-#752978185v12 
outstanding following an Issuer Event and upon the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation 
Test (and irrespective of whether or not the applicable Final Maturity Date of such Series has 
passed at the time of such breach of Amortisation Test), shall become pass-through Covered 
Bonds ("Pass-Through Covered Bonds") subject to redemption as provided in Condition 
7.1(ii) or, as applicable, Condition 7.1(v). 
7.2 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if the relevant Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if the relevant Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before 
the giving of such notice that on the occasion of the next date for payment of interest on the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer is or would be required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 (Taxation). Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption 
and Purchase - Redemption for taxation reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.6 (Redemption and Purchase - Early Redemption Amounts) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an issuer call is specified in the applicable Final Terms ("Issuer Call"), the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) below with a copy of such notice to be provided to the Trustee; and 
(ii) 
not less than 5 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Trustee and 
the Principal Paying Agent, 
which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Optional 
Redemption Date"), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the "Optional Redemption Amount(s) " specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly. Any such 
redemption must be for an amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed (the "Redeemed Covered 
Bonds") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by 
Definitive Covered Bonds, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Covered 
Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, in each case, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case 
of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) not less 
than 15 days (or such shorter period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented 
by Definitive Covered Bonds or represented by Global Covered Bonds shall, in each case, bear the 
same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate 
nominal amount of Definitive Covered Bonds or Global Covered Bonds outstanding bears, in each

--- Page 135 ---
135 
UK-#752978185v12 
case, to the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding on the Selection Date, 
provided that such nominal amounts shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral 
multiple of the Specified Denomination. No exchange of the relevant Global Covered Bond will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) at least five days (or such shorter 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Selection Date. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders (Investor Put) 
(i) 
If an investor put is specified in the Final Terms (the "Investor Put"), then if and to the extent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of this Covered Bond giving to the 
Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ (or such other notice period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) notice (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
(ii) 
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Covered Bond, the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver such Covered Bond, on any 
Business Day falling within the above-mentioned notice period at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise of the Investor 
Put in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.4. 
(iii) 
Any Put Notice given by a Covered Bondholder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this 
Condition shall be irrevocable. 
7.5 
Repurchase by the Issuer at the option of the Covered Bondholders (Investor Repurchase Put) 
(i)  
If an investor repurchase put is specified in the Final Terms (the "Investor Repurchase Put"), 
then if and to the extent that the Issuer does not redeem the Covered Bonds in full on the Final 
Maturity Date (taking into account any applicable grace periods), upon the holder of the 
Covered Bonds giving to the Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, be required to 
purchase such Covered Bonds on the date specified in such notice (the "Repurchase Date") 
and at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Repurchase Date. 
(ii)  
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Covered Bond, the holder of this Covered Bond must deliver such Covered Bond, on any 
Business Day falling within the above-mentioned notice period at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise of the Investor 
Repurchase Put in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office 
of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account 
(or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
7.5. 
(iii)  
Any Put Notice given by a Covered Bondholder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this 
Condition shall be irrevocable.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
UK-#752978185v12 
(iv)  
Any failure by the Issuer to repurchase Covered Bonds pursuant to this Condition shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
7.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.1 (Redemption and Purchase - Final redemption), Condition 7.2 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for taxation reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), each Covered Bond will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond), it will be redeemed 
at its Final Redemption Amount; and 
(ii) 
in the case of each Zero Coupon Covered Bond, it will be redeemed at an amount (the 
"Amortised Face Amount") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Early Redemption Amount = RPx(1+AY)y 
 
where: 
 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365). 
7.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered 
Bonds (provided that, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) at any price in the open 
market either by tender or private agreement or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or 
the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.8 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered

--- Page 137 ---
137 
UK-#752978185v12 
therewith at the time of redemption). All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered Bonds 
purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 7.7 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Purchases) and cancelled (together with, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.9 
Late Payment 
If any amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused upon its 
becoming due and repayable or is paid after its due date, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Covered Bond (the "Late Payment") shall itself accrue interest (both before and after any 
judgment or other order of a court of competent jurisdiction) from (and including) the date on which 
such payment was improperly withheld or refused or, as the case may be, became due, to (but 
excluding) the Late Payment Date in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at the rate determined 
in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Interest - Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) or 5.2 
(Interest - Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions), as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at a rate equal to the Accrual Yield, 
in each case on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, on a 30/360 basis. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7.9, the "Late Payment Date" shall mean the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date which the Principal Paying Agent determines to be the date on which, upon further 
presentation of the relevant Covered Bond, payment of the full amount (including interest as 
aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered Bond is to be made; and 
(ii) 
the seventh day after notice is given to the relevant Covered Bondholder (whether individually 
or in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) that the full amount (including interest as 
aforesaid) in the relevant currency in respect of such Covered Bond is available for payment, 
provided that in the case of both (i) and (ii), upon further presentation thereof being duly made, such 
payment is made. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Coupons 
(if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Hellenic Republic or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. Neither the Issuer nor any other entity shall be obliged to pay 
any additional amount to any Covered Bondholder on account of such withholding or 
deduction. 
(b) 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Hellenic 
Republic, references in the Conditions to the Hellenic Republic shall be construed as references 
to the Hellenic Republic and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
UK-#752978185v12 
9. 
Issuer Events 
Prior to, or concurrent with the occurrence of an Event of Default, if any of the following events (each, 
an "Issuer Event") occurs: 
(i) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event (as defined below), other than an Issuer Insolvency Event 
relating to a resolution referred to in paragraph (d) of the definition of “Issuer Insolvency 
Event”; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on 
the due date for payment thereof and such failure continues for a period of seven Athens 
Business Days; or 
(iii) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any obligation, condition or 
provision binding on it (other than any obligation for the payment of amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds or Coupons of any Series) under the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge or any 
other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party which, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
would have a materially prejudicial effect on the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series, and (except where such default is or the effects of such default are, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, not capable of remedy when no such continuation and notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) such default continues for 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) after written notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer requiring 
the default to be remedied; or 
(iv) 
any present or future indebtedness in respect of moneys borrowed or raised in an amount of 
€25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) or more (other than 
indebtedness under this Programme) of the Issuer becomes due and payable prior to the stated 
maturity thereof as extended by any grace period originally applicable thereto; or if any 
present or future guarantee of, or indemnity given by the Issuer in respect of, such 
indebtedness is not honoured when called upon or within any grace period originally 
applicable thereto; or 
(v) 
there is a breach of a Statutory Test on a relevant Applicable Calculation Date or Issue Date 
and such breach is not remedied within five Athens Business Days; or 
(vi) 
if it is or will (in the opinion of the Trustee, acting reasonably and having taken advice in the 
form of a legal opinion from a reputable firm of lawyers) become unlawful or illegal for the 
Issuer to comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds or any 
of the Transaction Documents where such unlawfulness or illegality is not, or cannot be, 
remedied within 30 days after written notice has been given by the Trustee to the Issuer 
requiring the same to be remedied, 
then (for so long as such Issuer Event is continuing) (i) no further Covered Bonds will be issued, (ii) 
the Servicer will procure that any and all payments due from Borrowers under the Cover Pool Assets 
are paid henceforth directly to the Transaction Account or the Third Party Collection Account, as 
applicable, in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, (iii) all collections of 
principal and interest on the Cover Pool Assets will be dedicated exclusively to the payment of interest 
and repayment of principal on the Covered Bonds and to the fulfilment of the obligations of the Issuer 
vis-à-vis the Secured Creditors in accordance with the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments, (iv) 
if Piraeus Bank is the Servicer, its appointment as Servicer will be terminated and a Replacement 
Servicer will be appointed pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation, (v) if the Issuer Event is also an Issuer Insolvency Event, a Special

--- Page 139 ---
139 
UK-#752978185v12 
Administrator will be appointed pursuant to the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, and (vi) if the Issuer Event is not an Issuer Insolvency Event, 
the Servicer or, as applicable, the Replacement Servicer appointed pursuant to the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed and the Greek Covered Bond Legislation will be obliged periodically to attempt to 
sell in whole or in part the Loan Assets in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed. 
"Issuer Insolvency Event" means, in relation to the Issuer: 
(a) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the liquidation or winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, except for the purposes of a reconstruction, amalgamation or merger 
or following the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the relevant entity, the terms 
of which have previously been approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders (of all Series taken together as a single Series) or 
which has been effected in compliance with the terms of Condition 18 (Substitution of the 
Issuer); 
(b) 
the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing 
inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or shall be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or shall make a conveyance or assignment for the benefit 
of, or shall enter into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally; 
(c) 
a receiver, trustee or other similar official shall be appointed in relation to the Issuer or in 
relation to the whole or over half of the assets of, the Issuer or an encumbrancer shall take 
possession of the whole or over half of the assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or 
other process shall be levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or (in the opinion 
of the Trustee) a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and in any of the foregoing cases it 
or he shall not be discharged within 60 days, other than any trustee, monitoring trustee, 
administrator, receiver, liquidator, provisional liquidator, conservator, custodian, officer or 
analogous officer, supervisor or representative of the type or appointed in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (d)(ii) below; 
(d) 
(i) the assessment by the Bank of Greece that the conditions of paragraph 2 of internal Article 
32 or Article 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015 apply or the imposition on the Issuer of resolution 
measures in accordance with internal Articles 37ff of Article 2 of Greek Law 4335/2015; 
and/or (ii) the appointment of any trustee, monitoring trustee, administrator, receiver, 
liquidator, provisional liquidator, conservator, custodian, officer or analogous officer, 
supervisor or representative appointed or to be appointed by the European Financial Stability 
Facility, the European Stability Mechanism, the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund, the 
Directorate General for Competition, the Single Supervisory Mechanism, the Single 
Resolution Board, the European Banking Authority, the Bank of Greece, the Greek Ministry 
of Finance, or any similar, replacement or successor organisation, where the main purpose of 
such appointment is to supervise or monitor, or in the future to supervise or monitor in any 
way the Issuer, in consequence of Greece or the Issuer being under a financial support scheme 
or the Issuer being under a resolution scheme, apart from cases where such an appointment is 
performed within the context of a special liquidation proceeding applicable to the Issuer; or 
(e) 
a supervisor (in Greek epitropos) of the Issuer is appointed in accordance with article 137 of 
Greek Law 4261/2014 or the Issuer is placed under special liquidation in accordance with 
article 145 of Greek Law 4261/2014; or 
(f) 
any action or step is taken which has a similar effect to the foregoing,

--- Page 140 ---
140 
UK-#752978185v12 
in each case, other than where any of the events set out in (a) to (f) above occurs in connection with a 
substitution of the Issuer in accordance with clause 20 of the Trust Deed. 
10. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
10.1 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs, and is continuing: 
(a) 
on the Final Maturity Date (in the case of any Series of Covered Bonds where no Extended 
Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or Extended Final Maturity Date 
(in the case of any Series of Covered Bonds where an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), as applicable, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or on 
any Interest Payment Date or any earlier date for redemption on which principal thereof is due 
and repayable, there is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on such Covered Bonds on 
such date and such default is not remedied within a period of seven Athens Business Days from 
the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount of interest due on any 
Series of Covered Bonds occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of 14 Athens 
Business Days from the due date thereof, 
then the Trustee shall, upon receiving notice in writing from the Principal Paying Agent or any 
Covered Bondholder of such Event of Default, serve a notice (a "Notice of Default") on the Issuer. 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall become 
immediately due and payable. 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall be entitled to direct the Servicer to 
dispose of the Cover Pool Assets. 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings or steps against 
the Issuer and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Deed of Charge, 
the Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Document in accordance with its terms 
and the pledge created under the Statutory Pledge and may, at any time after the Security has become 
enforceable, take such proceedings or steps as it may think fit to enforce the Security, but it shall not 
be bound to take any such proceedings or steps or exercise such rights or powers unless (i)(A) it shall 
have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of all Series (with 
the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted into Euro at the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Rate) or (B) a request in writing by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding (with 
the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted into Euro at the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Rate), and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction. 
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions under this Condition 10.2 the Trustee 
shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of all Series taken equally and shall 
not have regard to the interests of any individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their number) or any 
other Secured Creditors.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
UK-#752978185v12 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer, or to 
take any action with respect to the Trust Deed, any other Transaction Document, the Covered Bonds, 
the Coupons, or the Security unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do 
within a reasonable period and such failure shall be continuing. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(whether in bearer or registered form) will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of 
principal, within ten years or, in the case of interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for paying in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 11 or Condition 6 (Payments). 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which payment in respect of the Covered Bond 
or Coupon first becomes due and payable but, if the full amount of the moneys payable on such date 
has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such date, the Relevant Date shall 
be the date on which such moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect has been given 
to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
12. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
If any Covered Bond, Talon or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds), or any other place approved by 
the Trustee, of which notice shall be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices) (and, if the Covered Bonds are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the 
appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its specified office in the 
place required by such stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Talons or Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 11 (Prescription). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised 
in the relevant Coupon sheet matures. 
14. 
Trustee and Agents 
(a) 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer (or, in the circumstances specified in 
the Agency Agreement, the Trustee) and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders. 
(b) 
The initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set forth in the Base Prospectus and in

--- Page 142 ---
142 
UK-#752978185v12 
the Master Definitions and Construction Schedule. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint 
a successor Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents provided, however, that: 
(i) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing 
by any other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Principal Paying Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer (or 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange which 
requires the appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer (or following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Servicer) shall maintain an Agent having its 
specified office in the place required by such stock exchange. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their specified offices shall promptly be given by the 
Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(c) 
Under the Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and relieved from responsibility in certain 
circumstances and to be paid its remuneration, costs and expenses and all other liabilities in 
priority to the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
15. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Covered Bondholders of any Series 
to consider any matters affecting their interests, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing signed by Covered 
Bondholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on such an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders of such Series whatever the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series held or represented; provided, however, that 
certain Series Reserved Matters, as defined below and as described in the Trust Deed, may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of such Series 
at which one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or, at any adjourned 
meeting, not less than one-quarter, of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered 
Bonds of such Series form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting 
shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders of such Series, whether present or 
not.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
UK-#752978185v12 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Extraordinary Resolution 
to direct the Trustee to take any enforcement action pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement - Enforcement) (each a "Programme Resolution") shall only be capable of being passed 
at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. Any such 
meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee or by 
Covered Bondholders holding at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing a 
Programme Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing Covered Bonds whatever the 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. A Programme Resolution passed 
at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series shall be binding on all Covered Bondholders 
of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all related Couponholders in respect 
of such Covered Bonds. 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where any 
Series of such Covered Bonds is not denominated in Euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
of such Series not denominated in Euro shall be converted into Euro at the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Rate.  
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds of 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series which would be entitled 
to attend a meeting if a meeting were convened will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Covered Bondholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 15 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver), 
subject to and as further provided in the Trust Deed, those Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (if 
any) which are for the time being held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as 
beneficial owner shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding, 
except for where the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries hold 100% of the Covered Bonds of a Series then 
outstanding, in which case such Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of 
the definition of outstanding in respect of any matter to be determined in respect of that Series only 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be deemed to be outstanding in respect of any matter to be 
determined by or in respect of all or more than one Series of Covered Bonds (unless the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries are the holders of 100% of all Covered Bonds outstanding under such Series in respect of 
which such matter is to be determined). 
(b) 
Modification: 
The Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series or 
any of the other Secured Creditors (other than the Hedging Counterparties in respect of a modification 
to the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments or the Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments 
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed)) at any time and from time to time concur 
with the Issuer and any other party, to: 
(i) 
any modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series (including these Conditions), 
the related Coupons, the Trust Presents and/or any other Transaction Document provided that 
in the sole opinion of the Trustee such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Covered Bondholders of such Series; or

--- Page 144 ---
144 
UK-#752978185v12 
(ii) 
any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Covered Bonds of any one or more 
Series (including these Conditions), the related Coupons or any Transaction Document which 
is in the sole opinion of the Trustee of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a 
manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven. 
"Series Reserved Matter" in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series means: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where 
applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds other than in accordance with the terms 
thereof; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds and Coupons are to be 
made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Covered Bonds 
for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the cancellation of the Covered Bonds in 
consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other 
obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for 
or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of such shares, 
stock, bonds, covered bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities as aforesaid and partly for or into or in consideration of cash and for the appointment 
of some person with power on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds to execute an 
instrument of transfer of the Covered Bonds held by them in favour of the persons with or to 
whom the Covered Bonds are to be exchanged or sold respectively; and 
(v) 
alteration of this definition of Series Reserved Matter. 
(c) 
Trustee’s discretion 
The Trustee may without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, the related 
Couponholders and any other Secured Creditors and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any 
subsequent breach, Issuer Event, Servicer Termination Event, Potential Event of Default or Event of 
Default from time to time and at any time but only if in so far as in its opinion the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any 
breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust 
Presents or the other Transaction Documents or determine that any Issuer Event, Servicer Termination 
Event, Potential Event of Default or Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of 
the Trust Presents PROVIDED ALWAYS THAT the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred 
on it by this Condition 15 (Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver) in 
contravention of any express direction given by Extraordinary Resolution or by a request under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) but so that no such direction or request shall affect 
any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made. Any such waiver, authorisation 
or determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders, the related Couponholders and 
shall be notified by the Issuer (i) (if, but only if, the Trustee shall so require) to the Covered 
Bondholders and (ii) to each Rating Agency, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
UK-#752978185v12 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders or any other Secured Creditors, create and issue further Covered Bonds having the 
same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest thereon, issue date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds provided that (i) there is no Issuer Event or Event of Default outstanding and that such issuance 
would not cause an Issuer Event or an Event of Default, (ii) such issuance would not result in a breach 
of any of the Statutory Tests, (iii) each Rating Agency has been notified of such issuance, (iv) such 
issuance has been notified to the Bank of Greece in accordance with Article 20(4) of the Covered Bond 
Law and (v) if applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, a Hedging Agreement is entered into. 
17. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Covered Bonds will be valid if published in one leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London or any other daily newspaper in London 
approved by the Trustee and (for so long as any Bearer Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). It is expected 
that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London and (in relation to Bearer Covered 
Bonds listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) in the Luxemburger Wort or the 
Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer or, in the case of a notice given by the Trustee, the Trustee shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations 
of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication 
(or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall 
have been made in all the required newspapers or where published in such newspapers on different 
dates, the last date of such first publication). If publication as provided above is not practicable, notice 
will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee 
shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Covered Bonds are 
listed, quoted or traded on a stock exchange or are admitted to listing or trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any 
such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication. If the giving of notice 
as provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to 
have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Bearer Covered Bondholders. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relevant Covered Bond or 
Covered Bonds, with the Principal Paying Agent. 
Whilst the Covered Bonds are represented by Global Covered Bonds any notice shall be deemed to 
have been duly given to the relevant Covered Bondholder if sent to the Clearing Systems for 
communication by them to the holders of the Covered Bonds and shall be deemed to be given on the

--- Page 146 ---
146 
UK-#752978185v12 
date on which it was so sent and (so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on, 
and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), any notice shall also be published 
in accordance with the relevant listing rules (which includes publication on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, (www.luxse.com). 
18. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
If so requested by the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the consent of any Covered Bondholder 
or Couponholder or any other Secured Creditor, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer (or of the previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor 
under the Trust Presents and all other Transaction Documents (the "New Company") upon 
notice by the Issuer to be given to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under the Covered 
Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New Company have entered into such documents (the 
"Documents") as are necessary, in the opinion of the Trustee, to give effect to the 
substitution and in which the New Company has undertaken in favour of the Trustee 
for itself and on behalf of each Covered Bondholder to be bound by these Conditions, 
the Trust Presents, and the other Transaction Documents to which the Issuer is a 
party as the debtor in respect of the Covered Bonds in place of the Issuer (or of any 
previous substitute pursuant to this Condition 18 (Substitution of the Issuer) and 
Clause 20 (Substitution) of the Trust Deed); 
(iii) 
If the New Company is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the "New Residence") 
other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax 
purposes (the "Former Residence"), the Documents contain an undertaking and/or 
such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that the Trustee for itself and on 
behalf of each Covered Bondholder has the benefit of an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of this Condition 8 (Taxation), with the substitution 
of references to the Former Residence with references to the New Residence; 
(iv) 
the New Company and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental 
approvals and consents for such substitution and for the performance by the New 
Company of its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 
(v) 
if two directors of the New Company (or other officers acceptable to the Trustee) 
have certified that the New Company is solvent both at the time at which the relevant 
transaction is proposed to be effected and immediately thereafter (which certificate 
the Trustee can rely on absolutely), the Trustee shall not be under any duty to have 
regard to the financial conditions, profits or prospect of the New Company or to 
compare the same with those of the Issuer; 
(vi) 
the rights of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors in respect of 
the Cover Pool shall continue in full force and effect in relation to the obligations of 
the New Company; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed shall have confirmed 
that, following the proposed substitution of the New Company, the Covered Bonds 
will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; and

--- Page 147 ---
147 
UK-#752978185v12 
(viii) 
if applicable, the New Company has appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with the Covered Bonds, the Conditions, the Trust Presents, and the 
other Transaction Documents. 
(b) 
Upon such substitution the New Company shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may 
exercise every right and power, of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, any Coupons and the 
Trust Deed with the same effect as if the New Company has been named as the Issuer herein, 
and the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Covered Bonds, any Coupons 
and/or Talons and under the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 18(a), the New Company may, without the consent 
of any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions 
specified in Conditions 18(a) and 18(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further New Company. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 18(a) or 18(c), any New Company may, without the 
consent of any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis 
mutandis. 
(e) 
The Transaction Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent. 
Copies of the Transaction Documents will be available free of charge during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
19. 
 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that the 
security under the Statutory Pledge referred to in Condition 3 (Status of the Covered Bonds) above 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Greek Law. 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (including a dispute relating to 
any non-contractual obligations) (a "Dispute"), arising out of or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds. 
20. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
UK-#752978185v12 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached, or registered form, without interest coupons and/or talons attached. Bearer Covered Bonds will be 
issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Covered Bonds may be issued 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will be in bearer form initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
covered bond without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Covered Bond") which will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) are issued in new global covered bond 
("NGCB") form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); 
and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are not issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") or, as applicable, 
common safekeeper, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Bearer Covered Bonds will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
If the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, they 
may be intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy. Delivering the Bearer Global 
Covered Bonds to the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Global Covered Bonds 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Whilst any Bearer Covered Bond is represented by a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in 
respect of the Bearer Covered Bonds due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against 
presentation of the Temporary Global Covered Bond if the Temporary Global Covered Bond is not issued in 
NGCB form) only outside the United States and its possessions and to the extent that certification (in a form 
to be provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Bearer Covered Bond are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered Bond is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (a) interests in a permanent global covered bond without interest coupons 
attached (a "Permanent Global Covered Bond" and, together with the Temporary Global Covered Bonds, 
the "Bearer Global Covered Bonds" and each a "Bearer Global Covered Bond") of the same Series or (b) 
for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered 
Bonds, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. Purchasers 
in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds or 
interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond. The holder of a Temporary Global Covered Bond will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless,

--- Page 149 ---
149 
UK-#752978185v12 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Covered Bond or for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
made outside the United States and its possessions and through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Covered Bond (if the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond is not issued in NGCB form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon either (a) provided the Covered Bonds have a minimum Specified Denomination, or 
integral multiples thereof, not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Covered Bond) 
to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Bearer Global Covered Bond (and any interests 
therein) exchanged for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered 
Bondholders of each Series of Bearer Global Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Covered Bond) 
or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (b)(ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds, Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and any Coupons or Talons attached thereto 
will be issued pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Covered Bonds that have an original maturity of more than one 
year and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Bearer Covered Bonds: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons (as defined for U.S. federal tax purposes), with 
certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Covered Bonds, talons or interest coupons 
and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale or other disposition in respect of such 
Bearer Covered Bonds, talons or interest coupons. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
Registered Covered Bonds 
Registered Global Covered Bonds will be deposited with the Common Depositary (or, as applicable, common 
safekeeper) for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
UK-#752978185v12 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Covered Bonds will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 6.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds) as the registered holder of the 
Registered Global Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Covered 
Bonds)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds without Coupons or Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (a) in the case of a Registered Global 
Covered Bond registered in the name of the Common Depositary or its nominee, the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (b) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Registered 
Global Covered Bond (and any interests therein) exchanged for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds. The 
Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders of each Series of Registered Global Covered Bonds 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any registered 
holder of an interest in such Registered Global Covered Bond) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (b) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, CINS number which are different 
from the common code, ISIN and CINS number assigned to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least the Exchange Date applicable to the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system and/or additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
UK-#752978185v12 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date,  should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive") as amended or superseded, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[date] 
PIRAEUS BANK S.A. 
(LEI: 213800OYHR1MPQ5VJL60)  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
Under the  
€10 billion Global Covered Bond Programme

--- Page 152 ---
152 
UK-#752978185v12 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2023 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds 
is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] are available free of charge to the public at the registered 
office of the Issuer, from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents and from the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 August 2017 (and the supplement to 
it dated 24 October 2017), the Base Prospectus dated 17 October 2018, which is incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[⚫]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 25 August 2017 
(and the supplement to it dated 24 October 2017) and 17 October 2018. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms[,]/[and] the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) dated [⚫]]. Copies of such Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus] are available free of charge to the public at the registered office of the Issuer, from the specified office 
of each of the Paying Agents and from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Covered Bonds shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [insert date/the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond for interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond, 
as referred to in paragraph 20 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
[(i)] Series: 
[⚫] 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[⚫]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
UK-#752978185v12 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫] 
 
(N.B. Covered Bonds must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used, the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Covered Bonds in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000]”) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
(i) 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating Rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
(ii) 
Extended Final Maturity Date 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year, in each case falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year of the Extended Final Maturity Date]] 
 
N.B. If an Extended Final Maturity Date is so specified in 
the Final Terms of any Series, it must be the date falling 
46 years after the originally scheduled Final Maturity 
Date of such Series 
 
[If the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the 
Final Maturity Date, payment of the unpaid amount will 
be automatically deferred until the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on 
the Final Maturity Date must be paid by the Issuer (to the 
extent it has Covered Bonds Available Funds available 
for such purpose and in accordance with the Pre-Event of 
Default Priority of Payments) on each Interest Payment 
Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date. See Condition 7 
(Redemption and Purchase)] 
 
N.B. Zero Coupon Covered Bonds are not to be issued 
with an Extended Final Maturity Date unless otherwise 
agreed with the Dealers and the Trustee] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[[⚫]-month [currency] [EURIBOR] [+/-][⚫]% Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars as to interest specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the 
Final Maturity Date (or, if applicable, Extended Final

--- Page 154 ---
154 
UK-#752978185v12 
Maturity Date) at [100][●] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
N.B. The Covered Bonds, including Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, may require a redemption price of at least 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount.  
10. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Investor Repurchase Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. [Date [Board] approval for issuance of Covered 
Bonds obtained:] 
[⚫] [and [⚫], respectively] 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Covered Bonds) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year up to and including the Final Maturity Date 
(or, if applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date) 
[adjusted in accordance with paragraphs 13(iii) and 13(viii) 
below] 
(iii) Business Day Convention 
[Not 
Applicable/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) Business Day(s) 
[⚫] 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s) 
[⚫] 
(vi) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form) 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Covered Bonds in 
definitive form) 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] 
(ix) [Determination Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year / Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest payment dates which are not of equal durations. 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
13. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[⚫] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iv) below /, not subject to any 
adjustment as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable)]]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
UK-#752978185v12 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment as the Business Day Convention 
in (iv) below is specified to be Not Applicable)]] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/ 
Floating 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Business Day(s) 
[⚫] 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[⚫] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[[⚫-month [currency] EURIBOR] 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): [⚫] (the second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up to and 
including the Extended Final Maturity Date, if 
applicable 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫]  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the Euro)] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
- 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[⚫] per cent.] per annum 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[⚫] per cent.] per annum 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual  
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis

--- Page 156 ---
156 
UK-#752978185v12 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[[⚫] per cent.] per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Business Day(s): 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payments: 
[Conditions 7.6(ii) (Redemption and Purchase - Early 
Redemption Amounts)] and 7.9(ii) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Late Payment)] apply][30/360/Actual/360/Actual/365]/[Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions) 
[⚫] days 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee) 
16. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee)

--- Page 157 ---
157 
UK-#752978185v12 
17.      Investor Repurchase Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
            (i) Optional Redemption Amount 
[●] 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per  
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
20. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds: 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [ ] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Covered Bond which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice should not be expressed to 
be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Covered 
Bonds in paragraph 5 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].”) 
 
[Registered Covered Bonds: 
 
Registered Covered Bonds registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
21. 
New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes/No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]. Note that this item relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Covered Bonds have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Piraeus Bank S.A. as Issuer: 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly Authorised

--- Page 158 ---
158 
UK-#752978185v12 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading and 
admission to listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [●]. [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable. The Covered Bonds to be issued are 
unrated.]/[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated as follows:]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Covered Bonds of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:] 
 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
 
[DBRS: [⚫]] 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]] 
 
[insert legal names of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies) and associated defined terms] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
 
[Each of] [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 
and Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 on credit rating 
agencies (the "CRA Regulation") as set out in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to the CRA 
Regulation (for more information please visit the European 
Securities 
and Markets 
Authority 
webpage CRA 
Authorisation 
(europa.eu) 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Arranger/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue/offer. The [Arranger/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)

--- Page 159 ---
159 
UK-#752978185v12 
(N.B. When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)  
 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES: (Floating Rate Covered Bonds only). 
[Not applicable]/[Details of historic [⚫] [month] [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/other].] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Covered 
Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper [include this text for 
registered Covered Bonds]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] [Include this text if 
“yes” selected in which case the bearer Covered Bonds must be 
issued in NGCB form] 
 
No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Covered Bonds are capable of meeting 
them the Covered Bonds may then be deposited with one of ICSDs 
as common safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper [include this text for 
registered Covered Bonds]]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Covered Bonds will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
7.      DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
UK-#752978185v12 
(ii) If syndicated, name of 
managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]] 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]] 
(v) Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Covered Bonds do not constitute “packaged” products or the 
Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. 
 
If the Covered Bonds may constitute “package” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified. 
 
8.      EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of benchmark(s)], which 
[is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). [repeat as necessary]]  
9. EUROPEAN COVERED BOND (PREMIUM) LABEL 
Intended to be labelled “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be labelled 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)”, subject to the final 
assessment by the Bank of Greece, certifying the label, and 
provided that the Covered Bonds are in compliance with 
Covered Bond Law and Article 129 of the CRR. It does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be labelled 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)”. Such recognition will 
depend upon the Bank of Greece being satisfied that the 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)” criteria have been 
met.] [Include this text if “yes” selected] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them, the Covered 
Bonds may then be labelled “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the

--- Page 161 ---
161 
UK-#752978185v12 
Covered Bonds will be labelled “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”. Such recognition will depend upon the Bank of 
Greece being satisfied that the “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” criteria have been met.] [Include this text if “no” 
selected]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
UK-#752978185v12 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
and financing purposes.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
UK-#752978185v12 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
The Greek Covered Bond Legislation contains provisions relating to the protection of the Covered 
Bondholders and other Secured Creditors upon the insolvency of the Issuer. 
In the event of an insolvency or resolution of the Issuer, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation provides that the 
Cover Pool will at all times remain segregated from the insolvency estate of the Issuer until payment of any 
amounts due to the Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors has been made in full. Upon registration 
of the Registration Statements with the public registry, the issue of the Covered Bonds, the creation of the 
Statutory Pledge and the security in rem governed by foreign law (including pursuant to the Deed of Charge), 
the payments to Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors and the entry into of any agreement relating 
to the issue of Covered Bonds will not be affected by the insolvency or resolution of the Issuer. All collections 
from the Cover Pool Assets shall be applied solely towards payment of amounts due to the Covered Bondholders 
and other Secured Creditors. 
Pursuant to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, both before and after the commencement of insolvency or 
resolution proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Cover Pool may be autonomously managed until full 
payment of the amounts due to the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors has been made. The 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation requires that upon the commencement of insolvency or resolution 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Trustee appoints a special administrator, subject to a positive opinion 
of the Bank of Greece, to (among other things) monitor compliance of the Issuer with its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds, service the Cover Pool and ensure that the bondholers’ interests are not affected. The Bank of 
Greee may appoint the special administrator if the Trustee does not do so. Such person shall be obliged to 
service the Cover Pool in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The special liquidator or any other person appointed under the provisions of the Greek Law 4261/2014 to 
undertake the management of the Issuer in the event of insolvency of the latter, will be required to treat the 
Cover Pool as a segregated pool of assets on the basis of the segregation provisions of Article 14 of the Covered 
Bond Law.  
Following the placement of the Issuer under special liquidation in accordance with Article 145 of Greek Law 
4261/2014, the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors shall be satisfied in respect of the portion 
of their claims that is not paid off from the Cover Pool from the remaining assets of the Issuer as unsecured 
creditors in accordance with Article 6 of the Covered Bond Law. 
Furthermore, covered bonds are excluded from the liabilities that are subject to the bail-in tool of article 44 of 
Greek Law 4335/2015. Nevertheless, the resolution authority may exercise its power of conversion or write 
down, where appropriate, in relation to any part of a secured liability that exceeds the value of the security.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
UK-#752978185v12 
OVERVIEW OF THE GREEK COVERED BOND LEGISLATION 
The following is an overview of the provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be 
aware. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Greek 
legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds and prospective Covered Bondholders 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Introduction 
The transactions described in this Base Prospectus are the subject of specific legislation, the Greek Covered 
Bond Legislation. As mentioned elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, the Greek Covered Bond Legislation 
includes the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation (as this may be supplemented 
by a decision of (the Bank of Greece to be issued pursuant to and on the basis of the Covered Bond Law) , 
which replaced the previous Greek legal framework on covered bonds (consisting of Article 152 of Greek Law 
4261/2014, as supplemented by Act nr. 2620/28.8.2009 of the Governor of the Bank of Greece) and transposed 
the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision (which amended Directives 2009/65/EC and 
2014/59/EU) (the "Covered Bonds Directive"). The Covered Bond Law entered into force on 8 July 2022, 
while covered bonds issued prior to such date continue in principle to be governed by Article 152 of Greek 
Law 4261/2014. 
The Greek Covered Bond Legislation is supplemented by Greek Law 3156/2003 and Greek Law 4548/2018 
"Reform of law on sociétés anonymes" (the "Greek Company Law"), to the extent that the Covered Bond 
Law cross-refers to these laws. The Covered Bond Law has been enacted, with a view, inter alia, to complying 
with the standards of the Covered Bonds Directive and Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the "Capital 
Requirements Regulation" or the "CRR") and strengthening the conditions for granting preferential capital 
treatment to covered bonds by adding further requirements and entitles credit institutions to issue covered 
bonds with preferential rights in favour of the holders thereof and certain other creditors over a cover pool 
comprised by certain assets discussed in further detail below. 
The provisions of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation that are relevant to the Programme may be summarised 
as follows: 
Structure of the issuer – bondholder agent 
Contrary to the previously applicable framework on covered bonds (Art. 152 Greek Law 4261/2014), which 
permitted the issuance of covered bonds in two ways, either directly by a credit institution, or indirectly by a 
subsidiary of a credit institution, the Covered Bond Law only allows the direct issuance of covered bonds by 
credit institutions established in Greece. The segregation of the cover pool is achieved through a statutory 
pledge over the cover pool assets. 
Τhe bondholder agent may be a credit institution or an affiliated company in accordance with article 32 of 
Greek Law 4308/2014 of a credit institution entitled to provide services in the European Economic Area, in 
accordance with the provisions of Articles 64-67 of the Greek Company Law (Art. 5). The covered bond 
programme may also provide that more than one bondholder agents are appointed (separate bondholder agent 
per series of covered bonds or per issuance under the covered bond programme). Unless otherwise set out in 
the terms and conditions of the bonds, the bondholder agent is liable towards bondholders for wilful 
misconduct and gross negligence (Art. 14(3)).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
UK-#752978185v12 
Prerequisites for the issuance of covered bonds 
According to the Covered Bond Law (Art. 20), covered bonds may be issued by credit institutions that meet 
the following requirements: 
 
an adequate programme of operations setting out the issue of covered bonds; 
 
adequate and documented policies, processes and methodologies for the approval, amendment, renewal 
and refinancing of loans included in the cover pool; 
 
management and staff dedicated to the covered bond programme which have adequate qualifications and 
knowledge regarding the issue of covered bonds and the administration of the covered bond programme; 
 
sufficient organisation and IT infrastructure for the management and monitoring of the cover pool assets, 
so as to meet the requirements of the Covered Bond Law and any secondary legislation issued pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Law; 
 
a risk mitigation policy and appropriate mechanisms to monitor and manage risks arising from the 
issuance of covered bonds; and 
 
a detailed description of the competence of the service units and the committees involved in the issuance 
of covered bonds. 
The prior approval of the Bank of Greece is required for the issuance of a covered bond programme. 
Cover Pool – composition of assets and valuation 
The type of assets that may form part of the cover pool is regulated by Article 8 of the Covered Bond Law 
(transposing Article 6 of the Covered Bond Directive), as supplemented by the Secondary Covered Bond 
Legislation. Specifically, the Covered Bond Law provides for two categories of cover pool assets, i.e. (i) assets 
that are eligible pursuant to Article 129(1) of the CRR and (ii) other high-quality cover assets that meet the 
conditions of the Covered Bond Law and in addition belong to categories of assets that are specified as eligible 
in a decision of the Bank of Greece. The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation has not set conditions for other 
high-quality cover assets and the Bank of Greece has not issued any other related decision and consequently it 
is currently only permitted that the cover pool assets are assets that are eligible pursuant to Article 129(1) of 
the CRR. It is worth noting that Article 8 of the Covered Bond Law has not transposed subparagraph (c) of 
Article 6(1) of the Covered Bond Directive and consequently cover assets do not include assets in the form of 
loans to or guaranteed by public undertakings. Further, the Bank of Greece may also limit the eligibility of 
certain cover assets under 129(1) of the CRR and designate the specific classes of cover assets that will be 
permitted to form part of the cover assets pool and be included in covered bond programme under the Covered 
Bond Law. In this respect, the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation provides, inter alia, that loans secured by 
residential and commercial real estate assets are only included in the cover assets if the real estate is located in 
Greece, real estate assets under construction may not exceed 10 per cent. of the cover assets and that exposures 
referred to in item (b) of Article 129(1) of the CRR which qualify for the credit quality step 2 are excluded 
from the cover pool even if they do not exceed 20% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds. 
Securitised loans are not eligible to be part of the cover assets. The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation also 
provides that the limits referred to in paragraph 1a of Article 129 of the CRR shall not apply to exposures 
which are included in the cover assets to exclusively satisfy the liquidity requirements of the covered bonds. 
Cover assets considered eligible according to Article 129(1) of the CRR are primarily residential mortgage 
loans, loans secured by a mortgage on commercial properties, loans secured by a mortgage on ships and 
exposures to or guaranteed by state entities. The loans may be secured by mortgage prenotations instead of 
full mortgages (as is the practice for cost reasons in Greece). In addition, exposures to credit institutions (which

--- Page 166 ---
166 
UK-#752978185v12 
qualify for credit quality step 1) may be included in the cover pool up to a limit of 15 per cent. of the nominal 
value of the outstanding covered bonds. Exposures to credit institutions which qualify for credit quality step 2 
and 3 may also be included in the cover pool but will be subject to differing limits as set out in paragraph 1a 
of Article 129 of the CRR. According to Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law, derivatives may also be included 
in the cover pool, subject to certain conditions, including the requirements that the derivative contracts are 
included in the cover pool exclusively for risk hedging purposes, they are sufficiently documented and can be 
segregated by the issuer in accordance with Article 14 of the Covered Bond Law and that the derivative 
contracts cannot be terminated upon the insolvency or reorganisation of the issuer. Furthermore, in accordance 
with Article 13 of the Covered Bond Law, the Bank of Greece may set out rules for derivative contracts in the 
cover pool. To this effect the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation provides that a hedging agreement is 
eligible to be included in the cover pool if the counterparty falls under certain categories. 
Loans secured by residential mortgages are required to have a loan-to-value ("LTV") ratio of 80 per cent. 
Loans with a higher LTV ratio may be included in the cover pool, but they are taken into account for the 
calculation of the statutory tests and other requirements of Articles 17 and 18 of the Covered Bond Law and 
Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation described below only up to the amount indicated by 
the maximum LTV ratio permitted for the type of asset over which such loan is secured. 
The Bank of Greece has been empowered by the Covered Bond Law (Art. 8(4)(7)&(8)) to also set out specific 
rules for the valuation process of the cover pool assets and generally for the implementation of the Covered 
Bond Law, including in particular rules in relation to the risk diversification (especially in terms of granularity 
and material concentration) of the cover pool assets. The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation provides that 
derivative contracts are valued with the method of net present value. To this effect the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation provides that the evaluation of properties must be performed by an independent valuer and 
must be repeated on an annual basis in accordance with the valuation rules set out in Article 129(3) of the 
CRR. 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation provides that derivative contracts are valued at their net present 
value. 
The Cover Pool Assets may be replaced or supplemented by Marketable Assets which count only towards the 
overcollateralization portion of the Cover Pool. 
Benefit of a prioritised claim by way of statutory pledge – segregation of cover assets 
The cover assets are segregated from the remaining estate of the credit institution through a pledge constituted 
by operation of law (statutory pledge). In case of assets governed by a foreign law (which will typically include 
inter alia claims from derivative contracts), a security interest must be created in accordance with such foreign 
law. The statutory pledge and the foreign law security interest secure claims of the holders of covered bonds 
and may also secure (in accordance with the terms of the covered bonds) other claims connected with the 
issuance of the covered bonds, such as derivative contracts used for hedging purposes. The statutory pledge 
and any foreign law security interest are held by a bondholder agent for the account of the secured parties. The 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation provides that in order for a foreign law asset, governed by an EU law 
that is not Greek Law, to be included in the cover pool a legal confirmation that the established foreign law 
security is valid, in force and enforceable, pursuant to the provisions of the applicable law, must be submitted 
to the Bank of Greece (along with other documents). 
The claims constituting cover assets are identified by being listed in a document signed by the issuer and the 
Trustee (acting as bondholder agent). A summary of such document signed by the issuer and the Trustee (acting 
as bondholder agent) must be registered in the pledge registry of the seat of the issuer in accordance with 
Article 3 of Greek Law 2844/2000. The form of the Registration Statement has been defined by Ministerial 
Decree No. 95630/08-09-2008 of the Minister of Justice. Such summary document includes within its content

--- Page 167 ---
167 
UK-#752978185v12 
a description of the assets that constitute the cover pool. Claims may be substituted and additional ones may 
be added to the cover pool through the same procedure. 
Article 14 of the Covered Bonds Law creates an absolute priority of holders of covered bonds and other secured 
parties over the cover pool. Upon registration of the summary of the document listing the claims included in 
the cover pool, the issuance of the covered bonds, the establishment of the statutory pledge and the foreign law 
security interest and the entering into of all contracts connected with the issuance of the covered bonds are not 
affected by the commencement of any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
According to the Covered Bond Law the cover assets may not be attached. This has the indirect result that the 
Greek Law claims constituting cover assets are no longer subject to set-off, because, according to Article 451 
of the Civil Code, claims which are not subject to attachment are not subject to set- off. This is important 
because under generally applicable law borrowers, under the loans that become cover assets would have had 
a right to set-off, which would (if such right of set-off could be exercised by them) reduce the value of the 
cover pool, for all counterclaims (including notably deposits) predating the creation of the pledge. Also, the 
issuer cannot dispose of the cover assets without the written consent of the trustee, unless otherwise set out in 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds. 
No specific provisions exist in relation to voluntary over-collateralisation. As a result, the segregation applies 
to all assets of the cover pool, even if their value exceeds the minimum required by law (although please see 
the section entitled "The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation" below regarding the maximum value of cover 
pools and the section entitled "Insolvency of the Issuer"). The remaining creditors of the credit institution will 
only have access to any remaining assets of the cover pool after the holders of the covered bonds and other 
creditors secured by the cover pool have been satisfied in full. On the other hand, in the event of special 
liquidation of the issuer, covered bondholders and other creditors secured by the statutory pledge shall be 
satisfied in respect of the portion of their claims that is not paid off from the cover pool in the same manner as 
unsecured creditors from the remaining assets of the issuer. 
Bankruptcy remoteness and impact of insolvency proceedings on covered bonds 
According to Article 7 the Covered Bond Law, covered bonds do not automatically accelerate upon insolvency 
or resolution of the issuer. 
As described in the section entitled "Insolvency of the Issuer", Article 21 of the Covered Bond Law, provides 
for the appointment of a Special Administrator in the case of insolvency or resolution of the issuer. According 
to Article 6(1) of the Covered Bond Law, in case of insolvency or resolution of the issuer, holders of covered 
bonds have dual recourse both to the cover pool as secured creditors and to the remaining assets of the credit 
institution ranking as unsecured and unsubordinated creditors. 
Asset-liability management 
Article 17 of the Covered Bond Law provides coverage requirements that must be met for the full duration of 
the covered bonds, including that all liabilities of the Covered Bonds shall be covered by claims for payment 
attached to the cover assets. More particularly, the Covered Bond Law provides that the aggregate nominal 
value of the cover assets must exceed by at least 5 per cent. the nominal value of the aggregate outstanding 
covered bonds. 
The Covered Bond Law authorises the Bank of Greece to issue decisions specifying the coverage requirements 
(and potentially rendering them stricter, only in case of cover pool assets that consist of high-quality cover 
assets of Article 8(1)(ab)). Section G of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation introduces a 
number of coverage requirements, including:

--- Page 168 ---
168 
UK-#752978185v12 
(a) 
The net present value of the liabilities deriving from the Covered Bonds and the other liabilities 
secured through the cover assets must not exceed for the duration of the issuance the net present 
value of the cover assets including derivatives contracts used to hedge risks of such assets. This 
requirement must be satisfied even in the assumption of a parallel shifts of the yield curve by 200 
basis points. 
(b) 
The amount corresponding to the payments of interest to the Covered Bondholders must not exceed 
the amount of interest that is expected to be collected during a period of twelve (12) months from 
the cover assets (including hedging agreements). 
Any claims in the cover pool where the borrower is in default in accordance with Article 178 of the CRR and 
claims in the cover pool that are in default for more than ninety (90) days are not included in the calculations 
for the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
See "Description of Transaction Documents – the Servicing and Cash Management Deed – Statutory Tests" 
for further details on coverage requirements. 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law provides that the cover pool shall include at all times a liquidity buffer 
composed of liquid assets (as defined in paragraph 2 of Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law) available to 
cover the net liquidity outflow of the covered bond programme. Such cover pool liquidity buffer shall cover 
the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow over the next one hundred eighty (180) days, using the extended 
maturity date for calculation purposes in the case of extendable maturity covered bonds. 
Transparency 
Currently, the issuer's reporting obligations and the disclosure of the cover pool as conducted via the summary 
registered with the competent pledge registry for the establishment of a statutory pledge are the basic 
transparency tools provided under applicable covered bonds legislation. The label 'European Covered Bond' 
may be used only for covered bonds which meet the requirements of the Covered Bond Law. Furthermore, the 
label 'European Covered Bond (Premium)' may be used only for covered bonds which also meet the 
requirements of Article 129 of the CRR. 
Asset monitor 
The compliance of cover pool assets with the requirements of the Covered Bond Law and of the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation is monitored by an asset monitor that is an auditor independent from the issuer of 
the covered bonds and from the issuer's auditor (Art. 15 of the Covered Bond Law). In case the asset monitor 
finds that the cover pool assets do not comply with the requirements of the Covered Bond Law and of the 
Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, it shall immediately notify the issuer who must take action to remedy 
the default without delay. Section I of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation, provides that 
the asset monitor shall monitor: 
(a) 
the observance of the limits of the cover assets and the coverage requirements for the duration of 
the issuance of Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the accuracy and completeness of the coverage requirements of Article 17 of the Covered Bond Law 
and of Section H of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation; 
(c) 
the accuracy of the cover assets and the observance of the provisions regarding valuation of such 
cover assets; and

--- Page 169 ---
169 
UK-#752978185v12 
(d) 
the observance of maximum percentages, as determined at the issuance of the Covered Bonds, 
regarding the composition of the cover assets. 
The Asset Monitor shall compose an annual report regarding, inter alia, the control procedures undertaken, the 
findings regarding the calculation of cover assets, an analysis of the cover assets verifying the observance of 
the coverage ratios, the re-valuation of real estate assets securing loans that are part of the cover assets and 
other information detailed in the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. This report is based on data as of the 
end of December, submitted to the Bank of Greece by 31 March of each year. 
Reporting duties of the issuer to the supervisor concerning covered bonds and cover pool 
Credit institutions that issue covered bonds shall provide reports to the Bank of Greece containing information 
on the eligibility of assets and cover pool requirements, the segregation of cover assets, the functioning of the 
asset monitor, the coverage requirements, the cover pool liquidity buffer and the conditions for extendable 
maturity structures (Article 22 of the Covered Bond Law). 
Risk-weighting & compliance with European legislation 
The risk-weighting of covered bonds (both Greek and foreign) is regulated by Article 129 of the CRR. 
According to this, as currently in force, bonds falling within the provisions of Article 52(4) of the UCITS 
Directive, as amended and in force, are eligible for preferential treatment, provided that the cover pool consists 
of the assets enumerated in paragraph 1 of Article 129 of the CRR and the provisions of paragraph 7 of the 
same article regarding the information provided to holders of covered bonds are met. 
Greek covered bonds issued under the Covered Bond Law comply with both the UCITS Directive, as amended 
and in force, and the CRR and, therefore, have the reduced risk-weighting mentioned above in Greece. 
According to article 129 of the CRR covered bonds as defined in point (1) of Article 3 of the Covered Bond 
Directive shall be eligible for the preferential treatment, provided they are collateralised by assets deemed 
eligible pursuant to that article and meet certain requirements set out in that Article. Since, the Covered Bond 
Law faithfully transposes the Covered Bond Directive, covered bonds issued pursuant to it shall have the 
preferential treatment of article 129 CRR, provided they also meet the remaining conditions set by that article. 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation was issued by the Bank of Greece on the basis of authorisations 
given by the Covered Bond Law, and adopted detailed and specific implementation rules of the Covered Bond 
Law, including rules, among others, in connection with the supervisory recognition of covered bonds; the 
requirements as to the issuer's risk management and internal control systems; the eligibility criteria as to the 
initial cover pool and the substitution and replacement of cover pool assets; the requirements in respect of the 
ratio between the value of the cover pool assets and the value of covered bonds, the ratio between the net 
present value of liabilities under the covered bonds and the net present value of the cover assets, the ratio 
between interest payments on covered bonds and interest payments on cover pool assets and the revaluation 
of the value of the real estate property mortgaged; the requirements for the performance of reviews and audits 
by the asset monitor; specific provisions regarding measures to be taken in the event of insolvency or resolution 
procedures in respect of the issuer; specific procedures for the submission of documents to obtain approval by 
the Bank of Greece in respect of the issuance of covered bonds; data reporting and disclosure requirements. 
The Secondary Covered Bond Legislation also imposes a limit on the proportion of a covered bond issuer's 
"available assets" that may be segregated as part of the cover pool or cover pools securing the covered bonds 
issued by such covered bond issuer. Save in exceptional circumstances, and with the approval of the Bank of 
Greece, the total amount of the assets forming part of a cover pool or cover pools should not exceed 20%

--- Page 170 ---
170 
UK-#752978185v12 
(twenty per cent) of the value of all of the covered bond issuer's "available assets" i.e. (i) claims that have been 
transferred to a special purpose vehicle in accordance with Article 10 of Greek Law 3156/2003 on 
securitisation, (ii) assets that are subject to reverse repos agreements and (iii) assets attached in favour of third 
parties. 
Administrative penalties and administrative measures 
The Bank of Greece has a range of supervisory, investigatory and sanctioning powers under the Covered Bond 
Law, including the power to impose administrative penalties and other administrative measures on credit 
institutions who are in violation of the Covered Bond Law, including (for example) issuing covered bonds 
without obtaining the requisite permission in accordance with Article 21 of the Covered Bond Law or failure 
to comply with the requirements in Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law in respect of a liquidity pool buffer. 
Such administrative penalties and measures include withdrawal of permission for a covered bond programme, 
issuance of public statements, issuance of cease-and-desist orders and administrative pecuniary penalties. 
Summary of the provisions of the CRR 
Article 178 of the CRR 
For the purposes of the section entitled "Description of Transaction Documents – the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed – Statutory Tests", paragraphs 1 to 5 (inclusive) of Article 178 of the CRR is set out as 
follows: 
"1. A default shall be considered to have occurred with regard to a particular obligor when either or both of 
the following have taken place: 
(a) 
the institution considers that the obligor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the institution, the 
parent undertaking or any of its subsidiaries in full, without recourse by the institution to actions such 
as realising security; 
(b) 
the obligor is more than 90 days past due on any material credit obligation to the institution, the parent 
undertaking or any of its subsidiaries. Competent authorities may replace the 90 days with 180 days 
for exposures secured by residential property or SME commercial immovable property in the retail 
exposure class, as well as exposures to public sector entities. The 180 days shall not apply for the 
purposes of point (m) Article 36(1) or Article 127. 
In the case of retail exposures, institutions may apply the definition of default laid down in points (a) and (b) 
of the first subparagraph at the level of an individual credit facility rather than in relation to the total obligations 
of a borrower. 
2. The following shall apply for the purposes of point (b) of paragraph 1: 
(a) 
for overdrafts, days past due commence once an obligor has breached an advised limit, has been 
advised a limit smaller than current outstandings, or has drawn credit without authorisation and the 
underlying amount is material; 
(b) 
for the purposes of point (a), an advised limit comprises any credit limit determined by the institution 
and about which the obligor has been informed by the institution; 
(c) 
days past due for credit cards commence on the minimum payment due date; 
(d) 
materiality of a credit obligation past due shall be assessed against a threshold, defined by the 
competent authorities. This threshold shall reflect a level of risk that the competent authority considers

--- Page 171 ---
171 
UK-#752978185v12 
to be reasonable; 
(e) 
institutions shall have documented policies in respect of the counting of days past due, in particular in 
respect of the re-ageing of the facilities and the granting of extensions, amendments or deferrals, 
renewals, and netting of existing accounts. These policies shall be applied consistently over time, and 
shall be in line with the internal risk management and decision processes of the institution. 
3. For the purpose of point (a) of paragraph 1, elements to be taken as indications of unlikeliness to pay shall 
include the following: 
(a) 
the institution puts the credit obligation on non-accrued status; 
(b) 
the institution recognises a specific credit adjustment resulting from a significant perceived decline in 
credit quality subsequent to the institution taking on the exposure; 
(c) 
the institution sells the credit obligation at a material credit-related economic loss; 
(d) 
the institution consents to a distressed restructuring of the credit obligation where this is likely to result 
in a diminished financial obligation caused by the material forgiveness, or postponement, of principal, 
interest or, where relevant fees. This includes, in the case of equity exposures assessed under a 
PD/LGD Approach, distressed restructuring of the equity itself; 
(e) 
the institution has filed for the obligor's bankruptcy or a similar order in respect of an obligor's credit 
obligation to the institution, the parent undertaking or any of its subsidiaries; 
(f) 
the obligor has sought or has been placed in bankruptcy or similar protection where this would avoid 
or delay repayment of a credit obligation to the institution, the parent undertaking or any of its 
subsidiaries. 
4. Institutions that use external data that is not itself consistent with the definition of default laid down in 
paragraph 1, shall make appropriate adjustments to achieve broad equivalence with the definition of default. 
5. If the institution considers that a previously defaulted exposure is such that no trigger of default continues 
to apply, the institution shall rate the obligor or facility as they would for a non-defaulted exposure. Where the 
definition of default is subsequently triggered, another default would be deemed to have occurred.". 
Paragraphs 1(d) and 1(f) of Article 129 of the CRR 
For the purposes of the section entitled "Description of Transaction Documents – the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed – Statutory Tests", points (d) and (g) of paragraph 1 of Article 129 of the CRR is set out as 
follows: 
"(d)  
loans secured by residential property up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that are 
combined with any prior liens and 80 % of the value of the pledged properties; 
… 
(g) 
loans secured by commercial immovable property up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens 
that are combined with any prior liens and 60 % of the value of the pledged properties. Loans secured 
by commercial immovable property are eligible where the loan-to-value ratio of 60 % is exceeded up 
to a maximum level of 70 % if the value of the total assets pledged as collateral for the covered bonds 
exceed the nominal amount outstanding on the covered bond by at least 10 %, and the bondholders' 
claim meets the legal certainty requirements set out in Chapter 4. The bondholders' claim shall take

--- Page 172 ---
172 
UK-#752978185v12 
priority over all other claims on the collateral;". 
Paragraph 1(c) and 1a of Article 129 of the CRR 
For the purposes of the section entitled "Description of Transaction Documents – the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed – The Cover Pool" and the Hedging Agreement Tests, paragraphs 1(c) and 1(a) of Article 
129 of the CRR is set out as follows: 
"(c) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or exposures 
to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are in the form of: 
(i) short-term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to meet the cover pool 
liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162; or 
(ii) derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that Directive, where permitted by the 
competent authorities; 
… 
1a. For the purposes of point (c) of the first subparagraph of paragraph 1, the following shall apply: 
(a) for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, the exposure shall not exceed 15 % 
of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing credit institution; 
(b) for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2, the exposure shall not exceed 10 % 
of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing credit institution; 
(c) for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 that take the form of short-term 
deposits, as referred to in point (c)(i) of the first subparagraph of paragraph 1 of this Article, or the form of 
derivative contracts, as referred to in point (c)(ii) of the first subparagraph of paragraph 1 of this Article, the 
total exposure shall not exceed 8 % of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing credit 
institution; the competent authorities designated pursuant to Article 18(2) of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 may, 
after consulting EBA, allow exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 in the form of 
derivative contracts, provided that significant potential concentration problems in the Member States 
concerned due to the application of credit quality step 1 and 2 requirements referred to in this paragraph can 
be documented; 
(d) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 % of 
the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing credit institution and the total exposure to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 % of the nominal amount of 
outstanding covered bonds of the issuing credit institution.". 
The Fitch ratings which correspond to credit quality step 1, credit quality step 2 and credit quality step 3 (for 
the purposes of references thereto in respect of the CRR, the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation) are set out in the table below: 
 
Credit Quality Step 1 
Credit Quality Step 2 
Credit Quality Step 3

--- Page 173 ---
173 
UK-#752978185v12 
Short-term 
F1+ 
F1 
F2, F3 
Long-term 
AAA/AA+/AA/AA- 
A+/A/A- 
 
BBB+/BBB/BBB- 
 
The DBRS Morningstar ratings which correspond to credit quality step 1, credit quality step 2 and credit quality 
step 3 (for the purposes of references thereto in respect of the CRR, the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary 
Covered Bond Legislation) are set out in the table below: 
 
  
Credit Quality Step 1 
Credit Quality Step 2 
Credit Quality Step 3 
Short-term 
R-1 (high), R-1 
(middle) 
R-1 (low) 
R-2 (high), R-2 
(middle), R-2 (low), R-
3 
Long-term 
AAA/AA (high)/AA/AA 
(low) 
A (high)/A/A (low) 
BBB (high)/BBB/BBB 
(low)

--- Page 174 ---
174 
UK-#752978185v12 
PIRAEUS BANK AND THE PIRAEUS BANK GROUP 
 
The following overview should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed 
information and the annual financial statements and the interim financial information, including the notes 
thereto, appearing elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
PIRAEUS BANK S.A. 
For the purpose of this section of the Base Prospectus, references to the “Piraeus Bank Group” or the 
“Group” shall be to Piraeus Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Name and legal form of Piraeus Bank 
Piraeus Bank was incorporated in Greece on 30 December 2020 pursuant to the laws of the Hellenic Republic 
at completion and as a result of the Demerger. Piraeus Bank S.A. operates under the laws of the Hellenic 
Republic.  
Piraeus Bank is registered in Greece (General Commercial Registry number 157660660000) and has its 
registered office at 4 Amerikis Street, 105 64 Athens, Greece. The telephone number is: +30 210 328 8000. Its 
website is: https://www.piraeusbank.gr.    
Overview 
Piraeus Bank is a universal bank, offering a wide range of financial services to retail and corporate clients, 
including retail banking, corporate and investment banking, small business servicing, e-banking, capital markets 
and related services, brokerage services, deposits and asset management, personal and private banking, treasury 
services and other ancillary services, such as real estate services, leasing and factoring. 
In Greece, Piraeus Bank is among the leading providers of banking services and credit to retail customers and 
is the leading provider of banking services and credit to corporate clients. In addition, Piraeus Bank is a leading 
provider of banking services to the Greek agricultural sector, offering innovative products such as contract 
farming and facilitating operations subsidised by the EU. The Group is also one of the leading advisers in capital 
markets and investment banking and leasing and shipping finance, as well as one of the market leaders in 
electronic and green banking in Greece. 
Piraeus Bank manages its business through the following operating segments: (i) Retail Banking, which 
provides services to the mass, affluent, small business (businesses with annual turnover not exceeding €2.5 
million) and public sector customer segments and distribution networks; (ii) Corporate Banking, which provides 
services to the large corporates (with annual turnover exceeding €50 million), SMEs (with annual turnover 
between €2.5 million and €50 million), shipping and agricultural customer segments; (iii) PFM, which covers 
fixed income, foreign exchange, treasury and institutional clients; (iv) the NPE Management Unit manages 
NPEs assessed as non-core business, irrespectively of whether these exposures are serviced by the Group or 
third parties. In addition, following the derecognition of Phoenix, Vega I, II, III, Sunrise I and Sunrise II 
securitised portfolios, this reportable segment includes also the senior and subordinated notes issued by the 
securitisation special purpose vehicles and retained by the Group. Furthermore, the respective segment includes 
certain equity participations classified as either Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income or Fair Value 
Through Profit or Loss, and certain associates (i.e. Strix Asset Management Ltd, Strix Holdings LP and Strix 
Holdings II LP)) and (v) Other, which includes all management-related activities not allocated to specific 
business segments, the management of REO assets, wealth and asset management activities, certain equity 
participations of the Group, and all funding transactions approved by the Group’s Asset Liability Committee.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
UK-#752978185v12 
Piraeus Bank has approximately 6.1 million bank customers (with an average duration of client relationship of 
approximately 14 years) through a network of 413 branches, comprising 389 branches, 14 light servicing points 
and 10 e-branches in Greece and one branch in Frankfurt as at 31 December 2022. As at 30 June 2023, Piraeus 
Bank’s network comprised of 387 branches, 13 light servicing points and 10 e-branches in Greece and one 
branch outside of Greece. In line with the Group’s rationalisation plan and the Group’s strategy to refocus on 
its core business, which consists of the Group’s retail and commercial banking activities and performing 
exposures in Greece, Piraeus Bank successfully divested all of its international operations.  
Organisational structure 
See Note 26 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report of Piraus Bank for a list of the Group’s and the Banks’ 
investments in consolidated companies as at 31 December 2022, which the Group defines as all entities over 
which the Group exercises control or has significant influence in accordance with IFRS.  
Business segment analysis 
The Group manages its business based on the following business segments: 
• 
Retail Banking—This segment includes the retail banking operations of the Group that are 
addressed to retail customers, as well as small businesses, the public sector core customers and 
other relevant retail networks (deposits, loans, working capital, imports-exports, letters of 
guarantee, etc.). 
• 
Corporate Banking—This segment includes the corporate banking operations of the Group, 
addressed to large corporates, shipping, SME and agricultural core customer segments, which 
are serviced centrally due to their specialised needs (deposits, loans, syndicated loans, project 
financing, working capital, imports-exports, letters of guarantee, etc.). 
• 
Piraeus Financial Markets (“PFM”)—This segment includes activities related to the fixed 
income, foreign exchange, treasury activities, including the management of the interest rate gap 
resulting from all banking activities, and institutional clients of the Group. 
• 
Wealth & Asset Management—This segment has the responsibility to form the overall 
strategy, product development and the framework for the offering of asset and wealth 
management services to individuals, businesses and institutional clients of the Group, as well 
as the monitoring and overall responsibility for the respective targets of the Group. This 
segment has the managerial overview of the subsidiaries Piraeus Asset Management MFMC, 
Piraeus AEPEY and Iolcus Investments AEDOEE.  
• 
NPE MU—This segment includes the management of any NPE lending exposures assessed as 
non-core business, irrespectively of whether the said exposures are serviced by the Group or 
third parties. The accrued fees payable to Intrum for servicing the Group’s NPE portfolio are 
recognised within this reportable segment. 
• 
Other—This segment includes other operations of the Group that are not included in the above 
segments. In particular, it includes all management related activities not allocated to specific 
customer segments and all funding transactions approved by the Assets/Liabilities 
Management Committee (“ALCO”). Following the most recent business segment architectural 
changes, this segment now includes the management of REOs, non-client related equity 
participations of the Group and international banking. 
On the basis of IFRS 8, business segments are identified in the internal reports that are sent to the Executive 
Committee and which are used to monitor and evaluate each segment’s performance. The changes in the results 
by segment are critical to understanding the performance of the business.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
UK-#752978185v12 
Piraeus Bank financial information  
The tables below present the consolidated Income Statement of Piraeus Bank for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022 and the twelve-month period ended 31 December 2022 and the consolidated 
Financial Position of Piraeus Bank as at 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022 and the twelve-month period ended 31 
December 2022 (as extracted from the audited 2022 Annual Financial Report and the unaudited management 
accounts of Piraeus Bank for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023 (such management 
accounts which have been prepared for internal purposes only)). 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
6-month 
period ended 
12-month 
period ended 
6-month 
period 
ended 
(€ in millions) 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited)  
31 December 
2022 (audited) 
30 June 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
Interest and similar income 
773 
1,667 
1,240 
Interest expense and similar charges 
 
(209) 
(363) 
(328) 
Net Interest Income 
 
564 
1,304 
912 
Fee and commission income 
 
222 
453 
236 
Fee and commission expense 
(39) 
(80) 
(35) 
Net Fee and Commission Income 
183 
372 
201 
Income from non-banking activities 
28 
64 
38 
Dividend income 
1 
2 
1 
Net gain/(losses) from financial instruments measured at 
FVTPL 
283 
 
364 
 
11 
Net gain/(losses) from financial instruments measured at 
FVTOCI 
109 
 
112 
 
2 
Net 
gain/(losses) 
from 
derecognition 
of 
financial 
instruments measured at amortised cost 
(20) 
 
(36) 
 
(2) 
Net 
gain/(losses) 
from 
loss 
of 
control 
over 
subsidiaries/disposal of associates and joint ventures 
281 
 
278 
 
29 
Net other income/(expenses) 
27 
55 
12 
Total Net Income 
1,455 
2,516 
1,204 
Staff costs 
(188) 
(435) 
(188) 
Administrative expenses 
(165) 
(328) 
(154) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(54) 
(104) 
(51) 
Total Operating Expenses  
(406) 
(867) 
(393) 
Profit/(Loss) Before Provisions, Impairment and Other 
Credit Risk related expenses  
1,048 
 
1,649 
 
811 
ECL impairment losses on loans and advances to customers 
at amortised cost 
(270) 
 
(523) 
 
(280) 
Other credit-risk related expenses on loans and advances to 
customers at amortised cost 
(61) 
 
(142) 
 
(79) 
Impairment (losses)/releases on other assets 
(9) 
(47) 
(7) 
ECL impairment (losses)/releases on debt securities 
measured at FVTOCI 
1 
 
1 
 
(1) 
Impairment on subsidiaries and associates 
(2) 
(2) 
-

--- Page 177 ---
177 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
6-month 
period ended 
12-month 
period ended 
6-month 
period 
ended 
(€ in millions) 
30 June 2022 
(unaudited)  
31 December 
2022 (audited) 
30 June 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Impairment of property and equipment and intangible assets (2) 
 
(4) 
 
(22) 
Impairment on debt securities at amortised cost 
(2) 
(5) 
(5) 
Other provision (charges)/releases 
3 
(12) 
(24) 
Share of profit/(loss) of associates and joint ventures 
(9) 
29 
(22) 
Profit/(Loss) Before Income Tax 
695 
943 
370 
Income tax benefit/(expense)  
(17) 
(130) 
(85) 
Profit for the period from Continuing Operations 
677 
813 
285 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued Operations: 
 
 
 
Profit/(loss) after income tax from discontinued operations 
(1) 
 
51 
 
- 
Profit/(Loss) for the period 
676 
864 
285 
 
 
 
 
From continuing operations: 
 
 
 
Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Bank 
678 
814 
285 
Non-controlling interest 
(1) 
(1) 
0 
 
 
 
 
From discontinued operations: 
 
 
 
Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Bank 
(1) 
51 
- 
Non-controlling interest 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
As at 31 
December 
As at 30 June 
As at 30 
June 
(€ in millions) 
2022 
2022 
2023 
Cash and balances with central banks 
9,591 
17,874 
10,520 
Due from banks 
729 
744 
704 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
548 
748 
1,349 
Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL 
182 
200 
190 
Derivative financial instruments 
1,830 
1,900 
2,279 
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 
37,326 
35,305 
35,737 
Loans and advances to customers mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL 
52 
51 
52 
Financial assets measured at FVTOCI  
1,485 
1,803 
1,273 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
10,176 
9,489 
10,915 
Assets held for distribution 
- 
332 
- 
Investment property 
1,522 
1,381 
1,753 
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures 
1,023 
534 
1,078 
Property and equipment 
723 
916 
741

--- Page 178 ---
178 
UK-#752978185v12 
Intangible assets 
301 
282 
320 
Tax receivables 
133 
144 
146 
Deferred tax assets 
5,958 
6,085 
5,859 
Other assets 
3,418 
3,558 
3,441 
Assets held for sale 
406 
303 
407 
Assets from discontinued operations 
 
- 
117 
- 
Total Assets 
75,403 
81,766 
76,764 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks 
6,922 
15,406 
7,658 
Due to customers 
58,331 
56,026 
58,317 
Derivative financial instruments 
656 
775 
632 
Debt securities in issue 
849 
981 
869 
Other borrowed funds  
819 
769 
803 
Current income tax liabilities 
6 
7 
13 
Deferred tax liabilities  
10 
9 
9 
Retirement and termination benefit obligations 
55 
66 
50 
Provisions 
122 
130 
145 
Other liabilities 
1,120 
1,238 
1,399 
Liabilities held for sale 
2 
2 
2 
Liabilities from discontinued operations 
- 
28 
- 
Total Liabilities 
68,891 
75,437 
69,897 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital (ordinary shares) 
5,345 
5,345 
5,345 
Share premium 
1,715 
1,715 
1,715 
Other equity instruments 
600 
600 
600 
Other reserves and retained earnings 
(1,167) 
(1,349) 
(827) 
Capital 
and 
Reserves 
Attributable 
to 
Equity 
Holders of the Bank 
6,494 
6,312 
6,833 
Non-controlling interest 
18 
18 
34 
Total Equity 
 
6,511 
6,329 
6,867 
 
 
 
 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
75,403 
81,766 
76,764 
 
Overview of the Group’s products, services and activities 
The Group provides a wide variety of banking products and services to retail and corporate customers. The 
Group is active in retail banking, corporate banking, shipping, investment banking, e-banking, agricultural and 
green banking, and provide services in equity brokerage and asset management. 
The majority of Piraeus Bank Group’s banking business is in Greece and includes retail, commercial and 
investment banking, as well as asset management. The Group’s international banking operations solely include 
one branch in Frankfurt. 
The following table sets out the Group’s loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and due to customers 
as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
(€ in millions) 
2021 
2022 
36,497 
37,326

--- Page 179 ---
179 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
(€ in millions) 
2021 
2022 
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost 
(net carrying amount) ..................................................   
 
Due to customers .........................................................  55,385 
58,331 
 
As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s loans and advances to customers at amortised cost amounted to €35.7 billion, 
from €37.3 billion as at 31 December 2022. 
 
Retail banking 
General 
The Group conducts its retail banking activities in Greece through its branch network and its e-branches, as 
well as through its alternative delivery channels, such as its online banking platform, Winbank. The Group’s 
Retail Banking customer segments, such as mass retail, affluent banking and small business banking, offer a 
wide range of different types of deposit, credit and investment products, including savings or current accounts, 
term deposits, investment products, consumer loans and mortgages, credit cards, bancassurance products and 
insurance brokerage, as well as a wide spectrum of banking services.  
The Group’s main distribution channels 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a network of 389 branches in Greece (387 branches as at 30 June 
2023). The Group’s Greek branch network covers all of the main urban, suburban and rural areas in Greece. 
Moreover, the Group’s Greek operations have working relationships with more than 700 banks from all over 
the world, offering services to its customers in domestic and cross-border transactions. 
The table below presents the geographical location of the Group’s domestic branch network as at 30 June 2023: 
Region of Greece 
Branches 
% 
Attica ................................................................................................... 
136 
35 
Central Macedonia .............................................................................. 
63 
16 
Peloponnese ......................................................................................... 
22 
6 
Western Greece ................................................................................... 
23 
6 
Crete .................................................................................................... 
25 
6 
Eastern Macedonia and Thrace ........................................................... 
23 
6 
Continental Greece .............................................................................. 
24 
6 
Thessaly ............................................................................................... 
21 
5 
Southern Aegean Sea .......................................................................... 
17 
4 
Epirus .................................................................................................. 
9 
2 
Western Macedonia ............................................................................. 
10 
3 
Ionian Sea ............................................................................................ 
5 
1 
Northern Aegean Sea .......................................................................... 
9 
2 
Total .................................................................................................... 
387 
100 
The Group has the largest ATM network in Greece, with a market share of over 33 per cent. as at 30 June 2023. 
The Group’s ATM network in Greece as at 30 June 2023 consisted of 2,029 ATMs (out of a total of 6,501 
ATMs), of which 867 ATMs were located at its branches (on-site ATMs) and 1,162 ATMs were located at 
other select public and commercial locations (off-site ATMs).

--- Page 180 ---
180 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group also has a network of automated service machines (APS), with 30 machines throughout Greece as 
at 30 June 2023, both for its customer transactions and for use by the general public (for payments of public 
utility bills, VAT payments and social security contribution payments, as well as for the purchase of prepaid 
mobile talk time and the purchase of tickets for theatre performances, etc.). 
The ATM network (which is accessible to customers through the use of debit cards) is linked to the DIAS 
Interbank Payment System, through which all of the interbank transactions in relation to retail payments through 
the Greek banking system, including funds transfers, cheque payments, automated interbank transactions 
through ATMs, payroll and pension payments and others, are processed, cleared and settled.  
Based on the continuous effort to upgrade the quality of customer service, new branches were created with an 
emphasis on digital transactions, which provide all of the Bank's products and services. These are the six new 
e-Spokes branches, which, together with the 10 e-branches, offer Piraeus Bank customers a Modern Banking 
Experience. 
Retail deposit and investment products 
The Group offers its retail customers a wide range of depositary and investment products in Euro and other 
major foreign currencies. The Group’s retail customers’ deposit balances amounted to €40.5 billion as at 30 
June 2023. 
Retail lending  
The Group places particular effort in the enhancement of its mortgage customer services, through a careful 
analysis of customers in its integrated mortgage portfolio. 
At 31 December 2022, the Group’s total portfolio grossed up with PPA adjustment of consumer credit products, 
including mortgages, consumer personal and other loans, and credit cards was €8.8 billion. 
The following table presents the gross carrying amounts, grossed up with PPA adjustment, of the Group’s retail 
portfolio as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
 
 
As at 31 
December 
 
As at 31 
December 
(€ in millions) 
2021 
2022 
Mortgages ..................................................................... 
7,195 
6,879 
Consumer/personal loans and other loans .................... 
1,503 
1,410 
Credit cards ................................................................... 
491 
485 
Total ............................................................................. 
9,188 
8,774 
 
Mortgage lending 
The Group offers a wide range of mortgage products, with floating, fixed or a combination of fixed and floating 
interest rates to finance the purchase of property, construction, repair, completion or the purchase of land or 
remortgaging. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s portfolio of mortgage loans amounted to €6.9 billion.  
Consumer, personal and other loans and credit cards

--- Page 181 ---
181 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group offers a wide range of personal consumer loans and credit cards. The Group’s consumer loan and 
credit cards portfolio amounted to €1.9 billion as at 31 December 2022. The Group is one of the main card 
issuers in Greece with approximately 5.7 million cards in circulation as at the end of 2022. During the year 
2022, the value of card transactions reached €15.5 billion with 534 million card transactions, recording an 
annual increase of 20.3 per cent. 
The Group has upgraded its products with contactless transaction technology to enhance its position as a 
provider of high-tech and innovative products and improve its customers’ experience.  
Commercial and corporate banking 
General 
In Greece, the Group has historically held a strong position in commercial financing and corporate banking. 
The Group offers its corporate clients a wide range of products and services, including financial and investment 
advisory services, deposit accounts, loans (denominated in both Euro and other currencies), foreign exchange, 
insurance products, custody arrangements and trade finance services, leasing and factoring. 
Corporate deposits 
As at 30 June 2023, corporate deposit balances amounted to €17.8 billion, compared to €17.5 billion as at 31 
December 2022.  
Corporate lending 
The Group’s business financing maintains significant diversity in all sectors of the economy, with an emphasis 
on SMEs (enterprises with an annual turnover between €2.5 million and €50 million). It offers corporate 
accounts with overdraft facilities, foreign currency loans, variable rate loans and currency swaps and options 
for corporate customers. 
The Group’s commercial lending is primarily in the form of credit lines, which are generally at variable rates 
of interest. In addition, the Group provides letters of credit and guarantees for its clients. The Group lends to all 
corporate sectors, with particular emphasis on trade, industry, construction, tourism and shipping. 
Total loans and advances to corporates and the public sector (including large corporates, SMEs and the public 
sector), grossed up with PPA adjustment, amounted to €30 billion as at 31 December 2022. 
The table below provides information on the Group’s total gross carrying amount grossed up with PPA 
adjustment of the corporate loan portfolio as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
 
As at 31 
December 
As at 31 
December 
(€ in millions) 
2021 
2022 
Large corporate ............................................................. 
18,025 
19,085 
SMEs ............................................................................ 
9,654 
9,257 
Public sector ................................................................. 
1,553 
1,623 
Total ............................................................................. 
29,232 
29,964 
 
Large corporate

--- Page 182 ---
182 
UK-#752978185v12 
The scope of the Group’s activities includes providing banking services, loans for complex transactions, project 
finance, real estate finance, and advisory services in connection with debt restructuring and large infrastructure 
projects (infrastructure advisory). 
The Group’s large corporate loan portfolio reached €19.3 billion as at 30 June 2023, through the provision of 
direct and indirect financing to corporates and sustainable investment projects. The Group focused particularly 
on wholesale and retail trade, and the industrial and energy sectors.  
The Group’s large corporate unit focuses both on strengthening its existing customer relationships and on 
further expanding its customer base within all production sectors of the economy, with emphasis on sustainable 
development, innovation and entrepreneurship. 
Loan syndications 
The loan syndications unit is one of the Group’s central units, which serves the entire syndicated loan portfolio, 
covering all the business loan units. The loan syndications unit aims to create added value through organising, 
structuring and monitoring syndicated loans and to act as an agent bank. The Group has been assuming the role 
of lead arranger and agent for corporate syndicated bond loans, structured financing for infrastructure and 
energy projects, convertible bond loans, debt restructurings and merger and acquisition financing.  
As at 31 December 2022, the Group was involved in 27 syndications for a total amount of €5.0 billion. 
Shipping finance 
The Group has historically provided financing for many of the largest Greek shipping companies, including 
Greek coastal shipping. The Group provides assistance to its customers in the implementation of their business 
plans, and it continues to engage in prudent risk management for the benefit of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ 
shareholders and customers. Services provided through shipping finance mostly relate to financing the purchase 
or building of ships, financing the operating needs of shipping companies and issuing letters of guarantee. 
As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s loans and advances to shipping companies relate to the financing of vessels 
with a gross carrying amount of €2.2 billion. 
SMEs and small businesses  
The provision of banking products and services to SMEs is the principal focus of the Group’s corporate and 
commercial banking activities. The Group operates 10 specialist Business Centres that are conveniently located 
across Greece alongside the Bank’s branch network, providing specialised products and services to SMEs. The 
Bank’s small business customer segment covers business customers with an annual turnover of less than €2.5 
million and business loans of less than €1 million. 
The Group’s activities in this market segment offer it opportunities to promote new products and services. 
Through the specialised small business customer segment, the Group has established a presence in the banking 
market for small businesses and manages a number of development programmes (guaranteed and co-financed).  
The Group’s small business customer segment is expanding its portfolio which amounts to €2.2 billion 
performing loans as of 30 June 2023, providing financing for over 5,000 customers in the year to date with a 
particular emphasis on loan provisions to healthy businesses and professionals through the specialised, co-
funded programmes of the European Investment Bank (EIB), European Investment Fund (EIF), and the Hellenic 
Development Bank, thus actively supporting entrepreneurship. Loans disbursed to SMEs and small businesses 
through these state sponsored programmes amounted to €400 million as of the end of August 2023. 
Agricultural banking

--- Page 183 ---
183 
UK-#752978185v12 
Piraeus Bank is a leading bank in the Greek agricultural sector and has strategically selected an integrated 
approach in order to support this sector. The broad range of the products offered to farmers include deposit 
accounts, funding tools to cover farmers’ needs for working capital, purchase of land, equipment and a first 
residence, as well as insurance product packages which are fully adapted to their needs. 
The Group has been involved in numerous programmes and initiatives providing liquidity and supporting Greek 
agriculture. Since 2012, following the acquisition of ATEbank’s business and pursuant to consecutive 
international competitions, the Group has been assigned the OPEKEPE seasonal funding facility, a bridge 
financing facility that provides EU funds to Greek farmers. The OPEKEPE seasonal funding facility is of a 
seasonal nature and serves as bridge financing, with disbursements occurring every year during the fourth 
quarter and repayments on the first quarter of the following year. Under the OPEKEPE seasonal funding facility, 
the Group provided disbursements of €1.5 billion as at 31 December 2022, which was repaid in the first quarter 
of the following year. The disbursement covered subsidies to approximately 700,000 Greek farmers. 
Development and sustainable banking 
The Group’s development and sustainable banking unit and bank relations (formerly known as “green banking 
& development programmes”) specialises in sustainable finance. It mainly focuses on designing products and 
services to finance and support innovative sustainable ideas, environmentally and socially responsible 
initiatives, and financial inclusion projects. The unit is also responsible for conducting sustainability 
assessments and environmental and social risk assessments for business lending. Part of the unit’s mission is 
the handling of relations with the Greek and international banking community.  
As part of its business, it manages the Bank’s relations with international and Greek development institutions, 
such as the Hellenic Development Bank (previously known as ETEAN), the European Investment Bank ("EIB") 
and the European Investment Fund ("EIF").Capitalising on these collaborations and driven by sustainable 
finance concerns, the unit created a wide range of financing tools, adapted to the permanent needs of Greek 
businesses, promoting their investment plans and satisfying their liquidity requirements.  
Green products  
The Group actively supports all of the key sectors of “green entrepreneurship” in response to challenges and 
requirements relating to climate change. Since 2006, the Group has offered specially designed “green banking” 
products to support various areas of the environmental and renewable energy business sectors. 
As at 31 December 2022, total funding to individuals and businesses for green products amounted to €1.43 
billion, measured at active loan balances. The majority of the loans have financed renewable energy projects 
and, in particular, photovoltaic systems, wind farms, small hydroelectric plants and biomass/biogas projects. 
The funding for individuals stood at €83 million, while €1.35 billion was allocated to business finance. Green 
financings constitute 0.9 per cent. of Piraeus Bank Group’s retail portfolio and 6 per cent. of the business 
portfolio. 
Piraeus Bank is the only Greek company and Greek bank included in the 2023 Financial Times list of 500 
Climate Leaders of Europe, for the third consecutive year, in respect of its performance in climate change 
management.  
Leasing 
The Bank’s subsidiary Piraeus Leasing S.A. (“Piraeus Leasing”), a member of the International Finance and 
Leasing Association (IFLA), engages in financial leasing of immovable property, machinery, professional 
vehicles and other types of physical assets. The portfolio under management includes the operations of Sunshine 
Leases, as well as the former Panhellenic Bank.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
UK-#752978185v12 
On 24 May 2022, the transformation of the three leasing companies was completed, with the aim of de-
recognising NPEs and optimising the efficiency of the leasing business sector within the Group. The 
transformation created the new company Piraeus Leasing, which manages the group’s serviced leasing 
portfolio, the company Sunshine Leases, which manages the portfolio of non-performing lease exposures, and 
the company Piraeus Property, which took over the management of real estate related to financial leases.  
The new Piraeus Leasing company is a new efficient scheme, exploiting economies of scale, with the ultimate 
goal of responding to the expanding needs of the market and the economy. According to the statistics published 
each year by the Association of Greek Leasing Companies (AGLC), the company has a 27 per cent. market 
share in total claims in 2022, ranking first amongst the leasing companies operating in Greece. 
Despite the unprecedented financial crisis caused by the war in Ukraine and the fact that 2022 was a year of 
transformation, the leasing companies in the first five months of the year before the demerger and the new 
company in the first seven months of its establishment recorded a net income of a total amount of €10.3 million. 
The continued dynamic is mainly due to the organic development and the use of its resources in the healthy part 
of financial leases. In particular, the new leasing contracts signed within the year amounted to €102 million, of 
which more than €93 million were disbursed within the financial year of 2022. 
Piraeus Leasing manages the leasing activities of the Piraeus Bank Group. The portfolio under management 
includes the operation of Sunshine Leases as well as the former Panhellenic Bank and amounted to 
approximately €1.4 billion as at 31 December 2022. 
Business factoring 
The Group has been offering factoring services since 1998, including domestic factoring services such as debt 
collection, management and account monitoring and advancing funds for companies’ outstanding claims. 
Internationally, the Group offers export credit, credit risk coverage, monitoring services, management and debt 
collection services. Factoring services are provided through the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary Piraeus 
Factoring S.A., which is a member of Factors Chain International (FCI) and the Hellenic Factors Association, 
with representation both on the board of directors and its sub-committees. Piraeus Factoring has repeatedly been 
awarded by FCI for the excellent quality of its services, taking fourth place as Export Factor in 2022 during the 
54th FCI Annual Conference.  
Investment banking 
Piraeus Bank provides financial advisory services on mergers and acquisitions and concessions, and offers 
consulting and underwriting services on the entire spectrum of Capital Market products (e.g., IPOs, share capital 
increases and corporate bonds). 
In 2022, the Bank successfully participated in major privatisations, M&As, underwriting projects, etc. 
This included, in 2022, in its capacity as financial adviser to the Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund 
(“HRADF”), Piraeus Bank continuing to provide services in relation to the new 25-year concession of Attiki 
Odos. In September, a major energy infrastructure privatisation was closed, namely the sale of shares of Depa 
Infrastructure for a consideration of €733 million. Piraeus Bank had also provided financial advisory services 
to HRADF on this deal. 
In the private sector, Piraeus Bank assumed a leading role in all the public offers for the issuance of corporate 
bonds and their admission for trading on the Athens Exchange (ATHEX) (Premia REIC, Safe Bulkers 
Participations PLC, which  SA, and CPLP Shipping Holdings PLC), and acted as coordinator, lead underwriter 
and issue adviser for all the issues during the year. Piraeus Bank continued to play a key role in the issuance 
and public offering of corporate bonds by major shipping companies with Greek interests (issues by members

--- Page 185 ---
185 
UK-#752978185v12 
of the Safe Bulkers and Capital Product Partners groups) on the ATHEX, following the inaugural similar issues 
by shipping companies in 2021. 
Finally, in relation to public tender offers, Investment Banking assisted the Bank with regards to the takeover 
bid it addressed to the shareholders of Trastor REIC. 
Custody unit 
The Group offers a wide spectrum of custodian services to all classes of domestic and international institutional 
investors, and corporate, retail and private clients. The Group’s product offering includes settlement, 
safekeeping and asset servicing services in Greece, Cyprus and in global markets (through direct connections 
with ICSDs and global custodians). In addition, the Group is licensed as a general clearing member for local 
equities and derivatives, XNET markets, and for local energy products. Furthermore, the Group provides issuer 
services and underwriting services to companies listed on the ATHEX. 
In recent years, the Group has focused on marketing its custodian services and products, leading to an increase 
of its institutional client base and the processing of a large number of transactions. The Group has continued to 
offer and support all of the products available in the Greek capital markets including fixed income, equity and 
derivatives. The Group has also offered its services to clients internationally, with an increasing balance of 
portfolios, supporting all types of institutional clients and its international subsidiary bank network. 
Furthermore, the Group focuses on improvements to automation of applications and processes, responding to 
the growing challenges of the changes in the legal and regulatory framework, offering clients the maximum 
possible service by adopting innovative and flexible solutions in a risk-measurable environment.  
Piraeus Bank is consistently being ranked amongst highly reputable institutions, for the quality of its service 
offering in the international custody and securities services arena, in recognition of its expertise and long-lasting 
relationships with institutional clients across the globe. 
The Global Custodian magazine, for one more consecutive year, declared Piraeus Bank Best in Survey in 
Europe-Emerging Markets in the Asset Servicing and Risk Management categories. 
Piraeus Financial Markets 
Piraeus Financial Markets (“PFM”), is responsible for the effective management of liquidity, the optimal 
funding of the Group’s operations, ensuring access to international financial markets, handling exposure and 
risk in the foreign exchange, interest rate and fixed-income markets. PFM also serves institutional investors, 
such as insurance companies and brokerage firms.  
The Group’s Treasury & Financial Markets segment is active across a broad spectrum of capital markets 
products and operations, including bonds and securities, interbank placements in the international money and 
foreign exchange markets and market traded OTC derivatives. Its client base includes institutional investors, 
large corporations, insurance funds and large private sector investors. In its capacity as primary dealer of the 
Hellenic Republic, it is also active in the primary and secondary trading of Greek government securities, 
primarily euro-denominated securities, as well as in the international Eurobond market. 
Wealth & Asset Management 
This segment has the responsibility to form the overall strategy, product development and the framework for 
the offering of asset and wealth management services to individuals, businesses and institutional clients of the 
Group, as well as the monitoring and overall responsibility for the respective targets of the Group. 
Wealth and Asset Management, under which which Lamda DevelopmentPrivate Banking, subsidiaries Piraeus 
Asset Management, Piraeus Securities, Iolcus Investments, and Economic Research and Investment Strategy

--- Page 186 ---
186 
UK-#752978185v12 
operate, is responsible for formulating an overall strategic approach, the development of products, and a 
framework of services in private, corporate, and institutional asset management. 
Piraeus Asset Management MFMC (Mutual Funds Management Company), 
This segment is the Group’s investment arm responsible for the management of mutual funds as well as private 
and institutional investors’ portfolios.  
Piraeus AEDAK was one of the first companies in the sector to have ESG related criteria incorporated in its 
investment decision making process. Piraeus AEDAK’s involvement in ESG issues began in 2015, while it has 
been a member of the Principles for Responsible Investing (PRI) initiative since 2019. In 2022, it fully complied 
with the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (“SFDR Regulation”) and included ESG criteria in its 
investment policy. 
Brokerage activities 
Piraeus Securities S.A. is the Group’s brokerage arm, retaining a leading position across the entire spectrum of 
brokerage services: from equity trading on ATHEX and on all major exchanges worldwide, through offering a 
complete suite of products and services in cash and derivatives markets, as well as governmental and corporate 
bonds. Piraeus Securities S.A.’s sales and trading team provides a leading service to institutional clients. The 
Group’s equity research department combines an in-depth understanding of companies and global markets. As 
a founding member of the Athens Derivatives Exchange – ADEX, Piraeus Securities S.A. maintains a leading 
position in all Greek derivative products. 
In 2022, Piraeus Securities S.A. was positioned first in the Greek brokerage market for the fourth consecutive 
year, with a 23.21 per cent. market share according to the ATHEX. 
In 2022, the turnover of Piraeus Securities S.A. amounted to €15.8 million with pre-tax profits of €3.5 million, 
while its total assets amounted to €176.5 million with its equity amounting to €66.5 million.  
Central functions 
Electronic banking 
Payments to third parties from the Bank’s branches and digital payment channels are an important area of 
development in terms of partnerships and commission revenues. More specifically, during the year 2022, over 
455 businesses were serviced by the Group through its co-operation with the digital payments platform DIAS. 
In addition, the Group’s Easypay POINT service, which facilitates the payment of utility bills in selected 
locations, continued its upward trajectory in 2022, while retaining profitable points of retail partners, payment 
institutions and building new partnerships. Transactions increased, compared to 2021, by 47 per cent. and 
turnover by 52 per cent., ranking the service as the second payment channel in the Bank, both in terms of 
transactions and revenues. In parallel with the traditional bank network and in line with the Group’s strategy to 
innovate in the delivery of the Group’s services and points of access for its customers, the Group offers various 
e-banking services through Winbank, the Group’s electronic banking network. Winbank offers a full set of 
services through four different distribution channels: ATMs, a call centre, mobile phones, and the internet. 
The Group also offers the easypay point service, which enables third (alternative service) points (for instance, 
small retail points) to collect bills for their customers with the security and technological excellence which the 
Group provides. Through this service and other innovations offered by the Group’s e-channels and branches, 
the Group holds a leading position in the payments sector. 
The Group has also successfully embarked on the e-branch concept, which is designed to create a welcoming 
atmosphere coupled with advanced technology, including the landmark feature of a remote video teller being,

--- Page 187 ---
187 
UK-#752978185v12 
always with the support of the Group’s facilitators standing by to guide and educate the Group’s customers. As 
at 30 June 2023, the Group operated 10 e-branches. 
Payment services 
Piraeus Bank was the first bank in Greece to adapt its infrastructure and practices to the EU Payments Services 
Directive. Moreover, the Group continued the integration of its subsidiaries into a single payment processing 
platform relating to the processing of payments, with the aim of creating a common platform available in all 
geographical locations, but which is also adapted to local transactional practices. 
In 2022, the Greek payment market continued its growing trend, driven by the gradual fading of the impact of 
COVID-19 and in spite of the Russian invations of Ukraine in February 2022 and the energy crisis that followed. 
The Group is one of the main card issuers in Greece, with approximately 5.7 million cards in circulation at the 
end of 2022. During 2022, the turnover of card purchases amounted to €15.5 billion with 534 million 
transactions. 
Property and equipment 
Non-core assets 
Real Estate Management 
On 15 July 2022, the Bank established a new subsidiary, namely “Piraeus Real Estate Management”, a real 
estate management company. The Real Estate Owned (“REO”) Assets Unit, in its entirety, was transferred to 
the new company, as well as the operations of the companies Piraeus Real Estate Single Member S.A. and 
Piraeus Property Real Estate Management Single Member S.A.. 
Technology and infrastructure 
The Group's commitment to technological advancement and robust infrastructure is closely aligned with its 
overarching strategy and enterprise architecture, which centres on modernisation, agility and resilience. The 
Group places emphasis on optimising internal procedures to upgrade the quality and speed of completion of 
operations, while minimising operational costs. In the IT sector, emphasis is placed on installing applications 
that support the increase of the Group’s work and the upgrade of infrastructure aiming for the safest, most 
resilient and most effective possible operation. 
The development and improvement of IT systems has always been in the framework of optimising and 
integrating infrastructures, processes and systems which are required by the continuously changing business 
and economic environment, with the aim of achieving economies of scale, increased security and functionality, 
uniform management by the final user and, thus, increased competitiveness for the Bank. 
In the Main Data Centre in Athens and in the Disaster Data Centre (“DRS”), multiple systems have been 
installed to cover all products, processes and procedures of the bank (ATM switching, internet banking, anti-
money laundering AML/WLM, risk management, fraud management, collections, accounting and workflows, 
among others). The Group uses one of the most popular central banking systems in the world (“Equation” by 
Finastra), which is linked online in real time with a complete range of over 40 peripheral systems and 
applications. In the spirit of maintaining a state-of-the-art technology estate, the Group continuously tries to 
improve on crucial areas that highly affect both internal operations and interactions with its end customers. On 
the infrastructure side, the DRS in Thessaloniki has been relocated to an area inside the Attica region, thus 
boosting the resiliency of the whole Group in the unlikely event of a catastrophic failure by minimising 
disruption times. Failover to the DRS is highly automated and can be achieved in less than four hours.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
UK-#752978185v12 
In respect of IT security infrastructure, the Group has developed an integrated information assets security 
framework (based on National Institute of Standards and Technology, International Organisation for 
Standardisation (the “ISO”) and Payment Card Industry (the “PCI”) standards) as well as a data protection 
policy. Moreover, the Group maintains a data governance framework the main scope of which is to optimise 
data and information quality and security across the Group. The Group also complies with Bank of Greece 
Governor’s Act 2577 and the General Data Protection Regulation. 
Piraeus Bank is certified based on the internationally recognised ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and PCI DSS v3.2 
standards. The certifications cover the entire range of security, management and operations of the Group’s IT 
systems as well as the protection of the cardholder’s data and provide additional levels of assurance and 
confidence to the Group’s customers, shareholders and partners. In addition, Group Technology aims to obtain 
ISO/IEC 20000-1 certification in the near future in order to optimise its internal service management system 
(“SMS”) and consequently the overall performance of the organisation. 
An up-to-date multi-protocol label switching (“MPLS”) network covers the Group’s telecommunication 
requirements in Greece. One of the first networks of its kind to be installed in a Greek bank, it links the Group’s 
branches with the data centres via high-speed connections. An Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line network 
also exists as back-up support to the MPLS network, and in the event that even this connection is not possible 
(for example, due to cable outage), a GSM 4G network connection is on standby. To facilitate communication 
and collaboration between the various headquarters units and the branches, a central state-of-the-art 
videoconferencing system has been installed backed by cloud-based Cisco WebEx and Microsoft Teams 
collaboration products.  
The Group has one of the most sophisticated e-banking platforms in Europe, Winbank, which is designed and 
deployed in co-operation with Microsoft and has won multiple international awards and prizes. The platform 
uniformly supports all its electronic channels, such as internet banking, mobile banking, phone banking, SMS 
banking, payments and e-commerce, amongst others. Currently the Group is developing a new state-of-the-art 
cloud-native digital platform, the new winbank, to elevate further customer engagement and end-user 
experience. 
In parallel, Piraeus Bank has repositioned its focus towards cloud supported operations for all future solutions 
closely following its cloud-first strategic approach, which fuels its digital transformation journey; indeed, 
Piraeus Bank was the first systemic bank in Greece to initiate a cloud transformation initiative together with 
Microsoft, one of the largest cloud providers in the world. The introduction of cloud supported operations and 
capabilities will ultimately unlock more refinement possibilities across all areas of the Group. The Bank, besides 
any custom solutions that will be powered by cloud, also embraces cloud-native SaaS solutions; a coherent 
approach has been followed to design the Data Estate migration to Cloud, aligned with the Bank’s overall 
strategy to move to the Cloud. 
Additional to the transformation initiatives described above, the Group is poised to reinforce its security 
landscape by introducing a brand-new Security Operating Model across the Bank with advanced processes, 
roles and capabilities along with several security-oriented initiatives. These initiatives, spearheaded by the 
Security department, will enable a more rapid and robust response to any possible bad-actor activity. Work is 
already underway in this area, by having a completely redesigned response to possible ransomware infections, 
to be implemented within 2023, and having already implemented a data loss prevention scheme.  
Besides the activities orchestrated by the Group Technology Unit, the Group Data Management & Analytics 
unit with the aim of transforming the Bank into a data-driven organisation is actively reforming the architectural 
estate, pertaining to the management and exploitation of governed and trusted data as well as the operating 
model that supports such activities. Initiatives completed already include the implementation of an enterprise 
data repository, the automated production of regulatory reporting and the implementation of a Metadata 
management framework.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
UK-#752978185v12 
Ultimately, the driving force behind the Group’s perpetual transformation and improvement effort is its 
unwavering commitment to achieving its business goals, which are the following: 
• 
Best-in-Class Operating Efficiency: The Group aspires to reach best-in-class operating efficiency to 
optimise its resources. 
• 
Revenue Growth & Diversification: The Group aims to grow and diversify its revenue streams to ensure 
sustainable success. 
• 
Optimised Return on Capital: By strategically investing its capital, the Group seeks to maximise returns.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
UK-#752978185v12 
PIRAEUS FINANCIAL HOLDINGS S.A. 
Name and legal form of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A (“Piraeus Financial Holdings”) was initially incorporated in Greece on 6 July 
1916 as Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme, pursuant to the laws of the Hellenic Republic. The ordinary shares of 
the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme have been listed on the ATHEX since 1918.  
Following the Demerger on 30 December 2020, the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme ceased to be a credit 
institution, retained activities, assets and liabilities not related to core banking activities and changed its 
corporate name to “Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A.”. Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A. (i) holds 100 per cent. 
of the share capital of the newly formed credit institution incorporated under the corporate name “Piraeus Bank 
Société Anonyme”, which substituted the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme, by way of universal 
succession to all the transferred assets and liabilities of the core banking operations of the former Piraeus Bank 
Société Anonyme, and (ii) is the direct or indirect ultimate parent holding company for all other companies that, 
prior to the Demerger, comprised the “Group”. 
Following the transposition of CRD V into Greek Law, Piraeus Financial Holdings, in its capacity as parent 
financial holding company of Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme, is required to seek approval by the ECB in order 
to act as the financial holding company of a credit institution within the meaning of article 4 par. 1 (1) of the 
CRR. Piraeus Financial Holdings filed an application for the requisite approvals after the enactment of the 
relevant law, which was granted on 18 January 2022, following the fulfilment of certain operational and 
organisational requirements. 
Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A. (former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme) with a distinctive title “Piraeus 
Financial Holdings”, is registered in Greece (General Commercial Registry number 225501000) and has its 
registered office at 4 Amerikis Street, 105 64 Athens, Greece. The telephone number is: +30 210 328 8100. Its 
website is: https://www.piraeusholdings.gr.  
Overview 
Piraeus Financial Holdings is a financial holding company within the meaning of article 4 par. 1 (20) of the 
CRR listed on ATHEX and holds 100 per cent. of the share capital of Piraeus Bank, the leading bank in Greece, 
measured by performing loans as at 30 June 2023, with a 26 per cent. market share, according to data from the 
Bank of Greece and the Group’s internal estimates. 
For further information on Piraeus Bank please refer to the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Piraeus 
Bank S.A.”. 
In addition, Piraeus Financial Holdings, as the parent company of the Group, holds 100 per cent. of the company 
“Piraeus Agency Solutions Single-Member Société Anonyme for the Provision of Insurance Products 
Distribution Services and Financial Services”. and the credit institution “JSC Piraeus Bank ICB” incorporated 
in Ukraine. It also holds 55 per cent. of the company “Snappi”, a digital bank for the provision of products and 
services to Greek clientele. Piraeus Financial Holdings also undertakes activities relating to: 
• 
the mediation and distribution of insurance products, the provision of insurance consulting 
services and insurance indemnities to third parties and companies of the Group, as well as the 
research, study and analysis of insurance issues; 
• 
the provision of specialised share registry services to domestic and/or foreign legal entities and 
other entities and companies; and 
• 
the provision of financial advisory services.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
UK-#752978185v12 
In addition, Piraeus Financial Holdings maintains information and investor relations services, as well as share 
registry services. 
The Group’s competitive strengths 
The Group believes it has several competitive strengths that allow it to respond to the currently challenging 
conditions in the market due to the high and persistent inflationary pressures, and is in a position to benefit from 
the improved economic conditions in Greece. These strengths include: 
Leading position in the Greek banking market with a strong distribution network and client relationships 
Piraeus Financial Holdings’ wholly-owned subsidiary, Piraeus Bank, is the leading bank in Greece, as measured 
by performing loans and deposits with 26 per cent. and 28 per cent. market share respectively as at 30 June 
2023, according to the Group's internal estimates (source: Bank of Greece). As at 30 June 2023, according to 
the Group’s internal estimates, the Bank had the largest distribution network in Greece, with 387 branches, 
serving approximately 6.1 million customers. 
Based on its internal market data, the Group estimates that its client satisfaction rate (as measured based on the 
TRI*M index method) stands at 81 on a scale of 1 to 100 and is in the top 33 per cent. of European banking 
benchmark.  
The Group believes the Bank’s extensive footprint and strong customer perception allows it to fully cover the 
Greek domestic market and to compete for deposits and lending opportunities more effectively. Additionally, 
the registered users to the Group’s e-banking platform, Winbank, which complements the Bank’s extensive 
branch network, grew by more than 9 per cent. year-over-year in June 2023, with a market share of 28 per cent., 
based on internal estimates. In June 2023, approximately 97 per cent. of all banking transactions were executed 
via digital channels, partially due to increased demand for digital banking services since the COVID-19 
pandemic, but also reflecting an ongoing trend toward increased digitalisation. 
In line with the Group’s strategy, the Bank disbursed €7.7 billion of new loans and increased its performing 
loan book by €2.7 billion to €28.6 billion as at 31 December 2022, while also increasing the Group’s deposits 
portfolio by €2.9 billion to €58.4 billion at the same date, up from €55.4 billion as at 31 December 2021. During 
the first half of 2023 the Bank disbursed €2.6 billion of new loans and its performing loan book expanded by 
€1.5 billion year-on-year, amounting to €29.0 billion as at 30 June 2023, while the Group’s deposits amounted 
to €58.4 billion as at 30 June 2023.  
Leading provider of financial products and services to businesses in Greece 
Piraeus Bank is a leading provider of credit and other banking services to the large corporate, small and medium 
sized businesses (“SME”) and small business customer segments in Greece. The provision of credit and other 
banking services to these customer segments has consistently been among the areas of principal focus for the 
Group’s commercial banking activities for more than two decades.  
In addition to the Bank’s nationwide branch network, the Bank provides specialised coverage and services to 
these customer segments with a dedicated network of relationship managers at its 10 specialised business 
centres (the “Business Centres”) conveniently located across Greece. The Bank’s small businesses and 
professionals’ unit manages its service offerings to small business customers, along with a network of small 
business specialists throughout the Bank’s branches. The Group’s solid market position within these customer 
segments offers it several competitive advantages, including significant opportunities for cross-selling products 
and services.  
The Bank supports businesses operating across a broad spectrum of industries, including manufacturing, craft 
industry, wholesale and retail trade, transport and logistics, energy, technology, housing and food services. As 
at 31 December 2022, the Piraeus Bank Group’s gross loans to the large corporate customer segment stood at

--- Page 192 ---
192 
UK-#752978185v12 
€19.1 billion. The Bank is also the main bank for a large number of SMEs in Greece, doing business with 
approximately 85 per cent. of all SMEs in the country. As at 31 December 2022, the Piraeus Bank Group’s 
outstanding loans to approximately 9,000 SMEs stood at €9.3 billion, with loans to small businesses standing 
at €3.1 billion. The Bank has approximately 525,000 clients within the small business customer segment in 
Greece. The Bank’s SME and small business customers, even though adversely impacted by the consequences 
of the prolonged financial and economic crisis in Greece, have generally shown resilience. The Group does not 
have a significant concentration of business loans in any specific industry and its business loan portfolio is 
geographically diversified across Greece. Further, the Group’s performing loan portfolio is not significantly 
concentrated on the top 20 company exposures in Greece (such exposure stood at approximately 13 per cent. 
as at 30 June 2023). 
The Group expects future credit expansion to be positively affected by solid and stable economic growth in 
Greece, which is expected to continue exceeding the EU average, and a healthy loan to deposit ratio in the 
Greek banking system which stood at below 70 per cent. in May 2023. Further support is expected from the 
funds of the Next Generation EU, the funding package available during the period 2021-2026, sponsored by the 
EU, which aims to alleviate the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. The Greek banking system is expected to 
leverage these EU funds in order to support the Greek economy and lay the ground for sustainable growth rates 
in the coming years. Six domestic banking institutions have signed agreements with the Ministry of Finance for 
the utilisation of €12.7 billion loans from the RRF. As at June 2023, 178 loan contracts have been signed, in 
respect of an aggregate of €6.8 billion of RRF eligible projects, while 425 projects have been submitted in total 
to "Greece 2.0", with their budget amounting to €15.7 billion, out of which €5.5 billion relates to banking 
financing. Piraeus Bank is at the forefront of providing banking financing to eligible projects, absorbing a higher 
than its market share proportion of new originations, according to internal estimates.  
Leading provider of financial products and services to the agricultural customer segment in Greece 
The Bank has strong banking relationships with approximately 700,000 agricultural sector customers in Greece. 
Since 2012, following the acquisition of ATEbank’s business and pursuant to consecutive international 
competitions, the Bank has been assigned the Payment and Control Agency for Guidance and Guarantee 
Community Aid (“OPEKEPE”) seasonal funding facility, a bridge financing facility that provides European 
Union funds to Greek farmers. Under the OPEKEPE seasonal funding facility, the Group provided 
disbursements of €1.5 billion as at 31 December 2022, which has been fully repaid in the first quarter of 2023. 
Traditionally, the agricultural sector has been an underserved and under-penetrated market in Greece, which 
the Group believes offers it opportunities for deposit collections and fee income generation through cross-
selling. As at 31 December 2022, gross loans to the agricultural customer segment stood at €2.9 billion, while 
deposits from this customer segment, which are mainly low cost, stood at €6.3 billion.  
Proven expertise in building strong strategic partnerships 
The Group has developed key strategic partnerships with prominent international and domestic market 
participants to support the Group’s business growth. Such strategic partnerships allow involved parties to cross-
promote, build on each other’s strengths, fill in gaps in areas of growth, share intelligence, attract new customers 
and expand business offerings to existing customers. These partnerships create a unique combination of strong 
local expertise in Greece and international know-how and structures, allowing the Group’s clients to access 
global solutions encompassing a complete offering of products and services in the domestic market as well as 
in international expertise. 
For instance, in the bancassurance sector, the Group has been building multi-year exclusive strategic 
collaborations with the insurance companies NN Hellas and ERGO Hellas, which provide insurance solutions 
for the daily needs of the Group’s customers. The objective of these partnerships is focused on the continuous 
development of sales of life, health, pension and general insurance.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
UK-#752978185v12 
In the asset management sector, the Group has acquired Iolcus Investments AIFM, an independent Alternative 
Investment Fund and Portfolio Management Company, headquartered in Athens, with total assets under 
management amounting to €1 billion. 
In the real estate management sector, the Bank has acquired a controlling stake in Trastor Real Estate Investment 
Company, one of the top-performing real estate platforms in South Eastern Europe.  
Moreover, the Bank is the only commercial bank in Greece that offers to its clients a comprehensive range of 
gold products and services, namely sales and purchases, appraisals, and storage facilities, as well as the 
distribution of gold bullion sovereign coins across Greece through the Bank’s partnership with The Royal Mint.  
Furthermore, Piraeus Bank has entered into a strategic joint venture with Natech S.A. to develop an independent 
innovative digital bank, called Snappi, for customers in Greece and the rest of the European Market for their 
financial and banking journey. Snappi, combining leading technological and banking expertise, will provide 
Banking-as-a-Service, Buy-Now-Pay-Later, digital onboarding and other Consumer Financial products, purely 
in a digital and agile manner. The structure is expected to commence operations within the retail market 
segment, reducing costs and time to serve, while generating additional revenue by tapping into the product 
offering opportunity. 
Lastly, by combining the strengths of the Group’s respective offerings and structures, and its highly 
complementary business models, the Group has found in Intrum a long-term partner to boost the efficiency and 
effectiveness of managing its NPEs.  
Experienced management team and highly qualified personnel 
The Group’s management team has significant banking experience with a demonstrated ability in leading the 
Bank into achieving tangible results in all areas of focus, restoring profitability, strengthening its capital and 
liquidity position and most importantly de-risking the Bank’s balance sheet from the NPEs.  
The Group’s management team has demonstrated leadership skills in pursuing and executing strategic 
initiatives, as well as positioning the Bank as a leader among its competitors in Greece, as measured by footprint, 
loans and deposits. Such leadership skills are exemplified by the successful and timely implementation of the 
Group’s 2015 restructuring plan (the “Restructuring Plan”), which consisted of, among others, the following 
strategic initiatives, the majority of which were executed from 2017 to 2019, and the implementation of which 
was a condition of receiving capital support from the HFSF:  
• 
streamlining the Bank’s branch network and the reduction of its employee base in Greece; 
• 
reducing total operating costs in Greece below €1.1 billion; 
• 
optimising the Group’s cost of funding by decreasing the cost of deposits; 
• 
improving the Group’s net loans to deposits ratio to less than 115 per cent.; 
• 
restricting the Group’s equity or subordinated capital support to any foreign subsidiary; 
• 
scaling down the Bank’s foreign assets’ portfolio; and  
• 
divesting the Group’s insurance activities (ATE Insurance and ATE Insurance Romania). 
The timely execution of the Restructuring Plan, as attested by the EU Commission on 31 January 2020, was 
coupled with the successful execution of the NPE Reduction Plan, which has led to the drastic and swift 
reduction of the Group's NPE exposure by €19 billion, of which approximately €18 billion was effected through 
the use of the HAPS.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
UK-#752978185v12 
The progress achieved by the Group’s management team was further evidenced by three successfully completed 
landmark capital enhancing debt issuance transactions in the international capital markets between 2019 and 
2021, commencing with the issue of a €400 million Tier 2 capital instrument in June 2019, the first such issuance 
by a Greek bank in a decade, a second €500 million Tier 2 capital issuance in February 2020 and an Additional 
Tier 1 capital instrument of €600 million in June 2021, the first such issuance by a Greek bank. Further to the 
above, the Group’s management successfully completed a €1.38 billion share capital increase in April 2021. 
The strategic partnership with Intrum was also another landmark transaction contributing to the successful 
furtherance of the Group’s strategy. 
Both the successful execution of the complex Demerger process and the effective management of the 
Contingent Convertible Bonds conversion were completed during 2020 and in January 2021, respectively.  
In addition, the completion of several important components of the Group’s Capital Enhancement Plan (as 
defined below), including: (i) the sale of the Bank's merchant acquiring business via a carve-out and sale of this 
business unit to Euronet Worldwide, for a total consideration of €300 million; (ii) the carve-out of the Group's 
non core equity participations portfolio and the long-term partnership for the management of these by a 
specialised outsourced professional asset manager; (iii) the first synthetic securitisation of performing loans in 
Greece, which has been repeated during 2021 and 2022 for a total of six such transactions for an aggregate 
gross book value of approximately €5.2 billion, serve as further evidence of the execution capabilities of the 
Group’s management team. 
Piraeus Bank delivered a transformative outcome via the execution of its NPE Reduction and Capital 
Enhancement Plan in 2021. The 2022-2025 business plan (outlined below under “The Group’s strategy”), 
announced in April 2022, aims to set distinct strategic priorities for the medium-term that will further enhance 
stakeholders’ confidence in the prospects of of the Bank’s franchise. The successful execution to date of the 
2022-2025 business plan has been evidenced by the achievement of certain targets set, one to two years earlier 
than initially planned.  
As such, the Group believes its management team has developed the strategic experience in setting targets with 
significant benefits for the Group and executing projects effectively. In addition to growing its business and 
leading the Group through the recent pandemic turmoil, the Group’s senior management team has a proven 
track record of innovation in banking products and services.  
The Group’s highly qualified personnel also play a critical role in its business. As at 31 December 2022, 77 per 
cent. of the employees of the Group were between the ages of 30 and 50 years. The Group believes that the 
quality of its human capital is a key factor in achieving it strategic goals and sees human resource management 
as a comprehensive set of actions and operations aimed at acquiring, retaining and utilising skilled employees 
who successfully and productively fulfil their roles.  
The Group is also firmly committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and to a work environment with equal 
opportunities for all employees, which creates strong relationships among the Group’s employees, based on 
accountability, meritocracy and transparency, a commitment manifested by the gender split in the Group’s 
employees, which was approximately 59 per cent. female and 41 per cent. male as at 31 December 2022, while 
with regards to total promotions in the Group for 2022, 59 per cent. were granted to female employees and 41 
per cent. to male employees. 
The Group’s strategy 
Over the past five years of its transformation (2018-2022), Piraeus Bank has laid solid foundations in aiming to 
become a fully de-risked and financially strong bank. The Group has worked towards sustainable profitability, 
a solid capital base, a strong liquidity profile and disciplined operating costs. Asset quality continues to improve 
with the Bank’s NPE ratio declining to 5.5 per cent. and the relevant coverage ratio increasing to 57 per cent. 
in the first half of 2023.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
UK-#752978185v12 
In May 2023, the Group presented its strategic goals for the period up to 2025, charting a clear course for the 
future. The 2025 Business Plan sets medium-term priorities that will further strengthen stakeholders’ trust in 
the prospects of the Group’s banking franchise and fully cater for the needs of its customers. 
The core of the Group’s strategy is to expand its position as a leading pillar of stability in the Greek economy, 
further supporting growth and innovation. 
The Group’s strategy focuses on 3 main pillars: 
• 
broadening and diversifying revenue streams, aiming at high return over capital employed; 
• 
reducing operating costs to achieve an optimal level of operational efficiency; and 
• 
incorporating a targeted performance approach as part of the credit expansion strategy. 
Strengthening the financing of the real economy is a necessary condition for the continuation of economic 
recovery. Therefore, efforts to address today’s challenges are stepped up to further boost the pace of sustainable 
financing. Towards this direction, the absorption of the resources provided by the RRF creates positive 
prospects and contributes decisively to the channelling of loans, to mitigate the economic impact of both the 
pandemic and the inflation crisis and make the economy more resilient and better prepared for the emerging 
opportunities of the green and digital transition. 
The Group’s targets include credit growth of approximately €6 billion in the period 2023-2025, reaching 
approximately €35 billion in performing loans by the end of 2025, focusing on sectors such as manufacturing, 
energy and hospitality. 
Piraeus Bank continues the implementation of its digital transition, as part of its overall transformation 
programme, which covers business and retail banking, as well as the Bank’s internal infrastructures. The Group 
aims to maintain strict discipline in limiting its operating costs and further increase its efficiency, targeting a 
cost-to-income ratio of approximately 40 per cent. by the end of 2025. The Group aims to increase efficiency 
by 2025, by further reducing costs, while investing in business development and new technologies. 
As a result of the aforementioned factors, Piraeus Bank aims to increase its return on average tangible equity 
RoaTBV to approximately 14 per cent. for 2023 and, subsequently, to 12 per cent. in 2025. The successful 
implementation of the Group’s plan will allow the potential distribution of dividends to Piraeus Financial 
Holdings shareholders, depending on the Group’s performance, market conditions, and supervisory 
requirements. 
In parallel with the pursuit of its financial goals the Bank is systematically moving towards sustainable banking. 
Aligning business objectives with social progress and harmonising relations with society, protecting the 
environment, and supporting business activities that generate environmental, social, and economic benefits, are 
among the Bank’s central strategic objectives. 
To this end, the Group has launched a new Energy Transition Project, a commercial programme/action plan, 
which aims to enable the Bank to play a leading role in its customers’ efforts to build a better and more 
sustainable Greek economy. With a structured approach, based on a deep understanding of the specific needs 
in each sector of the economy, and with priority given to power generation, real estate/buildings, and 
agriculture, the Group will promote a tailor-made approach to support small businesses and individuals. The 
Group’s energy transition aspirations include: €5 billion of financing by 2025 and an overall of €8 billion 
including bonds issuance and in-house mutual funds. 
For the Group, the robust implementation of the 2023-2025 Business Plan to date and the realistic assumptions 
on which it is based, allow the Group to be optimistic about achieving its goals, enabling it to support the Greek 
economy.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
UK-#752978185v12 
Recent developments 
Synthetic securitisation of performing loans in Greece 
On 11 March 2021, Piraeus Financial Holdings' subsidiary, Piraeus Bank, entered into a binding agreement 
with global investor Christofferson, Robb & Company for a synthetic (virtual) securitisation of performing 
SME and Corporate loans, with an aggregate gross book value of approximately €1.4 billion, in order to 
purchase credit protection, under a financial guarantee. As a result of the transaction, the Bank reduced its Risk 
Weighted Assets (“RWAs”) by approximately €0.8 billion and thus had a regulatory capital accretion of 
approximately €0.1 billion. The loans’ portfolio remains on the balance sheet of the Bank. The transaction has 
received all customary approvals and was completed in the second quarter of 2021.  
During 2022, Piraeus Bank completed four synthetic securitisations of performing loans, comprising mortgage, 
corporate/SME and shipping exposures (together the “Transactions”). In the context of the Transactions, 
Piraeus Bank has entered into financial guarantee agreements with: 
- 
Christofferson Robb & Company (CRC) for a €0.6 billion gross book value securitisation of performing 
shipping loan portfolios;  
- 
Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP and 400 Capital for a €1.4 billion gross book value 
securitisation of performing mortgage loan portfolio;  
- 
the European Investment Fund for a €0.5 billion gross book value first loss piece securitisation of 
performing corporate/SMEs loan portfolio; and 
- 
CRC as lead investor, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and VELD Capital for 
a €1.3 billion gross book value securitisation of performing corporate/SMEs exposures.  
Piraeus Bank has received recognition of SRT for all four aforementioned loan portfolios. 
As a result of these transactions, the Group reduced its risk weighted assets by circa €1.6 billion and thus 
enhanced its total capital ratio by approximately 80 basis points following the respective significant risk transfer 
approvals from the regulatory authorities. 
Share capital of Piraeus Bank  
The share capital of the Bank as at 31 December 2022 amounted to €5.345 billion divided into 5,345,329,653 
common voting shares with a nominal value of €1.00 each. 
Share Capital of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
As at 30 June 2023, Piraeus Financial Holdings’ share capital amounted to €1.163 billion divided into 
1,250,367,223 ordinary registered shares with a nominal value of €0.93 each. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Issuance 
On 9 June 2021, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that it had successfully completed the issuance of €600 
million Fixed Rate Reset Additional Tier 1 Perpetual Contingent Temporary Write-Down Notes (“AT1 
Notes”). The AT1 Notes are perpetual, with no fixed redemption date callable at par in 2026. They carry a 
coupon of 8.75 per cent., which is paid semi-annually in arrear. Settlement occurred on 16 June 2021 and the 
AT1 Notes were listed on the EuroMTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
NPE securitisations and sales 
Phoenix and Vega NPE securitisations

--- Page 197 ---
197 
UK-#752978185v12 
On 5 July 2021, the Group announced the sale through securitisation and derecognition of the Phoenix and 
Vega portfolios, in total €6.7 billion of gross book value, following the granting of all necessary approvals. Τhe 
distribution-in-kind to the shareholders of the shares issued by the Cypriot subsidiary, “Phoenix Vega Mezz 
Plc”, which holds 65 per cent. of the mezzanine and 45 per cent. of the junior tranches of the aforementioned 
NPE securitisations, in accordance with the respective resolution of PFH’s Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders dated 22 June 2021, was completed on 11 August 2021, on the envisaged timeline.   
Phoenix Vega Mezz Plc shares (ticker “PVMezz”) were listed on the EN.A. PLUS segment (Alternative 
Market) of the Athens Stock Exchange on 12 August 2021.  
Sunrise I NPE securitisation  
On 20 September 2021, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that the sale through securitisation and 
derecognition of the Sunrise I portfolio, with a gross carrying amount of €7.0 billion, had been completed, 
following the granting of all necessary approvals. 
Sunrise II NPE securitisation 
On 8 November 2021, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that the sale through securitisation and 
derecognition of the Sunrise II portfolio, corresponding to a gross book value of €2.6 billion, had been 
completed, following the granting of all necessary approvals. 
Project Dory - Sale of shipping non-performing exposures portfolio 
On 4 March 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings’ subsidiary, Piraeus Bank, completed the sale of a shipping NPE 
portfolio amounting to a gross book value of €0.25 billion to an entity affiliated with Davidson Kempner Capital 
Management LP. The total agreed consideration of the transaction reached €0.2 billion, or 53 per cent., of the 
portfolio gross book value. The transaction was completed after receiving all the required approvals, as well as 
the consent of the HFSF. 
Sunshine - Leasing NPE portfolio 
On 23 December 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that the Bank had reached an agreement with 
Bain Capital Credit, for the sale of 100per cent. of the Group’s leasing subsidiary Sunshine Leases 
(“Sunshine”), including a classified as Held-for-Sale (“HFS”) portfolio of leasing NPEs, of a gross book value 
of € 0.5 billion. The total consideration of the Sunshine transaction corresponds to approximately 26 per cent. 
of gross book value. On 5 September 2023, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that the Sunshine transaction 
had concluded.  
Sunrise III - NPE securitisation 
Further to the HAPS application submitted by the Bank in July 2022 for inclusion of the Sunrise III senior notes 
within the HAPS, the Bank entered into definitive agreements with Intrum AB (publ) and Waterwheel Capital 
Management LP for the sale of, in aggregate, 95 per cent. of the mezzanine and junior notes of the Sunrise III 
securitisation.  
The Bank will retain 5 per cent. of the mezzanine and junior notes of the Sunrise III securitisation, as per the 
relevant securitisation regulatory requirements, as well as the Sunrise III senior notes in their entirety.  
The transfer of 95 per cent. Class B and C notes to the investors will be effected upon fulfilment of the HAPS 
condition precedent. On 27 February 2023 the Bank received recognition of SRT.  
Completion of the aforementioned transaction is subject to the approval by the Hellenic Republic for granting 
a guarantee on the senior notes amounting to € 0.16 billion. The Sunrise III portfolio has been classified as HFS 
as at 30 June 2022.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
UK-#752978185v12 
Solar – NPE securitisation 
On 2 August 2022, Piraeus Bank, together with the other three systemic banks, submitted to the Greek Ministry 
of Finance a joint application for inclusion of the senior notes that will be issued in the context of the Solar 
Securitisation, of a nominal amount €320 million, in the HAPS Scheme, pursuant to Law 4649/2019. Following 
the rating and the binding offers received, the allocation for the Bank is at approximately € 0.1 billion, gross 
book value. The portfolio has been classified as HFS as at 30 June 2022.  
The Bank submitted applications to the HAPS and for SRT recognition in October 2022. Completion of the 
transaction is subject to signing of the commitment letter and SRT/HAPS approvals. 
Senna – NPE Portfolio sale 
On 29 June 2023, the Bank completed the sale of a NPE portfolio, amounting to € 0.3 billion gross book value, 
to Intrum Holding AB. The agreed total consideration reached approximately 21 per cent. of the gross book 
value. The NPE portfolio comprised mainly of small sized mortgages, as well as consumer and Small Business 
loans. 
Other NPE Portfolios classified as HFS 
On 30 June 2023, the Bank classified as HFS two NPE portfolios, namely portfolio Delta (Romanian NPEs) 
and Wheel II with a total gross book value of € 0.2 billion. The first transaction is expected to be concluded 
within 2023 and the second transaction was concluded in July 2023. 
Green Senior Preferred Bond of €500 million 
On 27 October 2021, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that its subsidiary Piraeus Bank had successfully 
completed the book building process for the issuance of a €500 million Green Senior Preferred Bond (the “2021 
Bond”) at a coupon of 3.875 per cent.. The 2021 Bond was successfully issued on 3 November 2021. The 2021 
Bond has a maturity of six years, an embedded issuer call option after five years and has been listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange‘s EuroMTF market. With this issue, Piraeus Bank is advancing its ESG agenda, 
demonstrating its commitment to support the Greek economy and makes another step towards the 
implementation of its medium-term strategy for meeting its MREL. 
Senior Preferred Bond of € 350 million 
On 28 November 2022, the Bank issued Senior Preferred Notes of nominal value € 350 million, maturing in 
January 2027, bearing an annual fixed interest rate of 8.25 per cent. for the first 3.5 years and reset once 
thereafter, at the prevailing mid swap rate plus 5.715 per cent. per annum (the “2022 Bond”). The 2022 Bond, 
having an embedded issuer call option after three (3) years, may be fully redeemed by the issuer on 28 January 
2026. The 2022 Bond is listed in the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s EuroMTF market.  
Senior Preferred Bond of € 500 million 
On 7 July 2023, the Bank successfully completed the issuance of a €500 million Senior Preferred Bond with a 
coupon of 7.25 per cent. for the first four years and reset once thereafter, at the prevailing mid swap rate pus 
3.692 per cent. per annum (the “2023 Bond”). The issuance attracted the interest of a large number of 
institutional investors. The 2023 Bond has a maturity of five (5) years, an embedded issuer call option after four 
(4) years and is listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s EuroMTF market. The issuance was part of the 
Bank’s strategy to increase its MREL, which is a requirement for all banks that are directly supervised by the 
ECB. 
Management of selected non-core equity participations

--- Page 199 ---
199 
UK-#752978185v12 
On 20 December 2021, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that its subsidiary, Piraeus Bank S.A. had entered 
into a long-term partnership with affiliates of Blantyre Capital Limited for the management of non-core equity 
participations owned by the Bank for an initial period of 10 years. The portfolio under management, with an 
initial perimeter of €0.2 billion, comprises certain equity interests that are unrelated to the financial sector in 
general and specifically to the Bank’s principal activity. The initial perimeter was allocated towards a newly 
established limited partnership in Ireland, named Strix Holdings LP, in exchange for passive limited partnership 
interests. The Bank also established an asset management company under the name Strix Asset Management 
Ltd, which manages professionally all equity participations placed by the Bank under the long-term partnership. 
Upon the disposal of the transferred portfolio, the Bank removed from its consolidated accounts the portfolio’s 
consolidated net assets and recognised its investment in Strix Holdings LP at fair value resulting in a gain of 
€184 million. The transaction will allow Piraeus Bank to optimise the value of its non-core equity participations 
by bringing such participations under specialised outsourced professional asset management overseen by 
affiliates of Blantyre Capital. 
Controlling Stake in Trastor Real Estate Investment Company 
On 21 January 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that its subsidiary Piraeus Bank has reached an 
agreement with WRED LLC (“WRED”), a company affiliated with Värde Partners, for the acquisition of 
WRED’s approximately 52 per cent. stake in Trastor Real Estate Investment Company S.A. (“Trastor”). The 
Transaction was completed on 28 February 2022, after receiving the required approvals, as well as the consent 
of the HFSF.  The cash consideration of the transaction amounted to €98 million (€1.25 per share). Following 
the acquisition of the 52 per cent. stake in Trastor, the provisions of the applicable takeover law for Mandatory 
Tender Offers (“MTO”) have been met and Piraeus Bank submitted a MTO for the remaining 3.25 per cent. 
free float of Trastor’s shares. On 20 June 2022, the period of the mandatory tender offer by Piraeus Bank was 
concluded. Following the completion of the mandatory tender offer, Piraeus Bank holds 98.4 per cent. of the 
total shareholding of Trastor.  
Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 
On 28 January 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that it is one of 418 companies across 45 countries 
and regions to join the 2022 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI), a modified market capitalisation-
weighted index that aims to track the performance of public companies committed to transparency in gender-
data reporting. This reference index measures gender equality across five pillars: female leadership and talent 
pipeline, equal pay and gender pay parity, inclusive culture, anti-sexual harassment policies, and pro-women 
brand. The 2022 GEI expands globally to represent 45 countries and regions, including firms headquartered in 
Colombia and Uruguay for the first time. Member companies represent a variety of sectors, including financials, 
technology and utilities, which collectively have the highest company representation in the index. 
Pollfish Acquired by Prodege 
On 1 February 2022, PJ Tech Catalyst Fund, a seed-stage technology fund operating out of Athens, Greece and 
backed by the European Investment Fund and Piraeus Bank, announced that its portfolio company Pollfish has 
been acquired by Prodege, a cutting-edge marketing and consumer insights company based out of El Segundo, 
California. 
Piraeus Bank and Euronet Worldwide initiate their strategic co-operation in merchant acquiring services 
On 16 March 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that Piraeus Bank successfully completed the spin-
off of merchant acquiring services to a new company and its subsequent sale to Euronet Worldwide Inc. The 
two parties had signed the relevant binding agreement on 16 March 2021, according to which Piraeus Bank and 
Euronet Worldwide start a new long-term strategic co-operation with respect to merchant acquiring, as well as 
the sale and distribution of relevant products and services. The total consideration of the transaction amounted 
to €300 million.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
UK-#752978185v12 
Piraeus Bank acquires Iolcus Investments 
On 5 April 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that its subsidiary Piraeus Bank had reached an 
agreement with the shareholders of Iolcus Investments AIFM for the acquisition of their 100 per cent. stake in 
the company. On 18 July 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that Piraeus Bank had completed the 
acquisition of 100 per cent. stake in Iolcus Investments AIFM, based on the relevant agreement signed on 5 
April 2022, having obtained all required regulatory approvals. The agreed cash consideration for the transaction 
was approximately €10 million. 
Strategic joint venture with Natech S.A.  
Following the 6 April 2022 announcement of strategic partnership with Natech S.A. to develop an independent 
innovative digital bank for customers in Greece and the rest of the European Market for their financial and 
banking journey, on 14 July 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings fully covered the share capital increase of the 
subsidiary, namely, Shnappi S.A., with €19 million. Post the completion of the share capital increase, Piraeus 
Financial Holdings holds 55 per cent. of the shareholding capital of Shnappi S.A. 
Piraeus Financial Holdings a constituent of FTSE4Good 
On 28 June 2022, Piraeus Financial Holdings announced that is once again a constituent of the FTSE4Good 
Emerging Index of FTSE Russell, for its performance in ESG. The overall score of Piraeus is higher than the 
average score of banks and the financial sector worldwide, in all three pillars of ESG. Piraeus was particularly 
distinguished in the sectors related to risk management, anti-corruption, and protection of human rights. As of 
May 2022, the index includes 536 companies, of which 142 belong to the financial sector and seven are based 
in Greece. 
2022 EU-Wide Climate Stress Test Exercise  
On 8 July 2022, the ECB announced the results of the first EU-Wide Climate Stress Test Exercise (“Exercise”), 
to assess supervised institutions’ level of preparedness for properly managing climate risk. Piraeus Bank scored 
at par with the average of the European participating banks in the Exercise, demonstrating that the status of 
challenges that the economy faces regarding climate change are similar to those affecting Piraeus Bank Group. 
The results indicated an advanced climate risk stress testing framework (module 1), where the Bank achieved 
a top ranking among European peers, while it also performed well on data quality. 
The Bank will use the results of the Exercise to further examine how to engage with its clients in order to direct 
them on a low-carbon path and hence manage potential sensitivities to long-term transition risk, high 
concentration of corporate exposures into carbon intensive counterparties, as well as short-term transition and 
physical risks. 
Piraeus Real Estate Management  
On 15 July 2022, Piraeus Bank established a new subsidiary namely "Piraeus Real Estate Management", an 
independent real estate management company. The Real Estate Owned Assets (REO) unit, in its entirety, was 
transferred to the new company, as well as the operations of the companies "Piraeus Real Estate" and "Piraeus 
Property". 
Preliminary agreement for the Imithea - Euromedica merger  
On 22 July 2022, the company Imithea Single Member S.A., owner of Henry Dunant Hospital, announced that 
it has reached an agreement in principle for the absorption of the Euromedica Group, with the aim of creating 
one of the largest health groups in Greece (Piraeus Bank currently owns 100 per cent. of Imithea Single Member 
S.A. and 29.35 per cent. of the associate company Euromedica). The absorption process will start soon and its

--- Page 201 ---
201 
UK-#752978185v12 
completion is subject to the approval of the competent Competition Authorities and the receipt of the corporate 
approvals provided for by law.  
Offsetting share premium with losses 
On 22 July 2022, the AGM of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Shareholders approved the offsetting of an amount 
equal to €14,557 million in Piraeus Financial Holdings’ “share premium” account by writing off equivalent 
losses (€14,557 million) in the general ledger account 42 “Accumulated losses carried forward”, which includes 
accumulated losses of €14,908 million and a tax-free reserve of €351 million. 
On 27 June 2023, the AGM of Piraeus Financial Foldings’ Shareholders approved the offsetting of an amount 
equal to €301 million in Piraeus Financial Holdings’ “share premium” account by writing off equivalent losses 
in the general ledger account 42 “Accumulated losses carried forward”. The said offsetting will be recognised 
in the third quarter of 2023 following ECB approval on 21 July 2023. 
Completion of MTO addressed to MIG Shareholders  
On 9 February 2023, the Bank submitted an MTO to MIG shareholders for the acquisition of MIG’s remaining 
common registered voting shares held by third parties, in line with the requirements of Greek Law 3461/2006. 
The period of acceptance took place from 24 February 2023 to 21 April 2023. The Hellenic Competition 
Commission (“HCC”) granted approval with regard to the acquisition of the additional shareholding in MIG in 
the context of the MTO on 13 April 2023. 
Effective from 13 April 2023 (the “HCC approval date”), MIG (excluding Attica Holdings S.A.) has been 
fully consolidated as a subsidiary of the Group.  Following the completion of the MTO, the Bank holds an 87.8 
per cent. shareholding in MIG. 
Following the increase of its shareholding in excess of one third of MIG Holdings S.A.’s (“MIG”) outstanding 
shares, the Bank launched on February 2023 a corollary MTO to the shareholders of Attica Holdings S.A., 
holding a total stake of 20.6 per cent., in order to purchase their shares at a price of €1.855 per share. The MTO 
was completed on April 2023. 
2023 EBA Stress Test Results 
On 28 July 2023, the results of the 2023 EBA Stress Test were announced. The 2023 EU-wide stress test was 
conducted by the EBA, on a much larger sample compared to previous years, covering 70 EU banks and 75 per 
cent. of total banking assets in the EU. 
The Group ntoed the announcement made by the EBA on the EU-wide stress test results and fully acknowledged 
the outcome of this exercise. 
The exercise assessed the performance of banks under a baseline and adverse scenario during the period 2023-
2025. In terms of scenario severity, the 2023 EU-wide stress test, featured the most severe GDP decline 
assumed, with the 3-year cumulative reduction in Greek GDP growth at -5.5 per cent., compared to the previous 
3 EU-wide stress test exercises. 
For the Group, the fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1 ratio) resulting from the stress test for 2025, 
the final year considered in the exercise, is illustrated below: 
 
 
 
CET-1 Ratio 
 
 
2022 
2025 
Delta

--- Page 202 ---
202 
UK-#752978185v12 
(a) Stress test “baseline” scenario 
 
11.5% 
14.3% 
+2.7% 
(b) Stress test “adverse” scenario 
 
11.5% 
9.1% 
-2.4% 
 
The adverse scenario results to a depletion of approximately 241 basis points for the 3-year period. The 
respective depletion in the previously conducted in 2021 stress test exercise was approximately 480 basis points. 
The adverse scenario results to circa 318 bps depletion at the year with the highest impact (2023). The Piraeus’ 
Group results of the 2023 stress test exercise imply a material improvement compared to the 2021 and 2018 
stress test exercises, as displayed below: 
 
Maximum Depletion 
CET1 Ratio end-period (“adverse”) 
Stress test 2018 
-8.9% 
5.9% 
Stress test 2021 
-6.1% 
8.6% 
Stress test 2023 
-3.2% 
9.1% 
 
History and development of the Group 
On 6 July 1916, pursuant to the laws of the Hellenic Republic, Piraeus Financial Holdings was incorporated in 
Greece as Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme. The ordinary shares of Piraeus Financial Holdings (as former Piraeus 
Bank Société Anonyme) have been listed on the ATHEX since 1918. 
On 23 July 2020, the Board of Directors of the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme approved the initiation 
of the demerger of its core operations by way of hive-down and the contribution of its banking activities into a 
new credit institution, “Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme” in accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of Law 
2515/1997, Article 57, paragraph 3, and Articles 59-74 of Law 4601/2019, as well as Article 145 of Law 
4261/2014. On 30 December 2020, the core banking operations of the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme 
were demerged, by way of hive-down, and were contributed into a newly formed credit institution incorporated 
under the corporate name “Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme”. The amendment of the Articles of Association 
(including the change of the corporate name of the former “Piraeus Bank S.A.” to “Piraeus Financial Holdings 
S.A.”) was approved by virtue of the decision of the Ministry of Development and Investments No. 
731/05.01.2021, which has been registered on the same day in the General Commercial Registry (G.E.MI) with 
Registration Number 2442564. 
Following the Demerger on 30 December 2020, the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme ceased to be a credit 
institution, retained activities, assets and liabilities not related to core banking activities and changed its 
corporate name to “Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A.”. Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A. (i) holds 100 per cent. 
of the share capital of the newly formed credit institution incorporated under the corporate name “Piraeus Bank 
Société Anonyme” (which substituted the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme, by way of universal 
succession to all the transferred assets and liabilities of the core banking operations of the former Piraeus Bank 
Société Anonyme and is currently operating as a credit institution), and (ii) is the direct or indirect ultimate 
parent holding company for all other companies. 
Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A. (former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme) with a distinctive title “Piraeus 
Financial Holdings”, is registered in Greece (General Commercial Registry number 225501000) and has its 
registered office at 4 Amerikis Street, 105 64 Athens, Greece. The telephone number is +30 210 3288100. 
Piraeus Financial Holdings’ website is https://www.piraeusholdings.gr. The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) is

--- Page 203 ---
203 
UK-#752978185v12 
213800OYHR1MPQ5VJL60. This website address is included in this Base Prospectus as an inactive textual 
reference only. The information and other content appearing on Piraeus Financial Holdings’ website are not 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The following list sets forth the most significant events in the history of the Group: 
1916 
● 
Establishment of Piraeus Bank. 
1918 
● 
The shares of Piraeus Bank were listed on the ATHEX. 
1963 
● 
Piraeus Bank was integrated into the Emporiki Bank Group in Greece. 
1975 
● 
Piraeus Bank came under state control within the Emporiki Bank Group. 
1991 
● 
Privatisation of Piraeus Bank. 
1996 
● 
Establishment of Tirana Bank I.B.C. 
1998 
● 
Acquisition of Macedonia Thrace Bank and Credit Lyonnais Hellas. 
● 
Agreement on the acquisition of a majority stake of Xios Bank (completion in early 
1999). 
2000 
● 
Triple merger of Macedonia Thrace Bank and Xios Bank into Piraeus Bank. 
2003 
● 
Merger of: (i) ETVA Bank into Piraeus Bank; (ii) Piraeus Investment S.A. into 
Hellenic Investment Company; and (iii) ETVA Leasing into Piraeus Leasing S.A. 
2005 
● 
Acquisition of 99.7 per cent. of Piraeus Eurobank A.D. in Bulgaria (renamed 
Piraeus Bank Bulgaria A.D.). 
● 
Acquisition of 80 per cent. of Piraeus Atlas Banka in Serbia (renamed Piraeus Bank 
Beograd A.D.). 
● 
Acquisition of 69.3 per cent. of Egyptian Commercial Bank in Egypt (renamed 
Piraeus Bank Egypt) and shareholding increased in August 2005 to 87.97 per cent.. 
2006 
● 
Merger and operational integration of the Group’s branch network in Bulgaria with 
Piraeus Bank Bulgaria. 
2007 
● 
Acquisition of International Commerce Bank in Ukraine (renamed JSC Piraeus 
Bank ICB). 
● 
Successful completion of the Group’s €1.35 billion share capital increase. 
2008 
● 
Establishment of Piraeus Bank Cyprus Ltd. 
2009 
● 
Issuance of redeemable preference shares without voting rights to the Hellenic 
Republic under Law 3723/2008 for a total amount of €370 million. 
2010 
● 
Creation of winbank Direct, the first online banking platform in Greece addressing 
the entire Greek market, including non-existing customers of Piraeus Bank.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
UK-#752978185v12 
● 
Establishment of Pillar II programme of the Hellenic Republic Bank Support Plan 
(securities issued by the Bank with the guarantee of the Hellenic Republic) under 
Law 3723/2008. 
2011 
● 
Successful completion of a share capital increase for €807 million. 
● 
Issuance of additional redeemable preference shares without voting rights to the 
Hellenic Republic under Law 3723/2008 for a total amount of €380 million. 
2012 
● 
Participation in the PSI, with the repurchase of all of the Group’s Greek government 
bonds, resulting in an overall impairment recognised in financial year 2011 and 
amounting to €5.9 billion before taxes. 
● 
Acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of ATEbank (the “ATEbank  
Acquisition”). 
● 
Acquisition of Geniki Bank, the Greek subsidiary of Société Générale (the “Geniki 
Acquisition”). 
● 
Capital advance of €6.25 billion by the HFSF and delivery of a commitment 
statement of €1.1 billion (of which €570 million was related to the ATEbank 
Acquired Business), in view of its participation in the programme for the capital 
enhancement of the Bank. 
2013 
● 
Acquisition of the Greek operations of the Cypriot Banks (the “Cypriot 
Acquisitions”). 
● 
Acquisition of MBG, the Greek subsidiary of BCP (the “MBG Acquisition”). 
● 
Sale of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ shareholdings in ATEbank Romania S.A. 
(93.27 per cent.) for €10.3 million. 
● 
Acquisition of the custody, settlement and related services in Greece of Bank of 
Cyprus, Cyprus Popular Bank and Hellenic Bank and the mutual funds distribution 
business of Cyprus Popular Bank. 
● 
Successful completion of the Group’s recapitalisation through the 2013 share 
capital increase, completed in July 2013 in the context of the Recapitalisation Plan: 
the Group raised €8.4 billion, of which €1.4 billion was from private funds, 
achieving significantly above the 10 per cent. minimum requirement of private 
sector participation (20 per cent.) (the “2013 Share Capital Increase”). 
2014 
● 
Successful completion of the Group’s 2014 share capital increase: the Group raised 
€1.75 billion of private funds through contribution in cash, issuance of ordinary 
registered shares and cancellation of the pre-emption rights of existing shareholders 
(the “2014 Share Capital Increase”). 
● 
Redemption of the Hellenic Republic’s preference shares of €750 million with the 
proceeds of the 2014 Share Capital Increase. 
● 
Announcement of the sale of ATEbank Insurance S.A. to Ergo Insurance Group, a 
subsidiary of Munich Re. The transaction was completed in 2016.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
UK-#752978185v12 
● 
Merger of Geniki Bank S.A. into the Bank. 
2015 
● 
Acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of Panellinia (the “Panellinia Bank 
Acquisition” and together with the Atebank Acquisition, the Geniki Acquisition, 
the Cyprior Acquisition and the MBG Acquisition, the “Acquisitions”). 
● 
Agreement between Piraeus Bank and Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P. for the 
disposal of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ participation (98.5 per cent.) in Piraeus 
Bank Egypt S.A.E., for $150 million. 
● 
Successful completion of the Group’s 2015 share capital increase: the Group raised 
€2,601 billion of private funds and HFSF funds through payment in cash, liabilities’ 
capitalisation and contribution in kind, issuance of ordinary registered shares and 
cancellation of the pre-emption rights of existing shareholders (the “2015 Share 
Capital Increase”). 
2016 
● 
Announcement of the sale of shares in Piraeus Financial Holdings’ subsidiary in 
Cyprus, Piraeus Bank Cyprus Ltd. 
2017 
● 
Announcement of the sale of the Serbian banking and leasing operations of Piraeus 
Bank Beograd to Direktna Banka A.D. to a local Serbian banking group that has 
been strongly growing its presence in the market, which completed in 2018. 
● 
Announcement of agreement with J.C. Flowers & Co. for the sale of Piraeus 
Financial Holdings’ entire shareholding stake in Piraeus Bank Romania, Piraeus 
Financial Holdings’ banking subsidiary in Romania, which was completed in 2018. 
2018 
● 
Announcement of the sale of a portfolio of non-performing and denounced 
corporate NPEs secured with real estate collateral with a gross book value of €1.4 
billion to Bain Capital Credit LP and a portfolio of non-performing and denounced 
unsecured retail consumer and credit card loans with a gross book value of €400 
million to APS Investments S.à r.l. 
2019 
● 
Completion of the sale of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ 98.8 per cent. shareholding 
in its subsidiary in Albania, Tirana Bank Sh.a. to Balfin Sh.p.k. and Komercijalna 
BankaAD. 
● 
Announcement of the sale of a portfolio of corporate NPEs with a gross book value 
of €507 million to an entity affiliated with Davidson Kempner Capital Management 
LP. 
● 
Announcement of strategic partnership with Intrum Hellas for the management of 
NPEs and REOs pursuant to which the Group has established a market-leading 
independent non-performing assets servicing platform in Greece. 
● 
Announcement of successful completion of the book building process for the 
issuance of €400 million subordinated (Tier 2 capital) notes due 2029 under the 
Group’s €25 billion Euro Medium Term Note Programme.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
UK-#752978185v12 
2020 
● 
Announcement of successful completion of the book building process for the 
issuance of €500 million subordinated (Tier 2 capital) notes due 2030 under the 
Group’s €25 billion Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
● 
Completion of the Demerger. 
2021 
● 
Conversion of the €2.0 billion Contingent Convertible Bonds into ordinary shares.  
● 
Completion of the €1.38 billion Share Capital Increase. 
● 
Completion of the issuance of the €600 million perpetual (Additional Tier 1 capital) 
notes. 
● 
Completion of the issuance of the €500 million Green Senior Preferred Bond. 
● 
Completion of the Phoenix, Vega, Sunrise I & Sunrise II NPE securitisation 
transactions amounting to a total €16.6 billion gross book value. 
● 
Announcement of long-term partnership for the management of non-core equity 
participations owned by the Bank for an initial period of 10 years. 
● 
Completion of the sale of shipping non-performing exposures portfolio. 
2022 
● 
Acquisition of controlling stake in Trastor Real Estate Investment Company. 
● 
Strategic co-operation with Euronet Worldwide in merchant acquiring services. 
● 
Strategic partnership with Natech S.A. to develop an independent innovative digital 
bank for customers in Greece and the rest of the European Market. 
● 
Agreement for the acquisition of Iolcus Investments. 
● 
Piraeus Bank issued a senior Preferred Bond amounting to £350 million. 
2023 
● 
Piraeus Financial Holdings included in the 2023 Bloomberg Gender - Equality 
Index. 
● 
Piraeus Bank issued a Senior Preferred Bond amounting to €500 million. 
● 
Piraeus Bank is named Best Bank in Greece by Euromoney. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a network of 405 branches (389 in Greece and 15 branches in Ukraine 
and one branch in Frankfurt), whilst its ATM network consisted of 1,928 ATMs. As at 30 June 2023, the Group 
had a network of 403 branches (387 in Greece and 15 branches in Ukraine and one branch in Frankfurt). As at 
31 December 2022, the Group’s customer deposits amounted to €58.4 billion (€58.4 billion as at 30 June 2023) 
and loans and advances to customers at amortised cost were €37.4 billion (€35.8 billion as at 30 June 2023). 
Organisational structure 
Following the Demerger on 30 December 2020, Piraeus Financial Holdings became the direct or indirect 
ultimate parent holding company of all operating subsidiaries in the Group (including Piraeus Bank, Piraeus 
Agency Solutions S.A., JSC Piraeus Bank ICB and Piraeus Bank Group Capital), while Piraeus Bank, Piraeus 
Bank Group Holdings’ wholly-owned subsidiary (apart from one share that Piraeus Agency Solutions S.A. 
holds), became the principal credit institution with responsibility for banking operations in the Group. None of 
Piraeus Financial Holdings’ subsidiaries (other than Piraeus Bank) represents more than 10 per cent. of Piraeus

--- Page 207 ---
207 
UK-#752978185v12 
Financial Holdings’ equity (assets – liabilities) or 10 per cent. of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ consolidated 
results after tax. See Note 17 of the Group’s Condensed Interim Financial Statements for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2023 for a list of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ subsidiaries and associate companies, which the 
Group defines as all entities over which the Group exercises control or has significant influence in accordance 
with IFRS. Piraeus Financial Holdings owns one more direct subsidiary named Snappi as of 30 June 2023. 
International operations 
With respect to the Group’s international operations, at the end of 31 December 2018, the Group had completed 
its commitments agreed under the Restructuring Plan and among other actions it had divested its international 
operations, and it now focuses on its core operations in Greece. The Group’s international exposure is now 
limited to one branch in Frankfurt and a small presence in Ukraine through a local subsidiary, namely JSC 
Piraeus Bank ICB. As at 30 June 2023, the investments in real estate assets represented approximately 0.2 per 
cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Group. 
Property and equipment 
As at 30 June 2023, the net book value of the Group’s property and equipment amounted to €747 million.  
Employees 
As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s headcount totalled 8,829 employees in the continuing operations, of which 
8,233 were employed in Greece and 596 abroad. As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s headcount, including 
discontinued operations, totalled 8,845.  
On 31 December 2022, the Group’s headcount totalled 8,604 employees in the continuing operations, of which 
8,271 were employed in Greece and 333 abroad. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s headcount including 
discontinued operations totalled 8,622. 
On 31 December 2021, the Group’s headcount totalled 9,270 employees in the continuing operations, of which 
8,904 were employed in Greece and 366 abroad. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s headcount including 
discontinued operations totalled 10,202. 
Among the Group’s total employees, 59 per cent. are female and 41 per cent. male. The majority of the Group’s 
employees, 77.5 per cent., is within the 30 to 50 year-old age group. The age distribution of employees is a 
major advantage for the Group. The age composition favours the introduction and implementation of changes 
in technology, methods and targets, as 79 per cent. of people are up to 50 years old. At the same time, the 
Group’s highly-trained employees provided invaluable support in offering efficient customer guidance and 
services in the financially critical year that elapsed. The Group believes that the quality of its human resources 
is a key factor in achieving the Group’s strategic goals, and the Group sees human resource management as a 
comprehensive set of actions and operations aimed at acquiring, retaining and utilising skilled employees who 
successfully and productively fulfil their roles. The Group also seeks to emphasise the promotion and 
enhancement of morality, trust, devotion, team spirit and diversity in the workplace. These values ensure equal 
opportunities in continuous employee development, as well as non-discriminatory practices in the recruitment 
process through the implementation of well-defined candidate selection systems. 
In the context of the harmonisation of Human Resources Policies, during the first half of 2022, the Benefits 
Policy was implemented, based on the new levels of responsibility of the Job Family Model. The Group's aim 
is to offer competitive benefit packages, utilising market data, in line with the Group's overall strategy to 
maximise performance, retain talent and ensure competitive advantage and sustainable growth. Investing in the 
adoption of employee benefits is important because it increases employees’ loyalty to the Organisation, their 
participation and productivity, retains their morale at a high level and can significantly contribute to improving 
their quality of life.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
UK-#752978185v12 
Voluntary exits in 2021 amounted to 899 employees, mainly due to the Volunatry Exit Scheme (“VES”) 
launched during that year. The VES cost for 2021 amounted to €25 million, while the provision utilised for the 
VES within the period ended 31 December 2021 amounted to €72 million. During 2022, another VES was 
implemented, with voluntary exits amounting to 574 employees and a provision booked for €57 million. The 
Group believes that it is in compliance with relevant laws, applicable contractual commitments and collective 
bargaining agreements. The Group’s senior management meets with the representatives of the trade unions at 
least once a month and informs them of the activities of the Group, including significant operational changes. 
All of the Group’s employees receive salaries and other benefits in accordance with contractual arrangements 
and collective bargaining agreements. 
Share capital of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
As at 30 June 2023, Piraeus Financial Holdings’ share capital amounted to €1,163 million, divided into 
1,250,367,223 common registered shares, with a nominal value of €0.93 each. Common shares of Piraeus 
Financial Holdings are dematerialised and listed on the Athens Exchange. 
On 27 June 2023, the AGM of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ shareholders approved a share buyback programme 
for the acquisition of up to 20,000,000 own common shares of Piraeus Financial Holdings in a price range 
between €0.75 (minimum price) to €5.00 (maximum price) per share, for a period of 24 months from the AGM 
resolution date, provided that at the time of acquisition, the conditions set out in the legislative and regulatory 
framework are met. The total cost of own shares buyback shall not exceed €15 million. As at 30 June 2023, the 
required regulatory approval had not been obtained, thus, Piraeus Financial Holdings’ equity was not affected 
by the share buyback programme. 
The AGM also approved the offsetting of an amount of €301 million in Piraeus Financial Holdings’ “share 
premium” account by writing-off an equivalent amount of accumulated losses carried forward, for which the 
corresponding approval by the regulatory authorities was provided on 21 July 2023, thus the said AGM 
resolution did not affect Piraeus Financial Holdings’ equity reserves as at 30 June 2023. 
No tender offer has been submitted for the acquisition of the Ordinary Shares, and hence the provisions relating 
to the squeeze out and sell out of the minority shareholders of Piraeus Financial Holdings do not apply at the 
time of this Base Prospectus. As Piraeus Financial Holdings is a significant supervised entity within the meaning 
of Article 6, paragraph 4 of Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, a change of control of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
and, as a result, Piraeus Bank, is subject to prior approval by the ECB through the SSM.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
UK-#752978185v12 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The Group presents several non-IFRS financial measures, which are intended to provide investors and the 
Group’s management with additional information with which to evaluate the Group’s financial position and 
performance. These measures are not always comparable with measures used by other companies and should 
be considered as supplemental to measures defined under IFRS.  
These measures are not required by, nor are they recognised under or presented in accordance with, IFRS, 
GAAP or accounting principles generally accepted in Greece. Each of these measures is an alternative 
performance measure (the “APM”), as defined in the guidelines issued by ESMA on 5 October 2015. 
The Group uses APMs as a basis for transparent monitoring and comparison of the Group’s periodic financial 
performance and results of operations through metrics which although are commonly used to convey the 
management’s view to the end user, however they are not explicitly defined under IFRS. 
The table below presents the APMs included in the Group’s annual audited consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 and the respective APMs in its consolidated interim 
financial statements as at 30 June 2023. 
References in the table below to “FY” are to full financial years, references to “H1” and “H2” are to the first or 
second six months of a financial years, respectively, and references to “Q1”, “Q2”, “Q3” or “Q4” are to a 
particular quarter of a financial year. 
 
APM 
APM Definition – Calculation – Relevance of 
use 
FY 
2021 
FY 2022 
H1 2023 
CET1 Capital Ratio 
(fully loaded) on a 
pro forma basis 
CET1 capital, as defined by Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, subtracting (-) from the denominator 
the RWA of the Sunrise ΙΙΙ and Solar NPE 
securitisations and the RWA of the Delta and 
Wheel ΙΙ NPE portfolios, classified as HFS as at 
30 June 2023; and for FY 2022 subtracting (-) 
from the denominator the RWA of Sunrise III 
and Solar NPE securitisations; and for FY 2021 
subtracting (-) from the denominator the RWA of 
the Dory shipping NPE portfolio classified as 
HFS in Q4 2021. 
Relevance of use: Capital position regulatory 
metric 
8.69% 
11.62% 
12.34% 
Earnings per share 
(“EPS”) normalised 
Normalised EPS are calculated by taking the net 
profit normalised (defined hereinunder) adjusted 
for AT1 capital instrument coupon payment for 
the period (/) total number of shares outstanding 
at the end of the period. 
Relevance of use: Profitability metric 
0.13 
0.39 
0.33 
Financial Assets 
The sum of financial assets at FVTPL, financial 
assets mandatorily at FVTPL, loans and 
advances to customers measured mandatorily at 
FVTPL, financial assets at FVTOCI, debt 
securities at amortised cost. 
Relevance of use: Standard banking terminology 
12,754 
12,523 
13,780

--- Page 210 ---
210 
UK-#752978185v12 
Seasonally Adjusted 
Loans to Deposits 
Ratio (LDR) 
Seasonally Adjusted Net Loans over (/) Deposits 
Relevance of use: Liquidity metric 
63.4% 
61.5% 
61.4% 
Net 
Profit 
normalised 
Normalised net profit is the profit/ (loss) 
attributable to the equity holders of the parent 
minus (-) extraordinary net fee income, minus (-
) 
extraordinary 
other 
income, 
plus 
(+) 
extraordinary expenses, minus (-) extraordinary 
associates income, plus (+) extraordinary 
impairments related to NPE securitisations and 
sales, defined at any given period and adjusted 
for the projected effective corporate tax rate of 
2023 at 26 per cent. over normalized pre tax 
profit. Adjustment for the effective corporate tax 
rate as of Q2 2023. 
Relevance of use: Profitability metric 
190 
531 
442 
Non-Performing 
Exposures (NPEs) 
Include: a) loans measured at amortised cost 
classified in stage 3; plus (+) b) Purchased or 
originated credit impaired (“POCI”) loans 
measured at amortised cost that continue to be 
credit impaired as of the end of the reporting 
period; plus (+) c) loans to customers 
mandatorily measured at FVTPL that are credit 
impaired as of the end of the reporting period.  
Relevance of use: Asset quality – credit risk 
metric 
4,915 
2,624 
2,049 
NPE 
(Cash) 
Coverage Ratio 
ECL allowance grossed up with PPA adjustment 
over (/) NPEs 
Relevance of use: Asset quality – credit risk 
metric 
40.3% 
54.5% 
56.8% 
NPE Ratio 
NPEs over (/) gross loans grossed up with PPA 
adjustments 
Relevance of use: Asset quality – credit risk 
metric 
12.7% 
6.8% 
5.5% 
Other Assets 
Balancing Item: equals (=) Total Assets minus (-
) Net Loans minus (-) Financial Assets 
Relevance of use: Standard banking terminology 
30,514 
25,771 
27,431 
Other Income 
Balancing item: equals (=) Total Net Income 
minus (-) Net Interest Income minus (-) Net Fee 
and Commission Income and income from non-
banking activities 
Relevance of use: Profitability metric 
682 
744 
41 
Other Liabilities 
Balancing item: equals (=) Total Liabilities 
minus (-) Due to banks minus (-) Customer 
Deposits 
Relevance of use: Standard banking terminology 
3,679 
3,786 
4,052 
Recurring 
Operating Expenses  
Operating expenses minus (-) Extraordinary 
expenses 
Relevance of use: Efficiency metric  
(867) 
(828) 
(402)

--- Page 211 ---
211 
UK-#752978185v12 
Total 
Regulatory 
Capital Ratio (fully 
loaded) on a pro 
forma basis 
Total capital, as defined by Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, subtracting (-) from the denominator 
the RWA of the Sunrise ΙΙΙ and Solar NPE 
securitisations and the RWA of the Delta and 
Wheel ΙΙ NPE portfolios, classified as HFS as at 
30 June 2023; and for FY 2022 subtracting (-) 
from the denominator the RWA of Sunrise III 
and Solar NPE securitisations; and for FY 2021 
subtracting (-) from the denominator the RWA of 
the Dory shipping NPE portfolio classified as 
HFS in Q4 2021. 
Relevance of use: Capital position regulatory 
metric 
13.47% 
16.52% 
17.11% 
 
APM Component 
– Balance Sheet 
APM Definition – Calculation 
31/12/ 
2021 
31/12/ 
2022 
30/06/ 
2023 
Deposits 
or 
Customer Deposits 
Due to Customers 
55,442 
58,372 
58,381 
Due to Banks 
Amounts owed to Banks 
14,865 
6,922 
7,658 
ECL 
Allowance 
grossed 
up 
with 
PPA adjustment 
ECL allowance for impairment losses on loans 
and advances to customers at amortised cost and 
fair value adjustment on loans and advances to 
customers mandatorily measured at FVTPL 
corresponding to € 11 million for 31/12/2022 and 
for 30/06/2023 and € 12 million for 31/12/2021 
(1,983) 
(1,431) 
(1,164) 
Gross 
Loans 
grossed 
up 
with 
PPA adjustment 
Loans and advances to customers at amortised 
cost and mandatorily measured at FVTPL before 
ECL allowance grossed up with the PPA 
adjustment 
38,581 
38,850 
36,988 
Net Loans 
Loans and advances to customers at amortised 
cost and mandatorily measured at FVTPL 
36,598 
37,418 
35,824 
Seasonally 
Adjusted Net Loans 
Net loans and advances to customers at amortised 
cost and mandatorily measured at FVTPL minus 
(-) OPEKEPE seasonal funding facility of € 
1,517 million as at 31 December 2022 and € 
1,474 million as at 31 December 2021. The 
OPEKEPE seasonal agri loan refers to loan 
facility related to subsidies provided to the 
beneficiaries 
35,124 
35,901 
35,824 
 
APM Component 
– 
Income 
Statement 
APM Definition – Calculation – Relevance of 
Use 
FY 
2021 
FY 2022 
H1 2023 
Impairment 
Charges  
ECL Impairment Losses on loans and advances 
to customers at amortised costs plus (+) Other 
credit-risk related charges on loans and advances 
to customers at amortised cost.  
Relevance of use: Standard banking terminology 
(4,284) 
(615) 
(359)

--- Page 212 ---
212 
UK-#752978185v12 
Net Results - Net 
Profit 
Profit/(loss) for the period from continuing 
operations attributable to shareholders of the 
parent. 
Relevance of use: Profitability metric 
(3,007) 
899 
299 
Extraordinary 
Expenses 
Extraordinary expense items include voluntary 
redundancy costs € 5 million for H1 2023 booked 
in staff costs (€ 3 million in Q1 2023 and € 2 
million in Q2 2023), while for FY.2022 
extraordinary items include € 4 million 
depreciation charges related to the Thalis 
transaction booked in depreciation expenses (the 
carve-out and sale of the cards merchant 
acquiring business unit transaction in Q1.22) 
booked in administrative expenses and € 57 
million for voluntary redundancy costs, € 7 
million in H1 2022 and the rest in H2.2022 
booked in staff costs. For FY 2021 extraordinary 
items include €40 million and -€15 million 
voluntary redundancy costs for Q2 2021 and Q4 
2021 respectively, booked in staff costs.  
Relevance of use: Efficiency metric 
(25) 
(61) 
(5) 
Extraordinary 
Other Income 
In H1 2022 extraordinary other income related 
with (i) the gain from the disposal of the 
merchant acquiring business in Q1 2022, 
amounting to € 282 million booked in  
trading income (ii) non-recurring gain from fixed 
income portfolio of € 339 million and were 
booked in Net gains/ (losses) from financial 
instruments measured at FVTPL. In H2 2022 € 
52 million extraordinary other income related 
with non-recurring gain from fixed income 
portfolio and were booked in Net gains/ (losses) 
from financial instruments measured at FVTPL. 
663 
672 
0 
 
Certain comparative APMs and APMs’ components have been restated to reflect the reclassifications performed 
in the Condensed Interim Income Statements. Further information for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 
is presented in Note 29 of the 2023 Six Month Financial Report. 
The table below presents the APMs components included in Piraeus Bank S.A annual audited consolidated 
financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
 
APM 
APM 
Definition 
– 
Calculation 
Calculation – Relevance of Use 
FY 2021 
FY 2022 
CET1 
Capital 
Ratio 
(fully 
loaded) 
CET1 capital, as defined by Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013. 
Relevance 
of 
use: 
Capital 
position 
regulatory metric 
9.53% 
12.05%

--- Page 213 ---
213 
UK-#752978185v12 
Financial Assets 
(Group) 
The sum of: financial assets at FVTPL, 
financial assets mandatorily at FVTPL, 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
customers 
mandatorily at FVTPL, financial assets at 
FVTOCI, debt securities at amortised cost. 
Relevance of use: Standard banking 
terminology 
12,687 
12,443 
Seasonally 
Adjusted Loans to 
Deposits 
Ratio 
(LDR) 
Seasonally Adjusted Net Loans over (/) 
Deposits Relevance of use: Liquidity metric 63.3% 
61.5% 
Non-Performing 
Exposures 
(NPEs) (Bank) 
Include: a) loans measured at amortised cost 
classified in stage 3; plus (+) b) Purchased 
or originated credit impaired (POCI) loans 
measured at amortised cost that continue to 
be credit impaired as of the end of the 
reporting period; plus (+) c) loans to 
customers mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss that are credit 
impaired as of the end of the reporting 
period. 
Relevance of use: Asset quality – credit risk 
metric 
5,071 
2,745 
NPE 
Coverage 
Ratio (Bank) 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL Allowance) 
grossed up with PPA adjustment over (/) 
NPEs. 
Relevance of use: Asset quality – credit risk 
metric 
41.08% 
55.8% 
NPE Ratio (Bank) 
NPEs 
over 
(/) 
gross 
loans 
before 
impairments & PPA adjustments. 
Relevance of use: Asset quality – credit risk 
metric 
12.9% 
7.0% 
Other 
Assets 
(Group) 
Balancing item: equals (=) Total Assets 
minus (-) Net Loans minus (-) Financial 
Assets. 
Relevance of use: Standard banking 
terminology 
30,402 
25,634 
Other 
Income 
(Group) 
Balancing item: equals (=) Total net Income 
minus (-) Net Interest Income minus (-) Net 
Fee and Commission Income and income 
from non-banking activities 
Relevance of use: Profitability metric 
719 
775 
Other Liabilities 
(Group) 
Balancing item: equals (=) Total Liabilities 
minus (-) Due to banks minus (-) Customer 
Deposits. 
Relevance of use: Standard banking 
terminology 
3,496 
3,638

--- Page 214 ---
214 
UK-#752978185v12 
Total Regulatory 
Capital 
Ratio 
(fully loaded) 
Total capital, as defined by Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013. 
Relevance 
of 
use: 
Capital 
position 
regulatory metric 
14.00% 
16.76% 
 
 
APM 
Component 
– 
Balance Sheet 
APM Definition - Calculation 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2022 
Deposits 
or 
Customer 
Deposits  
Due to Customers. 
55,385 
58,331 
Due to Banks 
Amounts owed to Banks 
14,850 
6,922 
ECL Allowance 
grossed up with 
PPA adjustment 
(Bank) 
ECL allowance for impairment losses on 
loans and advances to customers at 
amortised 
cost 
including 
the 
PPA 
adjustment. 
(2,083) 
(1,532) 
Gross 
Loans 
grossed up with 
PPA adjustment 
(Bank) 
Loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost before ECL allowances for 
impairment on loans and advances to 
customers and loans mandatorily measured 
at FVTPL 
39,284 
39,336 
Net Loans  
Loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost. 
36,497 
37,326 
Seasonally 
Adjusted 
Net 
Loans  
Net loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost plus loans and advances to 
customers mandatorily measured at FVTPL 
minus (-) OPEKEPE seasonal funding 
facility of € 1,474 million as at 31 December 
2021 and € 1,517 million as at 31 December 
2022. The OPEKEPE seasonal agri loan 
refers to loan facility related to subsidies 
provided to the beneficiaries 
35,073 
35,861 
 
APM 
Component 
– 
Income 
Statement 
APM 
Definition 
– 
Calculation 
– 
Relevance of use 
FY 2021 
FY 2022 
Impairment 
Charges 
ECL Impairment Losses on loans and 
advances to customers at amortised costs 
plus (+) Other credit-risk related expenses 
on loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost.  
Relevance of use: Standard banking 
terminology 
(627) 
(665) 
Net Results - Net 
Profit 
Profit / (loss) for the period from continuing 
operations attributable to shareholders of the 
Bank. 
Relevance of use: Profitability metric 
399 
814

--- Page 215 ---
215 
UK-#752978185v12 
Operating 
Expenses (Opex) 
Total operating expenses.  
Relevance of use: Efficiency metric 
(872) 
(867)

--- Page 216 ---
216 
UK-#752978185v12 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
All references herein to the Bank are to Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme. 
 
The recognition and management of risks arising from the Group’s activities is a priority in the development of 
its business strategy. In this regard, a framework for prudent risk management has been established, which is 
based on supervisory guidelines and best international practices and the guidelines of the Basel Committee for 
Banking Supervision. Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors has full responsibility for the 
development and supervision of the risk management framework. An overview of the Group’s risk management 
framework and credit risk management is provided in this “Risk Management” section of this Base Prospectus; 
for a more detailed discussion of the Group’s financial risk management, see Note 4 of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings’ audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Risk management framework 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee’s mandate is to effectively manage all types of risks arising from the Group’s activities, 
ensuring a consistent and uniform assessment and a specialised treatment thereof, as well as to co-ordinate 
operations on a Bank and Group level. In particular, the Risk Committee assists the Board of Directors in 
relation to: (i) the existence of an appropriate strategy for the risks undertaken and the definition of the risk 
appetite statements and limits, as well as the supervision of their implementation; (ii) the establishment of 
principles and rules that will govern risk management as regards the identification, assessment, measurement, 
monitoring, control and mitigation of risks; (iii) the development of the Group’s risk management framework 
and the incorporation of appropriate risk management policies and controls during the business decision-making 
process; and (iv) Group compliance through strict and reliable procedures with respect to the regulatory 
framework for risk management functions. 
The Risk Committee’s mission is to ensure that: 
 
the Group has a well-defined Group Risk & Capital Strategy and Risk Appetite Framework in 
line with its business goals as well as with the available human and technical resources. The 
risk appetite of the Group is articulated and clearly communicated in a set of quantitative and 
qualitative statements, and specific limits, for the material risks;  
 
 
all risks connected with the activity of the Group are effectively identified, assessed, measured, 
controlled, mitigated and monitored; and 
 
 
the risk management and control framework that is in place, including policies, methods and 
tools, complies with the Group Risk & Capital Strategy and Risk Appetite Framework as well 
as regulatory and supervisory requirements. 
The Risk Committee convenes, upon its Chairman’s invitation, as many times as are considered necessary in 
order to accomplish its mission, but not less than once a month. Each member of the Risk Committee may 
request the convocation of the Risk Committee in writing for the discussion of specific issues. 
The Group’s Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) is the Head of the Group Risk Management, who is appointed by the 
Board of Directors of the Bank upon recommendation and endorsement of the Risk Committee. The CRO’s 
appointment or replacement is communicated to the Bank of Greece and the SSM. The CRO participates in all 
major executive committees, including the Group Executive Committee, and has a dual reporting line to the

--- Page 217 ---
217 
UK-#752978185v12 
Risk Committee and the Bank’s CEO, with direct access to the Chairman of the Risk Committee, whenever 
deemed necessary. 
Group Risk Management  
The Group Risk Management is independent from the business units of the Group. It carries out responsibilities 
of risk management and credit risk control in accordance with the Bank of Greece Governor’s Act No 
2577/2006 and the Banking Law. The Group Risk Management is responsible for the design, specification and 
implementation of the Group’s policies on risk management and capital adequacy in accordance with the 
directions of the Board of Directors, which covers the full range of the Group’s activities for all types of risks. 
The Group CRO supervises the Group Risk Management and reports to the Risk Committee and through it to 
the Board of Directors, whereas, for typical administrative matters, the CRO reports to the CEO. The Group 
Risk Management is subject to review by the Group Internal Audit as to the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
risk management framework such as policies, methodologies and procedures. 
The Group Risk Management develops the strategy, policies and procedures in relation to: 
• 
the identification, assessment, measurement, management/control, monitoring and reporting of 
potential and actual risk exposures; 
• 
the establishment, allocation and monitoring of appropriate risk limits (e.g., credit, market, 
liquidity and operational risks) in co-operation with the relevant committees and units of the 
Group; 
• 
capital management objectives; 
• 
monitoring the implementation of the risk management framework, including the risk and 
capital strategy, along with the regulatory requirements and the guidelines of management; 
• 
monitoring adherence to the approved risk appetite framework on an ongoing basis; 
• 
developing, conducting, monitoring and reporting the Group’s Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) and Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process 
(“ILAAP”); 
• 
oversight of the alignment of the Group’s risk and capital strategy with its business plan, 
restructuring plan, funding plan, budget, ICAAP, ILAAP and recovery plan; 
• 
producing and reporting the capital adequacy requirements under Pillar 1 (e.g., credit, market 
and operational risks); 
• 
documenting and reporting the capital adequacy and risk management regulatory disclosures 
under Pillar 3; 
• 
supervising the development and harmonisation of the subsidiaries’ risk management 
frameworks with the Group’s risk management framework and practices; 
• 
developing awareness about risk exposure, promoting a risk management culture and providing 
support in risk matters to all units across the Group; 
• 
participating in the development of the Group and the Bank’s credit policy, which is approved 
with the consent of the Group Risk Management; 
• 
leading and co-ordinating the design and execution of Group-wide solvency stress tests; 
exercising periodic and/or temporary stress tests with base and adverse scenarios tailored to the 
nature and scope of the operations of the Group for all types of risk;

--- Page 218 ---
218 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
the establishment and validation of loan impairment models (compliant with the IFRS 9 
framework); 
• 
developing risk-based pricing models. The assessment of an internal hurdle rate for every 
investment decision (loan) will be of utmost importance for the Bank and it will contribute 
towards achieving its goals for sustainable profitability and better understanding of the 
underlying risks; 
• 
assessing new products and activities or significant changes to existing ones prior to their 
introduction; 
• 
monitoring the new production profile based on EBA Guidelines on Loan Origination and 
Monitoring (EBA/GL/2020/06); and  
• 
developing methodology for active loan portfolio management and rebalancing of Risk/Return. 
Taking into consideration the overall mission and objectives of Group Risk Management, a structure was 
established, with clear and discrete functional areas and responsibilities, comprising: 
Credit Risk Management: 
• 
During 2022 the Group Risk Management organisational chart was modified. The Credit Risk 
Management Unit, having a direct reporting line to the Group’s CRO, was expanded in order to better 
address all emerging credit risk-related issues in the scope of the Group’s continuous effort to 
strengthen its risk management framework.  
• 
Credit Risk Management engages in the early recognition and effective management of credit risk 
through an integrated framework of policies, methodologies, procedures and systems that allow the 
development of a profitable loan portfolio within the acceptable risk profile.  
• 
It has the responsibility for the planning, specialisation and implementation of strategy and policies in 
credit risk management issues. It uses the appropriate methods, including the use of models, for the 
provision, acknowledgement, measurement and monitoring of the said risks aiming at the above-
mentioned. Additionally, it has the responsibility for the provision of information regarding the 
evolution of the said risks to the responsible committees and Group management on a regular basis. 
Capital Management, Risk Strategy, Market, Liquidity & Asset Liability Management (“ALM”) Risks:  
 
• 
The Capital Management, Risk Strategy, Market, Liquidity & ALM Risks Unit supports the 
development and implementation of the Group’s strategy, aiming at the effective management of risks 
and balance sheet optimisation. To this end, the unit is responsible for the development and maintenance 
of the risk and capital strategy as well as the risk-adjusted framework of the Group, in accordance with 
the Risk Committee and Board’s directions and guidance.  
• 
Additionally, the establishment of the dedicated unit aims to manage effectively risks related to ESG. 
• 
Moreover, it is responsible for the design and implementation of the Group’s ICAAP and leads the 
preparation and execution of regular enterprise-wide stress tests. Further, it is responsible for the 
coordination and overall maintenance of the Group’s recovery plan.  
• 
In addition, the unit is responsible for the measurement, monitoring and reporting of capital

--- Page 219 ---
219 
UK-#752978185v12 
requirements and capital adequacy ratios of the Group.  
• 
The unit is responsible for the development of the risk management framework (policies, 
methodologies, models and processes) with respect to market, liquidity and ALM and other financial-
related risks. To that end, the unit deploys proper methods, including models, that allow the 
identification, measurement and monitoring of the aforementioned risks.  
• 
Moreover, it is responsible for the design and implementation of the Group’s ILAAP and leads the 
preparation and execution of regular enterprise-wide liquidity stress tests.  
Group Control and Risk Data & Solutions:  
 
• 
This unit is responsible for the identification, monitoring and assessment of all types of risks (credit, 
market, operational, liquidity, etc.) arising from the Group’s activities, through the development, 
implementation and evaluation of an adequate Internal Control System (“ICS”), in order to ensure the 
safe and efficient operations of the Group and the achievement of its business objectives. In addition, 
the unit is collaborating with segment controllers to accomplish its goals.  
• 
It is responsible for the development, implementation, assurance and supervision of the Organisational 
Risk Management Framework (“ORMF”) and the ICS of the Group, with the aim of defending business 
objectives and limiting risks undertaken to the acceptable levels defined by the management.  
• 
The unit contributes to the mitigation of risks arising from potential limitations in the development, 
implementation or use of the Bank’s models (model risk), by developing/ maintaining and 
implementing a model validation framework and by conducting independent validations regarding the 
robustness, accuracy and effectiveness of the Bank’s models, while contributing to the improvement of 
models’ quality. 
• 
Additionally, it has the responsibility for the planning and implementation of independent, ex post / 
post approval, regular, qualitative and quantitative reviews of the application of approved financing 
policies and approval procedures as well as the provisions and write-offs policies, within the framework 
of the second line of defence, with respect to the loan portfolio of the Group, including performing and 
non-performing loans as well as the factoring and leasing subsidiaries.  
• 
Finally, the unit contributes to supporting, coordinating, initiating and implementing initiatives in the 
domain of risk data management, with the use of risk data analytics and business intelligence tools and 
methodologies, in compliance with the Group’s policies, regulatory framework and the industry’s best 
practices.  
CRO’s office: 
 
• 
The unit is responsible for managing, co-ordinating, advising on and monitoring various risk initiatives 
and projects and consolidating the overall view on figures, responses and alignment of stakeholders. 
Additionally, it undertakes and coordinates the operations of the Board Risk Committee’s Secretariat. 
Furthermore, in alignment with the Bank-wide implementation of the Group’s “Internal Control System 
Enhancement” initiative, a Segment Controller role has been established with a discrete reporting line to the 
CRO (segment head).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group Credit Unit 
The Group Credit Unit constituting the secondary risk assessment during the approval process (first line of 
defence) is responsible for establishing and updating the Group’s credit policy. 
Assets/Liabilities Management Committee (ALCO) 
The ALCO consists of nine members and is chaired by the Group’s Managing Director and CEO. The members 
of the ALCO are senior general managers and general managers, as well as other senior executives of the Bank. 
The ALCO is supported by an Executive Secretary. The ALCO convenes monthly and its main duties are: (i) 
the implementation of the Group’s strategy in developing assets and liabilities; (ii) the management of assets 
and liabilities, exercising, at the same time, a pricing policy in products and services; and (iii) the approval of 
the introduction of new deposit or loan products, the follow-up of equity adequacy in relation to the risks, the 
examination of stress-test scenarios and the decision-making on preserving the Group’s available liquidity at 
acceptable levels. 
Committees 
Provisioning Committee: the Provisioning Committee is responsible for the approval of the quarterly ECL 
allowances for impairment on loans and advances to customers at the amortised cost of the Bank, and, if 
required, of the Group, as it results from the implementation of the policies and procedures governing the 
calculation of individual and collective provisions against credit risk. The Provisioning Committee is also 
mandated to, periodically, and at least annually, review the policies and methodologies (such as parameters, 
scenarios, weighting of scenarios, etc.) which are applied by the Bank for the calculation of provisions. 
Moreover, the Provisioning Committee is responsible for monitoring the reclassification of exposures, as they 
result from the implementation of the Group’s policies and procedures, the examination and approval of any 
requests for the exception/override from the relevant classification, following the respective request addressed 
by the business units, and approving requests for accounting write-offs, provided they meet specific criteria, as 
defined in the Debt Forgiveness and Accounting Write-Off Policy. 
Market Scenario Steering Committee: the Market Scenario Steering Committee reviews and approves scenario 
variables and probability weights derived by the Group’s economics and investments strategy. In addition, it 
reviews and approves temporary adjustments on the credit risk parameters. 
Risk Models Oversight Committee: the Risk Models Oversight Committee (RMOC), composed of the CEO and 
Executive Committee members and chaired by the CRO, is mainly responsible for the implementation of the 
Model Management and Governance Framework and the review and approval of relevant issues. In particular, 
the Risk Models Oversight Committee reviews and approves the Model Development Framework and the 
initiation of the development of new models, as well as the use and the potential removal or replacement of 
existing ones. Furthermore, it reviews and approves the Model Validation Framework, the Annual Model 
Validation Plan and the model validation assessments submitted by the Model Validation Unit and monitors 
the adherence to the timetable for the implementation of respective recommended actions. 
The Group constantly reassesses and develops its risk management framework in order to ensure it keeps pace 
with market dynamics, changes in the banking products offered, supervisory requirements and international 
best practices. 
The Group systematically monitors the following substantial risks resulting from the Group’s business activities 
and goals: credit risk; market risk; interest rate risk; liquidity risk; and operational risk.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
UK-#752978185v12 
Credit risk management 
Credit risk management strategies and procedures 
The Group engages in activities that can expose it to credit risk. Credit risk is defined as the potential risk of 
realising financial losses stemming from the possibility that counterparties fail to meet their 
contractual/transactional obligations. Credit risk is the most significant risk for the Group, and therefore its 
effective monitoring and persistent management constitutes a top priority for senior management. 
The Group’s exposure to credit risk mainly arises from corporate and retail credit lending, various investments, 
OTC transactions and derivatives transactions as well as from transaction settlement. The amount of risk 
associated with such credit exposures depends on various factors, including general economic conditions, 
market developments, the debtor’s financial condition, the amount/type/duration of the relevant exposure and 
the existence of collateral and guarantees, which the Bank may not be able to assess with accuracy at the time 
it undertakes the relevant activity. 
The implementation of the credit policy that describes the principles of credit risk management of the Group 
ensures effective and uniform credit risk monitoring and control. The Group applies a uniform policy and 
practice with respect to credit assessment, approval, renewal and monitoring procedures. All credit limits are 
reviewed and/or renewed at least annually, and the responsible approval authorities are determined based on 
the size and the category of the total credit risk exposure undertaken by the Group for each debtor or group of 
connected debtors (the “one obligor” principle). 
The Group has also established a credit quality review process to provide early identification of potential 
changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties, including regular collateral revaluations. Counterparty limits 
are established by the use of a credit risk classification system, which assigns a risk rating to each counterparty. 
Risk ratings are subject to regular revision. The credit quality review aims to allow the Group to assess the 
potential loss as a result of the risks to which it is exposed, and to take corrective actions. 
Credit risk measurement and reporting systems 
Reliable credit risk measurement is a top priority within the Group’s risk management framework. The 
continuous development of infrastructure, systems and methodologies aimed at quantifying and evaluating 
credit risk is an essential condition in order to support management and the business units in relation to decision-
making, policy formulation and the fulfilment of supervisory requirements in a timely and efficient manner. 
Across the Group, common policies and practices are applied with respect to the credit assessment, approval, 
renewal and monitoring procedures. Credit risk measurement uniformity is achieved through the application of 
Group-wide policies and methodologies as well as the dissemination and communication of common 
monitoring and reporting guidelines. The Group applies two separate and individually tailored credit assessment 
models for each of the Group’s corporate and retail portfolios. 
Market risk 
Market risk is related to the possibility of losses due to changes in the level or the volatility of market prices 
and rates, such as interest rates, equity and commodity prices and foreign exchange rates. 
The Risk Committee has approved a market risk management policy that applies at a Group and Bank level and 
outlines the basic definitions of market risk management, and defines the roles and responsibilities of the units 
and executives involved. The Group engages in moderate trading activities in order to enhance profitability and 
to service the Group’s clientele. These trading activities create market risk which the Group seeks to identify, 
estimate, monitor and manage effectively through a framework of principles, measurement processes and a 
valid set of limits that apply to all of the Group’s transactions. The most significant types of market risk are 
interest rate, equity and foreign exchange risk.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group and the Bank apply generally-accepted techniques for the measurement of market risk. In particular, 
sensitivity indicators such as CSPV01 (adverse impact to the present value of the bond portfolio for a 1 basis 
point parallel move in the yield spread curve) as well as the VaR calculations. 
For every activity that bears market risk, the Group has assigned adequate market risk limits, and these are 
monitored systematically. Market risk management is not confined to trading book activities, but covers the 
statement of financial position as a whole. 
The VaR measure is an estimate of the potential loss in the net present value of a portfolio over a specified 
period and with a specified confidence level.  The Group implements a historical VaR methodology, assuming 
a one-day holding period and utilising a 99 per cent. confidence level with historic observations over two years. 
Furthermore, the Group calculates expected shortfall (conditional VaR) using the same parameters to assess the 
fat tail risk of the loss distribution.  
As the VaR methodology does not evaluate risk attributable to extraordinary financial or other occurrences, the 
risk assessment process includes five stress scenarios, both historical and hypothetical. The stress scenarios are 
based on all relevant risk factors that can change the value of the balance sheet figures.  
Moreover, in order to test the robustness of the Group’s VaR model, the Group back-tests its model by 
comparing losses predicted by the VaR model to those actually experienced over the testing period. The primary 
objective is to ensure that the VaR model in place is reasonably accurate and does not overestimate or 
underestimate the inherent market risk.  
Foreign currency risk 
The Group’s financial position and cash flows are exposed to fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency 
exchange rates. The Group’s management sets limits on the level of exposure to currency, which is monitored 
daily.  
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk of a negative impact on the Group’s financial condition due to its exposure to changes 
in the market interest rates. Accepting this risk is deemed an integral part of banking operations and can be an 
important source of profitability and increase in the Group’s value. 
Changes in interest rates affect the Group’s results by changing the net interest income as well as the value of 
other interest-sensitive income or expenses. Changes in interest rates also affect the value of the Group’s assets 
and liabilities because the present value of future cash flows (and, in some cases, the cash flows themselves) 
changes when interest rates change. Consequently, an effective risk management process that assesses, monitors 
and helps maintain the interest rate risk within acceptable levels (through effective hedging, where deemed 
required) is essential to the Group’s financial safety and soundness. 
The Group applies an interest rate risk management policy, which provides for a variety of valuation techniques 
that mainly rely on maturity and repricing schedules, amongst which is the “Interest Rate Gap” analysis. 
According to the said analysis, the principal amount of assets and liabilities are allocated to time periods until 
their maturity (in the case of fixed rate instruments) or according to the date of the next redetermination of their 
interest rate (in the case of floating rate instruments). 
Liquidity risk 
The Group acknowledges that effective liquidity risk management is essential to the Group’s ability to meet its 
liabilities, while also safeguarding its financial results and its capital. Liquidity risk is defined as the risk arising 
from the Group’s inability to meet its cash flow obligations when they come due, without incurring unacceptable 
costs or losses at all times, including under stress.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
UK-#752978185v12 
In general, liquidity management is a matter of balancing cash flows within forward rolling time bands, so that, 
under normal conditions, the Group is comfortably placed to meet all payment obligations as they fall due. For 
this purpose, the Group uses the liquidity gap analysis which provides an overview of the expected cash flows 
arising from all on- and off-balance sheet items assigned and aggregated into time bands according to when 
they are set to occur, based on contractual maturity and behavioural modelling assumptions. 
The Group applies a uniform Liquidity Risk Management policy for the effective management of liquidity risk, 
approved by the Board Risk Management Committee. This policy complies with the supervisory regulations 
and is consistent with best practices applied internationally. 
The policy specifies the principal liquidity risk assessment definitions and methodologies, defines the roles and 
responsibilities of the Bank’s units, the Group’s subsidiaries and staff involved, and sets out the guidelines for 
liquidity crisis management. In order to manage liquidity risk effectively, the Group monitors, inter alia, the 
amount, quality and composition/diversification of the Group’s liquid assets, the cash flow analysis of the 
Group’s on- and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities (inflows and outflows), taking into consideration their 
respective maturity profiles, the composition, diversification and cost of its funding sources, the composition, 
diversification and funding capacity of the Group’s unencumbered collateral, and its funding needs in local and 
foreign currencies. 
Furthermore, the policy defines a contingency funding plan to be used in the case of a liquidity crisis. Such a 
crisis can take place either due to an event specific to the Group or due to a market-driven event. Triggers and 
early warning signals prescribed within the contingency funding plan serve as indicators for its realisation. 
The Group’s liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”) and net stable funding ratio (the “NSFR”) are calculated on 
a monthly and quarterly basis, respectively, as per Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. As at 31 December 2022, 
both the LCR and the NSFR exceeded the minimum regulatory threshold of 100 per cent., remaining 
comfortably above risk appetite levels and standing at 201 per cent. and 137 per cent. respectively. As at 30 
June 2023, the Group’s LCR stood at 233 per cent. 
Under CRD IV, which has been transposed into Greek Law by virtue of the Banking Law, credit institutions 
are required to have comprehensive strategies, procedures, policies and systems to ensure adequate monitoring 
of liquidity risk. In accordance with CRD IV, the Bank submitted to the SSM, in 2022 and 2023, its annual 
ILAAP reports, which include the rules governing the management of liquidity risk and the main results of 
current and future liquidity position assessments for the Bank and the Group. In addition, within the Group’s 
ICAAP and ILAAP framework, the Group examined stress test scenarios and assessed their impact on the 
Bank’s and the Group’s liquidity position and on mandatory liquidity ratios. 
The Group focuses on the containment of the Group’s liquidity risk and the improvement of its liquidity position 
through the achievement of the following key objectives, while continuously monitoring market conditions: 
• 
maintain a funding plan that ensures sufficient liquidity buffers while containing liquidity risk such that the 
Bank prevents the use of contingency funding in the future. This funding plan should ensure that the 
liquidity position of the Group consistently remains above the minimum regulatory requirements for LCR 
and NSFR. 
• 
continue catering for a strong and well-diversified composition of funding sources. This requires the 
maintenance of its granular customer deposit base, well-established access to wholesale/interbank money 
markets, and the enrichment of its sources through debt issuance programmes. 
• 
refrain from holding excessive liquidity buffers bearing material costs that could affect profitability. 
• 
closely monitor and control the cost of liabilities, aiming to strike a balance between the need to maintain

--- Page 224 ---
224 
UK-#752978185v12 
the liquidity position of the Group and the need to achieve the Group’s earnings targets. 
Although 2022 was a challenging year, following rising inflation, energy crisis and geopolitical headwinds 
spurred by the war in Ukraine, the global economic and financial markets’ trajectories did not impede the 
upward trend of the Group’s main liquidity drivers, allowing its liquidity profile to remain strong and steady. 
Group liquidity remains robust as its granular deposit base increases, adequate cash and collateral buffers and 
tapping of debt and capital markets, paired with the Greek economy’s continued dynamic recovery and 
European Commission and Greek Government support, aim to effectively mitigate liquidity risks. Based on the 
same premises, the Group LCR has sustained its ample liquidity profile throughout 2022, remaining 
comfortably above risk appetite levels.  
Throughout 2022, the Group’s liquidity position strengthened further, driven by an increase in customer 
deposits, which attested to the depositors’ confidence restoration witnessed over the past few years, as well as 
to the dynamic recovery of the Greek economy as a whole. As at 31 December 2022, customer deposits 
amounted to €58.4 billion, compared to €55.4 billion on 31 December 2021.  
Following the ECB’s decision to revise TLTRO III terms in October 2022, the Group opted to repay an amount 
of €0.35 billion of its TLTRO III funding during the first six months of 2022 and €8.65 billion during the fourth 
quarter of 2022, from a previous balance of €14.3 billion as at 31 December 2021. The Group’s Eurosystem 
funding stood at €5,443 million of TLTRO III as at 31 December 2022, while in terms of maturity profile an 
amount of €2 billion is due in 2023 and the remaining €3.5 billion in 2024.  
As at 31 December 2022, interbank funding through repurchase agreements amounted to €298 million, 
compared to €286 million as at 31 December 2021, while funding from securities issuance reached €1.8 billion, 
through the issuance of a €350 million Senior Bond in November 2022. This particular issuance attracted strong 
investment interest from more than 60 institutional investors, with demand exceeding twice the size of the issue. 
More than 60 per cent. of the issue amount was allocated to foreign institutional investors.  
In addition, as at 31 December 2022, total gross loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (grossed up 
with PPA adjustment) amounted to €38.8 billion compared to €38.5 billion on 31 December 2021, of which 
€1.5 billion was related to the disbursement of an agri-loan towards OPEKEPE for the distribution of European 
Commission subsidies toward farmers (later repaid in January and February of 2023, tranche 1 and tranche 2, 
respectively).  
Net loans amounted to €37.4 billion as at 31 December 2022, compared to €36.6 billion as at 31 December 
2021, with the seasonally adjusted net loans-to-deposits ratio standing at 61.5 per cent. and 63.4 per cent. as at 
31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively (excluding the seasonal OPEKEPE loan).  
In addition to the above, as at 31 December 2022, the Group has in place an adequate liquid assets buffer of 
€19.9 billion, significantly increased in comparison to the respective buffer as at 31 December 2021 (€16.8 
billion). 
Operational risk 
The Group is exposed to operational risk deriving from the Group’s daily operations and from the 
implementation of its business and strategic objectives. 
The Group aims to continuously improve the Group’s operational risk management through the implementation 
and the ongoing development of an integrated and adequate framework that manages the identification, 
assessment, quantification, monitoring and mitigation of operational risk in order to timely and effectively 
support the Group’s business functions and fulfil the requirements of the regulations to which the Group is 
subject. The Group’s operational risk management framework covers all of the Group’s business activities and 
supporting functions in Greece and abroad.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group’s Group Operational Risk and Control unit is responsible for the development and maintenance of 
the Group’s operational risk management framework. It is approved by the Risk Committee, reviewed on a 
regular basis and adjusted according to the Group’s total risk exposure and risk appetite. 
The framework aims to optimise the Group’s operating efficiency, minimise financial losses from operational 
risk events, develop a uniform and clear culture of operational risk management throughout the Group, adopt 
advanced methods of measuring and assessing the Group’s level of exposure to risk and prevent potential 
unexpected and catastrophic losses from future operational risk events. 
During 2020, the Group’s Group Operational Risk and Control unit either led or participated in a number of 
strategic and functional risk initiatives, including, among others, the: 
• 
implementation of a bank-wide platform for the management of internal control deficiencies 
(which remains in progress);  
• 
enhancement of operational risk loss collection and analysis, with focus on legal cases and 
credit-related incidents (which remains in progress);  
• 
enhancement of managing technology and security risks in the second line of defence (which 
remains in progress); 
• 
enhancement of risk and control assessment methodology (which remains in progress);  
• 
update of the operational risk event typology in order to respond to the current business needs, 
the new threats and the regulatory areas of focus (which has been completed); 
• 
enhancement of the alert process for critical operational risk incidents (which has been 
completed); and 
• 
co-ordination of specialised operational risk assessment processes for major events or 
initiatives affecting the Group’s risk profile, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the hive-
down process (project Lyra), as well as the Transformation project (project Thira), in order to 
identify and assess related risks, monitor mitigating plans and inform relevant bodies (which 
remains in progress). 
In order to optimise the management of operational risk arising from the Group’s activities, the Group has 
adopted the following control and mitigation methods: 
Internal control system (ICS) 
The Group’s ICS includes control mechanisms and processes, integrates best practices of corporate governance 
and covers each activity and transaction of the Group, contributing to effective and safe operations.  
The management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate and effective internal control 
system within the Group as well as relevant procedures and practices. The management also systematically 
monitors the adequacy and effectiveness of the existing ICS and promptly implements any actions required for 
a sustainable response to and mitigation of operational risk, while at the same time taking care of the 
development and enhancement of the ICS on a Group and Bank level. At the same time, with appropriate early 
warning systems, the management controls the consistent application of the ICS across the units, as well as the 
full compliance of all concerned parties with the principles and objectives of the ICS. 
The establishment of the ICS aims, in particular to: (i) ensure the consistent implementation of the business 
strategy at a Group and Bank level with effective use of existing resources; (ii) ensure the identification and 
management of risk exposures and potential risks; (iii) ensure the completeness and reliability of the data, which 
are necessary for the preparation of reliable financial statements in accordance with IFRS and generally for the

--- Page 226 ---
226 
UK-#752978185v12 
accurate and timely determination of the Group’s financial position; (iv) ensure compliance with the legislative 
and regulatory framework governing the Group’s operations; and (v) conduct periodic and/or occasional audits 
by the relevant units of the Group Internal Audit Unit in order to establish consistent application of prescribed 
rules and procedures by all business units. 
The Group’s ICS is supported in accordance with the existing regulatory framework of an integrated 
Management Information System (the “MIS”) and inter-complementary mechanisms, forming an integrated 
system for controlling and auditing both the Group’s organisational structure and operations. The operation of 
MIS ensures uniform and document-based data collection and processing, as well as the prompt, accurate, 
reliable and complete distribution of information to each governing body of the Bank. The Group places special 
emphasis on the development and continuous improvement of the MIS. Its effectiveness is necessary for 
decision-making in relation to risk management. 
The Audit Committee monitors and evaluates, on a yearly basis, the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s 
ICS on an individual basis and at Group level, based on the relevant data and information of the Group’s Internal 
Audit, the Compliance Division, and the findings and observations of the statutory auditors and supervisory 
authorities. The Audit Committee also reviews the effectiveness of the Group’s compliance procedures with 
the laws, rules and regulations of the supervisory authorities. 
The adequacy of the ICS at Group and Bank level is assessed periodically and at least every three years, upon 
recommendation of the Audit Committee, by an independent chartered public auditor, other than the Group’s 
and the Bank’s external statutory auditor. The relevant evaluation report is communicated to the Bank of Greece 
within the first half of the year following the expiration of the three years. 
Internal audit 
Group Internal Audit comprises an independent and objective advisory and safeguarding function, designed to 
add value and improve the operations of the Group. By adopting and implementing a systematic and disciplined 
methodology, it contributes to improving the effectiveness of risk management, the ICS and governance 
procedures. 
The main mission of the Group Internal Audit is: 
• 
to conduct any type of audit of all the units, activities and providers of essential activities of 
the Bank and any of the Group’s subsidiaries, in order to formulate a fair, objective, 
independent and informed view of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s ICS; and 
• 
to provide the required objective procedures in conjunction with the Audit Committee 
regarding the results of the assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s ICS. 
The assessment of the ICS is based on the standards and criteria prescribed by internationally recognised best 
practices.  
Group Internal Audit functionally reports through the Audit Committee to the Board of Directors and only for 
administrative purposes to the Managing Director and CEO. It is administratively independent from the other 
units and shall not conduct any kind of executive and functional responsibilities. It also has full-time and 
exclusive staff, which shall not report hierarchically to any other units. 
The primary objective of the Group Internal Audit is the quality of the audit, in order to ensure the effectiveness, 
functionality and objective documentation of the various reports that result from the audit work. For the Group 
Internal Audit, ensuring the quality of the auditing procedures is the main criterion for the determination of 
relevant professional standards, recruitment and training, as well as for vocational certifications and procedures 
to be followed within Group Internal Audit.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
UK-#752978185v12 
With respect to the internal auditors, they are provided with unlimited access to all activities, units and premises, 
and to all kinds and forms of data and information of the Group. They may uninterruptedly communicate with 
any executives, collective organs and staff within the Group and may request and receive from any executive 
all information and explanations necessary to fulfil their mission as part of any auditing. Any highly confidential 
or sensitive information may be brought only to the attention of the Group Chief Audit Executive. 
The internal auditors are expected to apply, and shall act in compliance with, the Group’s code of conduct and 
the rules provided for in international standards for internal auditors. 
Group Compliance Division 
The Group Compliance Division was established in the context of complying with the rules of the Basel II 
supervisory framework and the provisions of the Bank of Greece Governor’s Act 2577/2006 as an independent 
unit that is responsible for implementing the policy adopted by Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors 
in order to comply with the relevant applicable legal and regulatory framework. The Group Compliance 
Division refers to the Board of Directors through the Audit Committee; it has unrestricted access to all data and 
information necessary to carry out its duties and is managed by a person selected to be the Group Compliance 
Officer, possessing sufficient knowledge of banking and investment activities. 
The Group Compliance Division has the following competencies and responsibilities: (i) it develops and 
implements appropriate procedures and prepares a related annual compliance action plan; (ii) it informs the 
senior management and the Board of Directors of any identified significant regulatory violations; (iii) where 
regulatory changes take place, it provides relative instructions for the adjustment of internal procedures and 
internal rules; (iv) in co-operation with the human resources department, it ensures that the staff are timely 
updated on regulatory amendments; (v) it co-ordinates and evaluates the work of the Group’s heads of 
compliance units (compliance officers) in Greece and abroad; (vi) it ensures the keeping of deadlines for the 
fulfilment of regulatory obligations and provides written reassurance to the Board of Directors; (vii) it ensures 
that the Group complies with the applicable financial crime regulatory framework; (viii) it participates on a (at 
the very least) consulting basis in the design of new products and processes regarding business decisions; (ix) 
it expresses an opinion on the selection and suitability of the heads of the relevant units of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings’ subsidiaries, and evaluates their efficiency; (x) it examines and responds to competent authorities’ 
requests relative to the provision of information and/or the restriction of account/safety deposit box movement; 
(xi) it provides its opinion on new financing and loan restructuring to the relevant approval committee of the 
Bank; and (xii) it monitors participation in Piraeus Financial Holdings’ share capital increases against direct 
and indirect funding.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
UK-#752978185v12 
MANAGEMENT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
 
Management and corporate governance of Piraeus Bank 
The main administrative, management and supervisory bodies of Piraeus Bank are the Board of Directors and 
the Committees of the Board of Directors (namely the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Remuneration 
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, except for the Board Ethics & ESG 
Committee that operates only at the Piraeus Financial Holdings entity level) and the Group Executive 
Committee (a description of each is set out below). 
The above Committees correspond to and have the same composition as the respective committees of Piraeus 
Financial Holdings, except for the Group Executive Committee and the Strategy Committee of Piraeus Bank.  
The current composition of the Group Executive Committee of Piraeus Bank, which was elected by the Board 
of Directors on 23 February 2023, is: Christos Megalou (Chairman), Athanasios Arvanitis (Member), Georgios 
Georgopoulos (Member), Theodoros Gnardellis (Member), Achilleas Kontogouris (Member), Vasileios 
Koutentakis (Member), Charalampos Margaritis (Member), Emmanouil Bardis (Member), Chrysanthi Berbati 
(Member), Ioannis Stamoulis (Member) and Theodoros Tzouros (Member).  
The current composition of the Strategy Committee of Piraeus Bank, which only operates at the Bank’s entity 
level, was elected by the Board of Directors on 23 June 2022, is: Enrico Tommaso Cucchiani (Chairman, 
Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), David Hexter (Vice Chairman, Independent Non-
Executive Board of Directors Member), Karel De Boeck (Member, Board of Directors Vice Chairman, 
Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member, Senior Independent Director), Venetia Kontogouris 
(Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Anne Weatherston (Member, Independent 
Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Andrew Panzures (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board 
of Directors Member), Alexander Blades (Member, Non-Executive Board of Directors Member) and Periklis 
Dontas (HFSF Representative). 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties towards the Issuer of the 
Directors listed above and their private interests or other duties. 
Management and corporate governance of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
The main administrative, management and supervisory bodies of Piraeus Financial Holdings are the Board of 
Directors and the Committees of the Board of Directors (namely the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Board Ethics & ESG Committee) and the Group 
Executive Committee.  
Board of Directors  
According to Article 8 of the Articles of Association, Piraeus Financial Holdings is managed by a Board of 
Directors which consists of between nine and fifteen members. Pursuant to Greek Law 4706/2020, the Board 
consists of Executive and Non-Executive members. Among the Non-Executive members, at least one third, and 
in any event at least two, should be independent within the meaning of Article 9 of the aforementioned Greek 
Law. Pursuant to the Greek Law 3864/2010, a Representative of the HFSF participates as a member of the 
Board of Directors. Such member’s responsibilities are determined by the Greek Law 3864/2010 and the 
Relationship Framework Agreement between Piraeus Financial Holdings S.A., Piraeus Bank and the HFSF.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
UK-#752978185v12 
The members of the Board of Directors of Piraeus Financial Holdings are elected by Piraeus Financial Holdings’ 
General Meeting for a term of office of three years, extended up to the AGM of the year of expiry of each 
member’s term. Members of the Board may always be re-elected.  
In the event that a member of the Board of Directors resigns, passes away or relinquishes office in any manner 
whatsoever, or is deposed on account of being unjustifiably absent from meetings for three consecutive months, 
the Board of Directors may continue managing and representing Piraeus Financial Holdings without replacing 
missing members, provided the remaining members of the Board of Directors are at least nine. If the number 
of the members of the Board of Directors falls below nine, the Board of Directors must elect sufficient substitute 
members to bring the Board of Directors to nine members for the time remaining in the current term. The 
decision for such election must be published according to Article 82 of Greek Law 4548/2018 and be announced 
by the Board of Directors at the next General Meeting. The General Meeting may either approve such election 
or replace the substitute members with others, even if membership is not on the agenda. 
The Board of Directors, immediately after its election, convenes at its first meeting (formation into body) and 
elects among its members a Chairman, one or more Vice Chairmen and Managing or Executive Directors. The 
Chairman of Piraeus Financial Holdings does not at the same time serve as Managing/Executive Director. 
The Board of Directors represents Piraeus Financial Holdings and is qualified to resolve, on every act 
concerning the management, the administration of its property and the promotion of its business scope in 
general. The Board of Directors may not resolve on issues which, in accordance with the law or the Articles of 
Association, fall into the exclusive competence of the General Meeting. 
The composition of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors, which was elected by the General Meeting 
on 27 June 2023 for a term of three years expiring on 27 June 2026, to be extended until the expiration of the 
term within which the respective Annual General Meeting must convene and the relevant resolution is taken, 
and was constituted as a body corporate pursuant to its resolution of 28 June 2023, is as follows: 
Full Name 
Capacity 
Profession 
Address 
Date of first 
Appointment 
George P. 
Handjinicolaou 
Chairman of the 
Board 
of Directors—Non-
Executive Member 
Finance & 
Economics 
4 Amerikis Str., 105 
64, Athens 
1 November 
2016 
Karel G. De Boeck 
Vice-Chairman— 
Independent Non-
Executive Member— 
Senior Independent 
Director 
Economics 
601 Zeedijk, 1.1, 8300, 
Knokke Belgium  
 
8 June 2016 
Christos I. Megalou 
Managing Director 
(CEO) (Chief 
Executive Officer)—
Executive Member 
Finance & 
Economics 
4 Amerikis Str., 105 64 
Athens 
8 March 2017 
Vasileios D. Koutentakis Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Executive Member 
Electrical 
Engineering 
87 Syngrou Ave., 117 
45 Athens 
28 May 2020 
Venetia G. Kontogouris 
Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
Economics 
10, Old Hyde Road, 
Western Connecticut 
City, 06883, U.S.A. 
 
28 June 2017

--- Page 230 ---
230 
UK-#752978185v12 
Full Name 
Capacity 
Profession 
Address 
Date of first 
Appointment 
Francesca A. Tondi 
Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
Business & 
Economics 
13 Riverside Tower the 
Boulevard Imperial 
Wharf, London, SW6 
2SW, United Kingdom  
23 June 2022 
Enrico Tommaso C. 
Cucchiani 
Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
Finance 
Via Tommaso Salvini 
5, 201 22, Milano, 
Italy 
 
1 November 
2016 
David R. Hexter 
Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
Finance 
47 Kensington 
Gardens Square, 
London, W2 4BQ, 
United Kingdom 
27 January 
2016 
Solomon A. Berahas 
Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Independent Non-
Executive Member` 
Industrial 
Engineering 
and MIS 
1 Alamanas Str, 
151 25 Amarousio 
1 November 
2016 
Andrew D. Panzures 
Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
Finance 
17 East 93 Street, New 
York, 101 28 U.S.A. 
 
26 June 2020 
Anne J. Weatherston 
Member of the Board 
of Directors—
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
Business and 
IT 
Programming 
10 Belmont Crescent, 
Glasgow, G12 8EU, 
United Kingdom 
 
26 June 2020 
Alexander Z. Blades 
Member of Board of 
Directors—Non-
Executive Member 
Law 
161 Lefferts Place, 
Brooklyn, NY 11238 
U.S.A. 
27 January 
2016 
Periklis N. Dontas 
Member of Board of 
Directors—Non-
Executive Member—
Representative of the 
HFSF under the HFSF 
law 
Economics 
10 
El. Venizelos Ave, 106 
71 Athens 
18 December 
2019 
The independent Non-Executive Board members meet the independence requirements of Greek Law 
4261/2014 and of Greek Law 4706/2020. 
Brief biographical information for each of the members of the Board of Directors is set out below. 
Members of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors and principal activities outside the Group 
George P. Handjinicolaou, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Non-Executive Member 
Mr. George Handjinicolaou is the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings (and 
Piraeus Bank). He is Chairman, Non-Executive Member of the Board of ATHEXGroup and Board Member of 
the Hellenic Energy Exchange S.A. as well as Chairman of the Piraeus Bank Group Cultural Foundation. He 
held the position of Deputy CEO and Member of the Board in the International Swaps and Derivatives

--- Page 231 ---
231 
UK-#752978185v12 
Association in London for the period 2011-2016. He also held the positions of Vice Chairman, Member of the 
Management Committee and the Board of the Hellenic Capital Market Commission from 2009 to 2010. In 
addition, Mr. Handjinicolaou held the position of Managing Director, Global Head, Debt Emerging Markets 
and Member of the Global Markets Management Group at Merrill Lynch, New York. Mr. Handjinicolaou holds 
a BSc in Economics from the University of Athens Law School, Department of Economics (1975), an MBA in 
Finance (1978) and a PhD in Finance & Economics (1983) from New York University, Graduate School of 
Business Administration. 
Karel G. De Boeck, Vice-Chairman, Independent Non-Executive, Senior Independent Director 
Mr. Karel De Boeck is Vice Chairman, Independent Non–Executive Member and Senior Independent Director 
of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings (and Piraeus Bank), as well as Chairman of the Risk Committee, 
Vice Chairman of the Board Ethics & ESG Committee, Member of the Audit Committee and Member of the 
Nomination Committee. He is also a Board Member of LAMIFIL and Willemen Group, Belgium. He held the 
position of CEO at Dexia Group, at Dexia NV in Belgium and CEO at Dexia Credit Local S.A. in France, as 
well as at Fortis Group in Belgium. Mr. De Boeck holds a Master’s Degree in Mechanical / Civil Electronic 
Engineering (magna cum laude) from KUL in Belgium (1972) and a Master’s Degree in Economics from KUL 
in Belgium (1974). 
Christos I. Megalou, Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Member 
Mr. Christos Megalou is an Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings (and Piraeus Bank), 
CEO and Chairman of the Group Executive Committee. Mr.Megalou is Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Snappi S.A., A’ Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Association of S.A. and Entrepreneurship and Non-
Executive Board Member of the Hellenic Bank Association (“ΗΒΑ”), where he held the position of Deputy 
Chairman from 2013 to 2015.  Also, he was elected, for two consecutive terms, Chairman of the HBA in the 
UK (2010-2013). He is a distinguished fellow of the Global Federation Competitiveness Councils in 
Washington D.C., USA and a Non-Executive Board Member of Safe Bulkers Inc. Mr. Megalou graduated with 
a BSc in Economics from the Athens University of Economics in 1981 and holds an MBA in Finance from 
Aston University in Birmingham, UK (1982). 
Vasileios D. Koutentakis, Executive Member 
Mr. Vasileios Koutentakis is an Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings (and Piraeus 
Bank). He is a Member of the Group Executive Committee, as well as having been an Executive General 
Manager, Chief Retail Banking in Piraeus Bank since 2017. He is a Member of the Board of Snappi S.A. and 
of Piraeus Agency Solutions S.A., and Member of the Executive Committee of the HBA, as well as a Member 
and HBA Representative of the Liquidity Council of the Ministry of Finance and Chairman of INSEAD NAA 
in Greece. Also, he is a Member of the Board at Piraeus Bank Group Cultural Foundation. He was a Board 
Member of VISA Hellas from 2004 until 2012. Mr. Koutentakis holds a Diploma in Electrical Engineering 
from the National Technical University of Athens (1987) and an MBA from INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France 
(1990). 
Venetia G. Kontogouris, Independent Non-Executive Member 
Mrs Venetia Kontogouris is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
(and Piraeus Bank), as well as a Member of the Nomination Committee and Member of the Board Ethics & 
ESG Committee. Also, she is a Member of the Board at Kaizen Private Equity, as well as Founder and Managing 
Director of Venkon Group, LLC. She was Co-Managing Director at Trident from 1995 to 2011. Mrs 
Kontogouris is a technology-focused venture capitalist, with over 20 years of experience. She was responsible 
for overseeing management and making key decisions in over 25 companies from the initial seed investment to 
the exit strategy. Mrs Kontogouris holds a BA from Northeastern University (1974) and an MBA from the 
University of Chicago (1977).

--- Page 232 ---
232 
UK-#752978185v12 
Francesca A. Tondi, Independent Non-Executive Member 
Mrs Francesca Tondi is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
(and Piraeus Bank), as well as Chair of the Board Ethics & ESG Committee and Member of the Remuneration 
Committee and Audit Committee. Mrs Francesca Tondi is also a Non-Executive Board Member of the Unicredit 
Group, Milan, Italy, Chair of the ESG Committee and Member of the Internal Control and Risks Committee 
(Risk and Audit). She is Global Financial Sector Lead of the Climate Governance Initiative, London, UK and 
Board Member of the CCFL, London, UK. She held the positions of Managing Director, Equities in JP Morgan 
Securities in London from 2000 to 2010 and in Morgan Stanley in London from 2010 to 2015. Mrs. Tondi holds 
a degree in Business and Economics from Bocconi University, Italy (1991), she is a Qualified Chartered 
Accountant (ICAEW equivalent), Italy (1993) and completed the Certified Fintech Course of ESCP Business 
School in London in 2016. 
Enrico Tommaso C. Cucchiani, Independent Non-Executive Member 
Mr. Enrico Tommaso Cucchiani is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings (and Piraeus Bank), as well as Vice Chairman of the Nomination Committee, Member of the 
Remuneration Committee and Member the Board Ethics & ESG Committee. Mr. Cucchiani holds the position 
of Non-Executive Vice Chairman of the Board of IllyCaffe, as well as the position of Non-Executive Director 
of the Board of Terna SPA. He is also Member of the Board at Bocconi University, Javotte Bocconi Foundation, 
Amici Normale Di Pisa University, Trilateral Commission and Weizmann Institute. He served as Member of 
the Board of RSA Insurance Group from 2014 to 2021, and held the position of Member of the Executive Board 
of Allianz Group being responsible for all business activities in most of Europe, Latin America and Africa. In 
addition, he served as Group CEO of Intesa Sanpaolo. Mr. Cucchiani was appointed Cavaliere del Lavoro, the 
highest honorary title by the President of Italy, as well as Bocconi Man of the Year in 2006. He holds an MBA 
(Fullbright Fellow) from Stanford Graduate School of Business, USA and a Dottore In Economia (PhD in 
Economics) from Bocconi University, Italy. He completed his research activity on Multinational Corporations 
at Harvard Business School, UK. 
David R. Hexter, Independent Non-Executive Member 
Mr. David Hexter is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings (and 
Piraeus Bank), as well as Chairman of the Nomination Committee, Member of the Audit Committee and 
Member of the Board Ethics & ESG Committee. He is an Independent Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Santander Bank Polska and Non-Executive Chairman of the Supervisory Board of PENM (Private Equity New 
Markets), Copenhagen. Mr. Hexter held the position of Deputy Vice President of the Banking Department, as 
well as Chairman of the Equity Investment Committee and Member of the Operations Committee at the 
European Bank of Reconstruction and Development (1996-2004). Mr. Hexter holds an MA in Philosophy, 
Politics and Economics from Oxford University (1970), an MBA from the Cranfield School of Management 
(1973), an MPhil from Birkbeck, University of London (2011) and a PhD from London University (2016). 
Solomon A. Berahas, Independent Non-Executive Member 
Mr. Solomon Berahas is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
(and Piraeus Bank), as well as Vice Chairman of the Risk Committee and of the Audit Committee, Member of 
the Remuneration Committee and Member of the Board Ethics & ESG Committee. Mr. Berahas is Chairman 
and Managing Director of the Board of Tiresias S.A. Bank Information Systems in Athens. He is also Vice 
Chairman of the Board at the Piraeus Bank Group Cultural Foundation, Member of the Board at ELEPAP and 
at the Association of S.A. and Entrepreneurship. Between 2006 and 2012, Mr. Berahas held the position of Vice 
Chairman of the Board of Eurobank Financial Planning Services. Mr. Berahas holds a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering (1976), an MSc in Industrial Engineering and Management Information Systems (1978) and a DSc 
in Operations Research from the Technion Israel Institute of Technology (1981).

--- Page 233 ---
233 
UK-#752978185v12 
Andrew D. Panzures, Independent Non-Executive Member 
Mr. Andrew Panzures is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
(and Piraeus Bank), as well as Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, Member of the Nomination 
Committee and Member of the Risk Committee. Mr Panzures is a Board Member of Interaudi Bank USA/ 
Private Equity Investor and served as Principal-Senior Portfolio Manager at Graham Capital Management in 
the Global Multi Macro-Graham Capital Management LLC Sector (2011-2016). Between 2009 through 2011, 
Mr. Panzures was Co-CIO and a Managing Partner at Medley Macro Fund Management. From 2003 through 
2008, Mr. Panzures held the position of Managing Director and CIO of the Americas-New York at JPMorgan 
Chase. Mr. Panzures graduated from Ontario Scholar in 1977 and from York University’s Schulich School of 
Business - BBA Finance in 1981. 
Anne J. Weatherston, Independent Non-Executive Member 
Mrs. Anne Weatherston is an Independent Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
(and Piraeus Bank), as well as Chair of the Audit Committee and Member of the Risk Committee. Mrs 
Weatherston is also a Board Member of AIB UK and of ALBA Bank. She held the positions of Board Member 
of Archa Neobank, CIO at Bank of Ireland, Group CIO of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group and Chief 
Transformation Officer & CIO at Energy Australia. Mrs Weatherston holds an MA in Archaeology from 
Glasgow University and an MBA from Strathclyde University Business School. She has also completed a four-
year Government scheme (UK programme) in IT programming, is a graduate of the Australian Institute of 
Directors and its Chair mentoring programme and has completed the Executive Leadership Training from 
Harvard & London Business School. 
Alexander Z. Blades, Non-Executive Member 
Mr. Alexander Blades is a Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings (and Piraeus 
Bank), as well as Member of the Risk Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee 
and the Board Ethics & ESG Committee. Mr. Blades is Member of the Board of Snappi S.A. He has also been 
a Partner at Paulson & Co. Inc., New York since 2009, as well as a Member of the New York State Bar 
Association and a barrister and solicitor of the High Court of New Zealand. Mr. Blades holds a BA (1993) and 
LLB (Hons) (1994) from Victoria University of Wellington and an LLM from the University of Chicago (1997). 
Periklis N. Dontas, Non-Executive Member, HFSF Representative 
Mr. Periklis Dontas is a Non-Executive Member of the Board of Piraeus Financial Holdings (and Piraeus Bank) 
and the HFSF Representative under Greek Law 3864/2010 of Piraeus Financial Holdings, as well as a Member 
of the Risk Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and the Board 
Ethics & ESG Committee. He is also an Independent Non-Executive Board Member of FF Group. From 2008 
to 2012, Mr. Dontas held the position of Deputy CEO and Executive Member of the Board of EFG Eurobank 
S.A. (Poland). From 2016 to 2018, he was Director of Risk Consulting and Business Development at KPMG 
Advisors S.A. Mr. Dontas has a BA in Economics from The American College of Greece (1979) and an MA in 
Economics from Essex University, UK (1981). 
Committees of the Board of Directors of Piraeus Financial Holdings and the Group Executive Committee  
The organisational chart of Piraeus Financial Holdings provides for the following committees: 
• 
the Audit Committee; 
• 
the Risk Committee; 
• 
the Remuneration Committee; 
• 
the Nomination Committee;

--- Page 234 ---
234 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
the Board Ethics & ESG Committee; and 
• 
the Group Executive Committee. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is a Board Committee comprising Non-Executive members of the Board, the majority of 
whom, including its Chair, are independent within the meaning of the provisions of Greek Law 4706/2020. The 
HFSF Representative participates as a member in the Audit Committee, with full voting rights. The operation 
of the Audit Committee is governed by Article 44 of Greek Law 4449/2017, as amended by Greek Law 
4706/2020, the respective notices, explanations and recommendations of the supervisory authorities and 
additionally by its terms of reference. The Chair of the Audit Committee is an independent non-executive 
member of the Board and has, inter alia, extended experience in Internal Audit and Finance within the meaning 
of Greek Law 4449/2017. The Audit Committee as a whole possesses appropriate competence and experience 
for the effective performance of its duties. 
The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee are: (i) supervising and evaluating the drafting processes of 
the annual and interim financial statements of the Group and Piraeus Financial Holdings prior to their 
publication; (ii) supervising the audit and review of the Group and Piraeus Financial Holdings’ annual financial 
statements and mid-year interim financial information conducted by the statutory auditors and cooperation with 
the statutory auditors on a regular basis; (iii) ensuring the independence of the statutory auditors in accordance 
with applicable Greek Laws; (iv) proposing to the Board the selection of statutory auditors and whenever 
deemed appropriate, proposing their replacement or rotation; conducting the tender procedure for the 
appointment of the auditors in accordance with article 16 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2014 in conjunction with 
article 44 of Greek Law 4449/2017; (v) monitoring and annual evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of 
the ICS of the Group and Piraeus Financial Holdings; (vi) evaluating the work of the Internal Audit, focusing 
on issues related to the degree of its independence, the quality and scope of its audits, the priorities determined 
by changes in the economic environment, the systems and in the level of risks and the overall efficiency of its 
operation; (vii) determining the scope and appointing, at the latest every three years, an external audit firm, 
other than the statutory auditors to assess the adequacy of the ICS and (viii) monitoring and evaluating on an 
annual basis the work of the Compliance function. 
By virtue of a resolution of the Annual General Meeting dated 27 June 2023, the Audit Committee is a 
Committee of the Board of Directors, consisting of six non-executive Board members, of which five are 
independent according to the provisions of article 9 of Greek Law 4706/2020. The term of office of the 
Committee members shall coincide with their term of office as Board members, i.e. until the Annual General 
Meeting of year 2026 and shall in any case expire if they cease to be members of the Board.  
The current composition of the Audit Committee, which was appointed by the meeting of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings’ Board of Directors on 28 June 2023 and the Audit Committee on 28 June 2023 and formed into a 
body in accordance with Article 44 of Greek Law 4449/2017, in conjunction with the provisions of Greek Law 
4706/2020, is as follows: Anne Weatherston (Chair, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), 
Solomon Berahas (Vice-Chair, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), David Hexter 
(Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Karel De Boeck (Member, Board of 
Directors Vice Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member, Senior Independent 
Director), Francesca Tondi (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member) and Periklis 
Dontas (HFSF Representative). Two members of the Audit Committee, Mrs. Anne Weatherston and Mr. 
Solomon Berahas (additionally, the Representative of HFSF Mr. Periklis Dontas) have adequate knowledge in 
financial management, accounting and auditing, and the required knowledge for the supervision of the audit 
procedures and accounting issues, with which the Committee is concerned. Mrs. Anne Weatherston attends 
Committee meetings regarding the approval of financial statements.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
UK-#752978185v12 
Biographical information for each of the members of the Audit Committee is set out under “—Management 
and corporate governance of Piraeus Financial Holdings—Members of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of 
Directors and principal activities outside the Group”. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee is appointed by Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors and consists of Non-
Executive members of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors having sufficient knowledge and 
experience in the field of risk management. 
The Risk Committee consists of at least three members and Non-Executive board members, but, in any case, 
no more than 40 per cent. (rounded to the nearest whole number) of the total members of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings’ Board of Directors (excluding the HFSF Representative). The majority of the members (rounded to 
the nearest whole number, and excluding the HFSF Representative) should be independent. The Risk 
Committee’s Chairman is appointed by the Board of Directors and must possess solid experience in the financial 
services and banking industry, and preferably risk management, as well as familiarity with the local and 
international regulatory framework, which regulates the Group’s operations. The capacity of the Board of 
Directors’ Chairman is incompatible with the capacity of the Risk Committee’s Chairman, while the Chairman 
of the Risk Committee cannot be the Chairman of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Audit Committee at the same 
time. All members of the Risk Committee should possess adequate knowledge and previous experience in the 
financial services and banking industry, with at least one member having solid risk and capital management 
experience, as well as familiarity with the local and international regulatory framework.  
The Risk Committee ensures that: (i) the Group has a well-defined risk and capital strategy and risk appetite 
framework, in line with its business goals, as well as the available human and technical resources; (ii) the risk 
appetite of the Group is articulated and clearly communicated in a set of quantitative and qualitative statements, 
and specific limits, for the material risks, (iii) all risks connected to the activity of the Group are effectively 
identified, assessed, measured, controlled, mitigated and monitored; and (iv) the risk management and control 
framework in place, including policies, methods and tools, complies with risk and capital strategy and risk 
appetite, as well as regulatory and supervisory requirements.  
The current composition of the Risk Committee, which was elected by the Board of Directors on 28 June 2023, 
is: Karel De Boeck (Chairman, Board of Directors Vice Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of 
Directors Member), Solomon Berahas (Vice Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors 
Member), Andrew Panzures (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Anne 
Weatherston (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Alexander Blades (Member, 
Non-Executive Board of Directors Member) and Periklis Dontas (HFSF Representative). 
Biographical information for each of the members of the Risk Committee is set out under “—Management 
and corporate governance of Piraeus Financial Holdings—Members of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board 
of Directors and principal activities outside the Group”. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee consists of at least three Non-Executive Board members, the majority of whom, 
including the Chair are independent within the meaning of Greek Law 4706/2020, with the total number of its 
members, in any case, not exceeding 40 per cent. of the number of the members of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ 
Board of Directors, excluding the HFSF Representative who participates in the Remuneration Committee with 
full voting rights. 
The Remuneration Committee, as a body, has collective knowledge and professional experience in 
remuneration issues, and risk management and control activities. At least one member of the Remuneration

--- Page 236 ---
236 
UK-#752978185v12 
Committee is also member of the Risk Committee to oversee alignment of the remuneration policy with the risk 
and capital strategy of the Group. 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the design, monitoring and periodic review of the remuneration 
policy in accordance with applicable law and in alignment with the Group’s strategic goals. It takes into account 
the risk appetite framework of the Group, and the long-term interests of shareholders, investors and other 
stakeholders. In the scope of the Remuneration Committee is also included the monitoring of a framework 
implementation that objectively evaluates performance and is directly linked to the determination of the 
remuneration of employees, risk takers and non-risk takers, the implementation of the Group’s talent 
management and succession planning policies as well as the implementation of strategies with the purpose of 
building a corporate culture that will support the Group’s objectives and vision. The competencies of the 
Remuneration Committee relate to the Group. 
The current composition of the Remuneration Committee, which was elected by the Board of Directors on 28 
June 2023, is: Andrew Panzures (Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Enrico 
Tommaso Cucchiani (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Solomon Berahas 
(Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Alexander Blades (Member, Non-
Executive Board of Directors Member), Francesca Tondi (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of 
Directors Member) and Periklis Dontas (HFSF Representative).  
Biographical information for each of the members of the Remuneration Committee is set out under “—
Management and corporate governance of Piraeus Financial Holdings—Members of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings’ Board of Directors and principal activities outside the Group”. 
Nomination Committee  
The Nomination Committee consists of at least three Non-Executive members of the Board of Directors, 
including a representative of the HFSF, whilst the total number of its members should not exceed 40 per cent. 
of the members of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors (excluding the HFSF Representative). The 
majority of the members must be independent Non-Executive members including its Chairman, as per the 
provisions of Greek Law 4706/2020.  
The Nomination Committee has responsibility to (inter alia): (i) identify and nominate suitable candidates to 
be proposed by the Board to the General Meeting for election or re-election or as replacements for Board 
positions which become vacant; (ii) establish a candidate’s “independence” in the context of Greek corporate 
law and relevant EBA guidelines; (iii) review at least annually the structure, size and composition (including 
the aggregate skillset, knowledge, independence, experience and diversity) of the Board and of its committees, 
and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any adjustments that are deemed necessary; (iv) design 
the succession planning for the Board and top executive management in order to ensure Board and management 
continuity; (v) adopt and periodically review a nomination criteria policy for board members; (vi) adopt a 
diversity policy for board members and review it on a biannual basis; (vii) conduct an annual assessment of the 
effectiveness of the Board and its committees; also ensure that an annual performance evaluation is conducted 
for the CEO and the other Board executives which will be reported to the Board; (viii) evaluate the independence 
of the incumbent non-executive Board members once a year; (ix) adopt, periodically review and monitor the 
application of an induction and training policy for Board members; and (x) oversee the induction and training 
programmes for members of the Board. 
The Nomination Committee ensures that the members of the Board of Directors have, as a whole, sufficient 
knowledge of, and experience in, at least the Group’s main activities, in order to exercise meaningful 
supervision over the Group’s operations, either directly or indirectly through the various Board of Directors’ 
Committees.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Nomination Committee takes into account on an ongoing basis the need to ensure that the decision-making 
process of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors is not influenced by any one member or small group 
in a way that would affect the interests of the Group as a whole. 
The Nomination Committee may use any resources it deems appropriate, including external consultants, and it 
shall be provided with the adequate funds to meet this objective. 
The current composition of the Nomination Committee, which was elected by the Board of Directors on 28 
June 2023, is: David Hexter (Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Enrico 
Tommaso Cucchiani (Vice Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Karel De 
Boeck (Member, Board of Directors Vice Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member, 
Senior Independent Director), Andrew Panzures (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors 
Member), Venetia Kontogouris (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors), Alexander Blades 
(Member, Non-Executive Board of Directors) and Periklis Dontas (HFSF Representative). 
Biographical information for each of the members of the Nomination Committee is set out under “—
Management and corporate governance of Piraeus Financial Holdings—Members of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings’ Board of Directors and principal activities outside the Group”. 
Board Ethics & ESG Committee  
All members of the Committee must be non-executive Board members. The Board Ethics & ESG Committee 
comprises at least three Non-Executive Board Members, the majority of whom must be independent. The HFSF 
Representative to the PFH’s Board shall be among the Board Ethics & ESG Committee Members. 
The objective of the Board Ethics & ESG Committee is (a) to consider the material ethical, environmental, 
social and governance issues relevant to the Group’s business activities; and (b) to support the Group in 
maintaining its position as a reference leader in ethical and ESG (environmental, social and governance) issues. 
The Ethics & ESG Committee’s role is to support the Board of Directors and its Committees for both PFH and 
Piraeus Bank as applicable, by proactively setting, challenging, supporting and overseeing policies and 
strategies implemented by management to generate value for all stakeholders and to promote the corporate 
values and culture of the Group. 
The Board Ethics & ESG Committee works closely in co-ordination with the Board of Directors’ Nomination, 
Remuneration, Audit, Risk and Strategy Committees, in assisting the Board of Directors to meet its ESG 
responsibilities. 
The Board Ethics & ESG Committee is responsible for overseeing, reviewing and providing direction to 
management on policies and strategies (or initiatives) relating to matters of ethics. It is also responsible for 
overseeing management effort to foster a culture of ethics, and discouraging unethical behaviour. 
The Board Ethics & ESG Committee is responsible for monitoring the strategy, policies, initiatives and 
programmes of the Group with respect to society, culture and the environment, including climate change, as 
well as natural and human-built environments. Where necessary, the Board Ethics & ESG Committee consults 
and works or convenes together with the rest of the Board Committees in order to understand and assess properly 
certain ESG matters that may be thoroughly presented and discussed during other Board Committee meetings. 
The current composition of the Board Ethics & ESG Committee, which was elected by the Board of Directors 
on 28 June 2023, is: Francesca Tondi (Chair, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Karel 
De Boeck (Vice Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member, Senior Independent 
Director), Enrico Tommaso Cucchiani (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member),

--- Page 238 ---
238 
UK-#752978185v12 
David Hexter (Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Venetia Kontogouris 
(Member, Independent Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Solomon Berahas (Member, Independent 
Non-Executive Board of Directors Member), Alexander Blades (Member, Non-Executive Board of Directors 
Member) and Periklis Dontas (HFSF Representative). 
Group Executive Committee 
The Group Executive Committee consists of senior executives of the Group and is chaired by the Group’s CEO 
and executive member of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors. 
By authorisation of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors, the Group Executive Committee has, inter 
alia, the following responsibilities, which it may delegate or assign to administrative committees, committee 
members or company executives: (i) monitors the implementation of both the business plan of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings and the Group and makes the necessary decisions for achieving the plan’s goals; (ii) establishes the 
directions of the budget and proposes the annual budget to the Board; (iii) approves the introduction of new and 
significant changes to existing products and services of Piraeus Financial Holdings, as well as restructuring 
products, and defines their pricing policy before they are made available to clients; (iv) approves the marketing 
strategy and monitors its implementation and effectiveness; (v) approves the Group’s technological 
infrastructure strategy; (vi) approves HR programmes (voluntary departure, fees, insurance and other 
contributions); (vii) sets, within the range of its own approval limits, the approval limits of the Group’s 
management committees and executives. 
The current composition of the Group Executive Committee, which was elected by the Board of Directors on 4 
May 2023, is: Christos Megalou (Chairman), Theodoros Gnardellis (Member), Vasileios Koutentakis 
(Member), Charalampos Margaritis (Member) and Ioannis Stamoulis (Member).  
Group Internal Audit Unit 
The Group Internal Audit Unit is responsible for the entire internal audit function of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
and exercises high supervision of the Group’s entire internal audit function. 
The Group Internal Audit Unit has its own annual audit plan and annual budget, which is submitted for approval 
to the Board of Directors through the Audit Committee and is administratively independent from other units 
and abstains from any executive and operational responsibilities. It also occupies full-time staff on an exclusive 
basis, not reporting to any other unit while any transfer of a member of its staff to another unit is subject to 
the Chief Audit Officer’s approval and notification of the Audit Committee. 
The planning of audit engagements is the outcome of a risk assessment process. The audit cycle, within which 
the audit areas are covered depending on the significance of the respective risk, is determined. The audit cycle 
is approved and amended only upon decision of the Audit Committee.  
The Group Internal Audit Unit assesses, inter alia, whether: (i) the risks related to the achievement of the 
strategic objectives are identified and managed; (ii) the staff actions comply with the established policies and 
procedures as well as applicable laws, regulations and governance standards; (iii) operations are carried out 
effectively and (if auditable) efficiently; (iv) financial or non-financial information and the data used to identify, 
measure, analyse, classify and report are reliable, accurate and complete; and (v) resources and assets are used 
safely.  
The Internal Audit Unit of Piraeus Financial Holdings is governed by the Internal Audit Charter, which sets out 
and illustrates the principles and the framework governing the Internal Audit activity in Piraeus Financial 
Holdings. The internal Audit Charter was initially approved by Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors 
on 25 February 2021, and was revised on 14 December 2022.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Internal Operating Regulation of Piraeus Financial Holdings, which includes the necessary rules and 
regulates the required procedures to ensure the orderly functioning of Piraeus Financial Holdings’ internal 
control, was approved and entered into force pursuant to the resolution of No. 1493/24.06.2021 of Piraeus 
Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors. 
Chief Audit Officer  
Piraeus Financial Holdings appointed Mrs. Pavlina Vitzilaiou as Chief Audit Officer on 30 December 2020. 
The Chief Audit Officer is appointed by Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors following relevant 
proposal of the Audit Committee, is employed on a full-time and exclusive basis, is personally and functionally 
independent and objective, and has a sound background and adequate professional experience. The Chief Audit 
Officer reports functionally to Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Board of Directors through the Audit Committee 
and administratively to the Chief Executive Officer. 
Mrs. Pavlina Vitzilaiou is employed by Piraeus Financial Holdings on a full-time and exclusive basis, has a 
sound background and adequate and extensive professional experience in internal audit and advisory risk 
services. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration (Deree College) and a Master of Science in 
Management (University of Surrey, UK). She is a Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE – ACFE), Certified Internals 
Controls Auditor (CICA – TheIIC), certified in Risk Management Assurance (CRMA – IIA) and approved 
member of the Charter of Internal Auditors of the Greek Economic Chamber.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
THE BANKING SECTOR IN GREECE 
 
The Greek Banking Market 
Since the onset of the international financial crisis beginning in 2008, and the emergence of the fiscal crisis in 
Greece in the last quarter of 2009, Greek banks have undergone a phase of significant consolidation. Several 
banks, including Proton, New TT Hellenic Postbank and the Agricultural Bank of Greece S.A. ("ATEbank"), 
First Business Bank S.A. and Probank were placed in liquidation, with selected assets and liabilities being 
transferred to other credit institutions.  Piraeus Bank has actively participated in the consolidation process by 
having acquired Société Générale’s Greek subsidiary, Geniki Bank S.A., selected assets and liabilities of 
ATEbank, all deposits, loans and branches in Greece of the Bank of Cyprus, Cyprus Popular Bank and Hellenic 
Bank, including the loans and deposits of their subsidiaries in Greece, Millennium Bank and, certain assets and 
liabilities of Panellinia Bank. 
The Greek economy and the banking sector has made substantial progress since the severe fiscal crisis of the 
past decade, which built up after years of imprudent fiscal policies and competitiveness losses, and although 
challenges to global financial stability remain imminent, with successive crisis and heightened volatility, both 
Greece and the banking sector is on a path to normality. 
The Greek banks capital adecquacy ratios on a consolidated basis improved as at 31 December 2022 relative to 
one year earlier, although reduced on a quarter to quarter basis, remaining below European averages. More 
specifically, as at 31 December 2022 the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and the Total Capital Ratio, on a 
consolidated basis, increased to 14.4 per cent versus 13.5 per cent as at December 2021 and 17.4 per cent versus 
16.2 per cent as at 31 December 2021, respectively. As at 31 March 2023, the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio on 
a consolidated basis fell to 13.4% and the Total Capital Ratio to 16.5%. (Source: Bank of Greece, Bank of 
Greece Monetary Policy Report 2022-2023). 
The tightening of the single monetary policy that began in 2022 has led to increases in bank interest rates by 
domestic credit institutions. Bank deposit rates have progressively been adjusted upwards since the fourth 
quarter of 2022, responding with a lag and not fully to policy rate hikes. Owing to the gradual slowdown in 
economic activity and rising interest rates, the net monthly flow of bank credit to non-financial corporations in 
January-May 2023 was lower than in the corresponding period of the previous year. The outstanding amount 
of bank credit to households kept contracting in the first five months of 2023, with relatively stronger year-on-
year rates of change than in 2022. (Source: Bank of Greece, Bank of Greece Monetary Policy Report 2022-
2023). 
Deposits by the domestic private sector rised within 2022, despite the fact that their annual growth was affected 
by lower real deposit rates. Private sector deposits increased by a cumulative €8.6 billion year on eyar, as at 31 
December 2022. Household deposits grew by € 6 billion year on year, as at 31 December 2022, while business 
deposits increased by €3.4 billion year on year, as at 31 Decemver 2022 (Source: Bank of Greece, Summary of 
the Annual report 2022). 
Greek banking sector improved their loan portfolio quality further, although the stock of NPLs as a share of the 
total loans remains above the Euro area average. As at 31 December 2022, the NPL ratio declined further to 8.7 
per cent versus a NPL ratio of 12.8 per cent at 31 December 2021. All systemic banks have already reached 
their signle digit NPL ratio operational target, primarly through loan sales using the HAPS scheme and, to a

--- Page 241 ---
241 
UK-#752978185v12 
laser extent, the recoveries from active NPL management and repayments faciliatied by the borrower support 
measures by the government and the banks. (Source: Bank of Greece, Summary of the Annual report 2022). 
According to the Bank of Greece, as at December 2022, there were nine credit institutions and six co-operative 
banks established in Greece, while 21 foreign financial institutions operate in the domestic market through 
branch networks. There is also a specialised credit institution, the Consignment Deposits and Loans Fund. 
(Source: Bank of Greece, List of credit institutions operating in Greece). 
Economic Adjustment Programmes, the PSI and the Buy-Back Programme 
The aggravated financial condition of Greece since the end of 2009 has limited, to a significant extent, Greek 
banks’ access to the international capital markets. In early May 2010, the Greek government agreed to the first 
economic adjustment programme jointly supported by the Institutions (the "First Economic Adjustment 
Programme"), which would provide significant financial support of €73 billion in the form of a cooperative 
package of €20.1 billion from IMF and €52.9 billion in the form of bilateral loans with EU countries. The First 
Economic Adjustment Programme was established pursuant to two memoranda, each dated 3 May 2010, which 
set out a series of fiscal measures and structural reforms, including the creation of the HFSF. 
On 21 February 2012, following consultations at an international level, the Institutions agreed the Second 
Economic Adjustment Programme. The Second Economic Adjustment Programme’s main objective was to 
ensure the sustainability of Greek government debt, the solidification and recapitalisation of the Greek banking 
system and the resolution of non-viable banks and to restore competitiveness to the Greek economy. Pursuant 
to the Second Economic Adjustment Programme, Greece was to set fiscal consolidation targets so as to return 
to a primary surplus by 2013, to fully carry out the privatisation plan and to proceed to implement structural 
reforms in the labour, goods and services markets. In addition, the principles for the Private Sector Involvement 
(the "PSI") in the restructuring of the Hellenic Republic’s sovereign debt were agreed, as well as the 53.5 per 
cent. reduction in the nominal value of Greek government bonds. As a result of the PSI, which began on 24 
February 2012 and was completed on 25 April 2012, the total amount of sovereign debt restructured was 
approximately €199 billion, i.e. 96.9 per cent. of the total eligible bonds (approximately €205.5 billion) (source: 
Ministry of Finance).  On 14 March 2012, the finance ministers of the Eurozone approved financing of the 
Second Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece. Unlike the First Economic Adjustment Programme, 
which was based on bilateral loans, the members of the Eurozone agreed that the second programme would be 
financed by the EFSF. 
Apart from the PSI principles, in order to ensure the sustainability of Greek government debt, it was also decided 
on 21 February 2012 that: (i) the interest rate margin on the loan that Greece had been granted by the Eurozone 
countries would be retroactively decreased to 150 basis points; (ii) the ECB’s income from acquiring and 
holding Greek bonds would be allocated to central banks and through them to the Member States, which would 
in turn direct such amounts to Greece’s debt relief; and (iii) central banks holding Greek bonds in their 
investment portfolio would cede the income arising from these bonds to Greece until 2020. 
By mid-2012, the political uncertainty created in Greece after two elections, the delays in implementing the 
programme, as well as a stronger than expected recession in the Greek economy, led to a review of the terms 
of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme, as the sustainability of Greek government debt was put into 
question. On 27 November 2012, following consultations at national and international levels, basic points and 
actions were determined, with the aim of achieving the sustainability of Greek government debt at 175 per cent. 
of GDP in 2016, 124 per cent. in 2020 and below 110 per cent. in 2022. At the same time, an agreement was 
reached to extend the programme and delay the targeted primary surplus of 4.5 per cent. of GDP from 2014 to

--- Page 242 ---
242 
UK-#752978185v12 
2016, while, on 3 December 2012, the Public Debt Management Agency announced the terms for the buy-back 
programme consisting of an auction for buying back Greek government bonds. On 11 December 2012, the buy-
back programme process was completed and total offers amounted to a nominal value of approximately €31.9 
billion, while the weighted average price was approximately 33.8 per cent. of the nominal value. For the buy 
back of the bonds offered, six month EFSF notes were issued for a nominal value of €11.3 billion (including 
accrued interest). 
At the beginning of January 2013, the European Commission and the IMF completed the review of the Second 
Economic Adjustment Programme and approved disbursement of the next tranches. Following continued 
negotiations, the Greek government and representatives of the Institutions reached an agreement on the policies 
that could constitute the basis for completing the review of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme. 
Approval of such agreement was announced by the Eurogroup on 1 April 2014, while approval by the board of 
directors of the IMF was still pending at the time. The Institutions stated in a 19 March 2014 press release that, 
inter alia, the Greek economy was beginning to stabilise and was expected to gradually recover. The Institutions 
acknowledged, however, that although Greece had achieved a higher than expected primary surplus in 2013, 
only a small part of such surplus would carry over into 2014. 
Until 30 June 2015, the Hellenic Republic received financial support from the EFSF and the IMF in the form 
of financial loans within the framework of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme, which included a 
series of austerity measures and structural reforms. More specifically, the EFSF disbursed €141.8 billion while 
the IMF disbursed €12.0 billion, a total of €153.8 billion. 
Following the election of a new coalition government in January 2015, the new government moved to negotiate 
a new financing framework and a revised reform programme with the Institutions in the context of the fifth 
review of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme. On 18 February 2015, the Greek government filed a 
request to extend the Master Financial Assistance Facility Agreement for Greece. As a result of these 
negotiations, on 27 February 2015, the Second Economic Adjustment Programme was extended by the EFSF 
until 30 June 2015. The negotiations and discussions between Greece and the Institutions did not lead to an 
agreement or the successful completion of the fifth review of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme. 
On 28 June 2015, the ECB announced that it would not increase the ELA ceiling for Greece’s banking system 
from the €89.0 billion agreed on 26 June 2015. At that time, the Eurosystem’s support to Greek banks (directly 
through the ECB’s main refinancing operations and indirectly through the ELA mechanism) exceeded 70 per 
cent. of Greece’s GDP. 
In order to protect the Greek financial system from increasing deposit outflows, the Greek government adopted 
on 28 June 2015 an urgent legislative act declaring the period from 28 June 2015 until 6 July 2015 a bank 
holiday for all financial institutions operating in Greece in any form. Simultaneously, restrictions on cash 
withdrawals from ATMs, transfers of funds abroad and other transactions were put in force during the bank 
holiday, which was subsequently extended until 19 July 2015. In parallel, the ATHEX regulated markets and 
the Multilateral Trading Facility of ‘‘EN.A.’’ were closed for the period of the bank holiday, pursuant to a 
decision of the HCMC. 
Greece's Second Economic Adjustment Programme expired on 30 June 2015. The Greek government then made 
a formal request for stability support from the ESM on 8 July 2015. The European Commission and the ECB 
made a positive assessment of the request because of the risk to the financial stability of the euro area. They 
provided an assessment of the sustainability of Greece's public debt and financing needs. This assessment was 
discussed by the Eurogroup and at the Eurosummit on 12 and 13 July 2015. The leaders from the euro area

--- Page 243 ---
243 
UK-#752978185v12 
countries agreed in principle that they were ready to start negotiations on an ESM financial assistance 
programme for Greece, provided a number of strict conditions would be met before negotiations formally began. 
A short-term bridge loan of €7.2 billion was disbursed under the EFSM on 20 July 2015 to cover financing 
needs until the new ESM programme would be launched. The Eurogroup reached political agreement on 14 
August 2015 based on the adoption of measures by the Greek authorities and the ESM board of governors' 
approval of further assistance accompanied by a stability support programme under the ESM framework. 
Greece then signed an MoU with the European Commission, acting on behalf of the ESM, on 19 August 2015. 
On this basis, the Greek authorities signed a financial assistance facility agreement with the ESM to specify the 
financial terms of the loan. At the same time, the Council of the European Union adopted decisions approving 
the stability support programme and the updated fiscal path for Greece. This paved the way for mobilising up 
to €86 billion in financial assistance over three years (2015 to 2018) (the “Third Economic Adjustment 
Programme”). The funds provided by the ESM were linked to progress in implementing the policy conditions 
agreed in the MoU. The policies were built around four pillars: restoring fiscal sustainability, safeguarding 
financial stability, growth, competitiveness and investment and a modern state and public administration. 
Under the Third Economic Adjustment Programme, a first disbursement of €13 billion was made on 20 August 
2015 following signature of the MoU. An additional €10 billion was earmarked for bank recapitalisation and 
resolution. These funds were intended to allow the Greek state to: repay the short-term bridge loan disbursed 
under the EFSM, mitigate hindrances to economic activity by covering financing needs, make overdue 
payments and addressing financial sector needs. 
Additional funds were subject to the verification of the achievement of two sets of milestones: the first set of 
milestones was reached in October 2015 which led to a further disbursement of €2 billion, and the second set 
of milestones was achieved in December 2015 which led to a disbursement of €1 billion. 
The ESM also gave the HFSF the funds necessary to cover its investment of €5.4 billion in Greek banking 
sector recapitalisation. 
On 25 May 2016, the Eurogroup agreed on a package of debt relief measures that was phased in progressively, 
i.e., short-term, medium-term and long-term debt relief measures, as required, in order to ensure the 
sustainability of Greece’s public debt. The short-term measures were implemented after the first review of the 
Third Economic Adjustment Programme. The first review of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme was 
completed in June 2016. The conclusion of the first review of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme 
permitted the disbursement of an instalment of €10.3 billion in two sub-tranches. The first sub-tranche of €7.5 
billion was disbursed in late June 2016 after the approval by the ESM on 21 June 2016. €5.7 billion of this 
tranche was to cover debt servicing needs and €1.8 billion was to allow the clearance of an initial part of arrears 
as a means to support the real economy. The second sub-tranche of €2.8 billion was approved by the ESM on 
25 October 2016 and disbursed shortly afterwards.  
In June 2016, a supplemental memorandum of understanding was agreed, which updated certain of the policy 
conditions set out in the MoU. The MoU (as supplemented) stated that the primary surplus target for Greece for 
2016, 2017 and 2018 is 0.5 per cent., 1.75 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. of GDP, respectively. 
The ECB, acknowledging the progress made on reforms implementation with the conclusion of the first review 
of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme, reinstated the waiver for all outstanding and new marketable 
debt instruments issued or guaranteed by the Hellenic Republic. Furthermore, the conclusion of the first review 
of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme led to a positive ESM decision regarding the implementation of 
the short-term debt relief measures from January 2017 onwards. More analytically, the boards of directors of

--- Page 244 ---
244 
UK-#752978185v12 
the ESM and EFSF on 23 January 2017 adopted the rules implementing a set of short-term debt relief measures 
for Greece.  The measures were designed to reduce interest rate risk for Greece, including by exchanging some 
debt to fixed from floating rates, and to ease the country’s repayment burden.  The ESM Board of Governors 
approved the measures in a written procedure concluded on 20 January 2017. 
The second review of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme was concluded on 7 July 2017. Upon 
completion of all prior actions for the second review by Greece, the European Commission, in liaison with the 
ECB and in consultation with the ESM, prepared a positive assessment of the programme implementation. The 
Eurogroup on 15 June 2017 welcomed the fulfillment of the agreed prior actions paving the way for the 
successful completion of the second review. The Eurogroup meeting of 15 June 2017 concluded that debt 
sustainability should be attained within the framework of the debt measures envisaged by the Eurogroup in May 
2016. In this regard, the Eurogroup specified the assessment of debt sustainability with reference to the agreed 
benchmarks for gross financing needs ("GFN"): GFN should remain below 15 per cent. of GDP in the medium 
term and below 20 per cent. of GDP thereafter so as to ensure that debt remains on a sustained downward path. 
The Eurogroup also stated that it stood ready to implement a second set of debt measures to the extent needed 
to meet the aforementioned GFN objectives, in line with the Eurogroup statement of 25 May 2016. These 
included: 
• 
abolishing the step-up interest rate margin related to the debt buy-back tranche of the second Greek 
programme;  
• 
the use of the 2014 Securities Markets Programme ("SMP") profits from the ESM segregated account; 
• 
the restoration of the transfer of the equivalent of Agreement on Net Financial Assets ("ANFA") and 
SMP profits to Greece (as of budget year 2017); 
• 
liability management operations within the Third Economic Adjustment Programme taking due account 
of the exceptionally high burden of some member states; and  
• 
EFSF reprofiling within the maximum programme authorised amount. 
On 30 June 2017, the Council adopted the updated Council Implementing Decision. The new supplemental 
MoU was approved by the ESM Board of Governors and signed by Greece and the European Commission, 
acting on behalf of the ESM, on 5 July 2017. The new MoU laid down the agreement on policy conditionality 
reached between Greece and the European institutions with technical details contained in the supporting draft 
technical memorandum of understanding (the "TMU"). The MoU updated the policy conditions set out in the 
MoU of August 2015 and amended at the end of the first review in June 2016 to reflect the progress achieved 
in implementation of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme. 
The signature of the new supplemental MoU led to the authorisation, on 7 July 2017 by the ESM Board of 
Directors, of the third tranche under the Third Economic Adjustment Programme. The third tranche amounted 
to €8.5 billion of which €6.9 billion covered debt servicing needs, the remaining €1.6 billion was be used for 
arrears clearance and disbursed in two subtranches of €0.8 billion each. The second sub-tranche was disbursed 
on 30 October 2017, following an assessment of good progress in clearing arrears using the funds already made 
available as well as own resources.    
The Executive Board of the IMF on 20 July 2017 approved in principle an SDR 1.3 billion precautionary stand-
by arrangement for Greece. Financing under the arrangement was conditional on receiving specific and credible

--- Page 245 ---
245 
UK-#752978185v12 
assurances on debt relief from Greece’s European partners to restore debt sustainability and the continued 
implementation of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme. The agreement expired on 31 August 2018, 
shortly after the expiration of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme. 
The Eurogroup on 22 January 2018 welcomed the implementation of almost all of the agreed prior actions for 
the third review of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme, following the staff level agreement on the 
policy package that was reached on 2 December 2017. Based on the compliance report submitted by the 
European institutions on 2 March 2018, the working group verified that the outstanding prior actions have been 
completed. A new MoU was approved by the ESM Board of Governors and signed by Greece and the European 
Commission, acting on behalf of the ESM, on 22 March 2018. The new MoU laid down the agreement on 
policy conditionality reached between Greece and the European institutions with technical details contained in 
the supporting draft TMU. The new MoU updated the policy conditions set out in the MoU of August 2015 and 
amended at the end of the first review in June 2016 as well as at the end of the second review in July 2017 so 
as to reflect the progress achieved in implementation of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme. 
The signature of the new MoU led to the authorisation, on 27 March 2018, by the ESM Board of Directors, of 
the release of the fourth tranche under the Third Economic Adjustment Programme. The tranche amounted to 
€6.7 billion, of which €5.7 billion disbursed upon implementation of all prior actions and covered debt servicing 
needs, allowed for further clearance of arrears, and supported the build-up of cash buffers. The remaining €1 
billion used for arrears clearance and disbursed in June 2018, subject to positive reporting by the European 
institutions on the clearance of net arrears also using own resources and a confirmation from the European 
institutions that the unimpeded flow of e-auctions has continued. 
The European institutions and the Greek authorities reached staff-level agreement on the policy package to be 
implemented for the completion of the fourth and final review of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme 
on 19 May 2018. The new supplemental MoU laid down the agreement on policy conditionality. It updated the 
policy conditions set out in the MoU of August 2015 and amended at the end of the first review in June 2016, 
at the end of the second review in July 2017 and at the end of the third review in March 2018, so as to reflect 
the progress achieved in programme implementation. The European institutions submitted a compliance report 
to the 21-22 June 2018 Eurogroup on the completion of all the agreed prior actions for the fourth review of the 
Third Economic Adjustment Programme. This followed the staff level agreement on the policy package for the 
fourth review that was reached on 19 May 2018.  
The Eurogroup on 22 June 2018 welcomed the implementation of all the agreed prior actions for the fourth 
review of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme, based on the compliance report submitted by the 
European institutions. This paved the way for the disbursement of the fifth and final tranche under the Third 
Economic Adjustment Programme, which will allow Greece to build up a sizeable cash buffer covering 
financing needs until mid-2020. In total, the ESM disbursed €61.9 billion under the Third Economic Adjustment 
Programme. In addition, the Eurogroup congratulated Greece on the successful completion of the Third 
Economic Adjustment Programme and agreed on a substantial package of measures to ensure the sustainability 
of Greek debt. More analytically, the Eurogroup decided on the following elements:  
I. 
The surveillance framework that will apply after the end of the programme with Greece's commitments 
on the implementation of agreed fiscal targets and reforms.  
II. 
The size of the third and final disbursement by the ESM which totalled €15 billion. Out of this total 
amount, €5.5 billion will be used for debt servicing and €9.5 billion to build up cash buffers. Overall, 
Greece will be leaving the programme with a cash buffer of €24.1 billion covering the sovereign

--- Page 246 ---
246 
UK-#752978185v12 
financial needs for around 22 months following the end of the Third Economic Adjustment Programme 
in August 2018.  
III. 
A package of debt-relief measures the implementation of which is linked to the progress achieved by 
Greece on executing agreed reforms. These measures include the gradual transfer of ANFA and SMP 
profits to Greece based on semi-annual reviews until 2022, an EFSF re-profiling with an extension of 
the weighted average maturity by 10 years and a further deferral of EFSF interest and amortisation 
payments by 10 years.  
According to the Eurogroup’s announcement, the institutions are committed to consider further debt relief 
measures in the future, if needed. The agreed measures should ensure that gross financing needs (GFN) remain 
below 15 per cent. of GDP in the medium term and below 20 per cent. of GDP longer-term. 
Furthermore, according to Eurogroup’s announcement, completion and continuation of key reforms under the 
ESM programmes will be monitored under enhanced surveillance following the end of the Third Economic 
Adjustment Programme. 
On 11 July 2018, the Commission adopted a decision to activate the enhanced surveillance framework for 
Greece. This decision entered into force after the successful conclusion of the Third Economic Adjustment 
Programme on 21 August 2018.  
As part of the comprehensive agreement reached in the Eurogroup statement of 22 June 2018, the Greek 
authorities made a commitment (as set out in the annex to the Eurogroup statement) to continue the 
implementation of all key reforms adopted under the EAP and sustain their objectives, as well as complete 
certain key structural reforms initiated under the EAP within an agreed time frame. Enhanced surveillance is a 
post-programme framework adapted to Greece in view of the longstanding crisis and challenges faced. It 
supported the continuation, completion, and delivery of reforms agreed under the programme, in line with the 
commitments made by the Greek authorities through a close monitoring of the economic, fiscal and financial 
situation and its evolution. Monitoring has been undertaken by the Commission, in liaison with the ECB, and 
where appropriate, with the IMF. The enhanced surveillance framework for Greece expired on 20 August 2022. 
According to the European Commission (https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/eu-financial-assistance/euro-
area-countries/financial-assistance-greece_en), Greece delivered on the bulk of the policy commitments made 
to the Eurogroup upon its exit from the EAP in June 2018. Monitoring Greece’s economic, fiscal and financial 
situation continues in the context of the post-programme surveillance (“PPS”) and the European Semester 
(which is part of the European Union's economic governance framework).  The Eurogroup is an informal body 
created in 1997 whereby ministers from the euro area member states discuss matters relating to their countries' 
common responsibilities in respect of the Euro. Its main task is to ensure the close co-ordination of economic 
policies among the euro area member states. It also aims to promote conditions for stronger economic growth 
and is responsible for preparing the euro summit meetings and related follow-up activities.  
In early April 2022, Greece completed its third consecutive early debt repayment to the IMF amounting to €1.86 
billion and paid off loans due in 2024 totalling approximately €7.9 billion, thus reducing the cost of financing 
the public debt.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
UK-#752978185v12 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE 
Introduction 
The Group is subject to various financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
jurisdiction where its members operate. In addition, through the trading of its ordinary shares on the ATHEX, 
Piraeus Financial Holdings is also subject to applicable capital markets laws in Greece. 
The Bank of Greece is the central bank in Greece and an integral part of the Eurosystem and, together with the 
other national central banks of the euro area and the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), participates in the 
formulation of the single monetary policy for the euro area. The ECB is the central bank for the Euro and 
manages the Eurozone’s monetary policy. Among other tasks, the ECB, through the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (“SSM”), also has direct supervisory competence in respect of credit institutions, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies established in participating member states, and branches in 
participating member states of credit institutions established in non-participating member states that are 
significant. The national competent authorities (the “NCAs”) are responsible for directly supervising the 
entities that are less significant, without prejudice to the ECB’s power to decide in specific cases to directly 
supervise such entities where this is necessary for the consistent application of supervisory standards.  
In relation to Piraeus Financial Holdings and the Bank, pursuant to its decision dated 21 December 2020, the 
ECB has decided that: 
(a) 
Piraeus Financial Holdings and the Bank are a significant supervised group within the 
meaning of point (22) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the ECB;  
(b)  
Piraeus Financial Holdings is classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning 
of Article 6(4) of Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013; and  
(c)  
Piraeus Financial Holdings is considered to be the entity at the highest level of prudential 
consolidation within that supervised group. 
The ECB is exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of significant supervised groups, such as 
Piraeus Financial Holdings and the Bank, which includes the power to: 
• 
authorise and withdraw authorisations; 
• 
for credit institutions that wish to establish a branch or provide cross-border services in a 
country outside the Eurozone, carry out the tasks which the competent authority of the home 
member state shall have under the relevant EU law; 
• 
assess the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings; 
• 
ensure compliance with all prudential requirements and set, where necessary, higher 
prudential requirements, for example for macro-prudential reasons to protect financial 
stability under the conditions provided by EU law; 
• 
ensure compliance with the applicable governance requirements, including the fit and proper 
requirements for the persons responsible for the management of credit institutions, risk 
management processes, internal control mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices and 
effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes; 
• 
carry out supervisory reviews, including, where appropriate, in co-ordination with the EBA, 
stress tests and, on the basis of that supervisory review, impose specific additional own funds 
requirements, specific publication requirements, specific liquidity requirements and other 
measures, where specifically made available to competent authorities by relevant EU law; and 
• 
impose a wide range of supervisory measures, depending on the bank’s risk profile 
assessment.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
UK-#752978185v12 
As regards the monitoring of credit institutions, the NCAs will continue to be responsible for supervisory 
matters not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and 
branches of third country credit institutions. 
The ECB also has the right to impose pecuniary sanctions. 
Prudential supervision of financial holding companies 
Approval of financial holding companies  
In accordance with CRD V, parent financial holding companies, such as Piraeus Financial Holdings, should 
seek approval by their consolidating supervisor and, where different, the competent authority in the Member 
State where they are established.  
Pursuant to article 22A of the Banking Law (which transposed par. 9 of article 1 of CRD V into Greek Law), 
Piraeus Financial Holdings filed an application in September 2021 seeking approval from the ECB, as its 
consolidating supervisor, in accordance with the process stipulated in the Banking Law in order to act as the 
financial holding company of Piraeus Bank. The approval was granted on 18 January 2022 as the following 
conditions for the approval were fulfilled:  
• 
the internal arrangements and distribution of tasks within the group are adequate for the 
purpose of complying with the requirements imposed by the Banking Law and the CRR on a 
consolidated or sub-consolidated basis and, in particular, are effective to: (i) co-ordinate all 
the subsidiaries of Piraeus Financial Holdings including, where necessary, through an 
adequate distribution of tasks among subsidiary institutions; (ii) prevent or manage intra-
group conflicts; and (iii) enforce the group-wide policies set by Piraeus Financial Holdings 
throughout the group;  
• 
the structural organisation of the group of which Piraeus Financial Holdings is part does not 
obstruct or otherwise prevent the effective supervision of the subsidiary institutions as 
concerns the individual, consolidated and, where appropriate, sub-consolidated obligations to 
which they are subject. The assessment of that criterion shall take into account, in particular: 
(i) the position of Piraeus Financial Holdings in a multi-layered group; (ii) the shareholding 
structure; and (iii) the role of Piraeus Financial Holdings within the group; and 
• 
the criteria set out in Article 14 and the requirements laid down in Article 114 of the Banking 
Law are complied with. 
Where the ECB has established that the conditions set out above are not met or have ceased to be met, Piraeus 
Financial Holdings shall be subject to appropriate supervisory measures to ensure or restore, as the case may 
be, continuity and integrity of consolidated supervision and ensuring compliance with the requirements that 
would be laid down in the Banking Law and in the CRR on a consolidated basis. These supervisory measures 
may include:  
• 
suspending the exercise of voting rights attached to the shares of the subsidiary institutions 
held by the Piraeus Financial Holdings; 
• 
issuing injunctions or penalties against Piraeus Financial Holdings or the members of the 
management body and managers, subject to the provisions of articles 57 – 64 of Banking Law; 
• 
giving instructions or directions to Piraeus Financial Holdings to transfer to its shareholders 
the participations in its subsidiary institutions; 
• 
designating on a temporary basis another financial holding company, mixed financial holding 
company or institution within the group as responsible for ensuring compliance with the 
requirements laid down in the Banking Law and in the CRR on a consolidated basis; 
• 
restricting or prohibiting distributions or interest payments to shareholders;

--- Page 249 ---
249 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
requiring Piraeus Financial Holdings to divest from or reduce holdings in institutions or other 
financial sector entities; and 
• 
requiring Piraeus Financial Holdings to submit a plan on return, without delay, to compliance.  
The regulatory framework – prudential supervision of credit institutions 
Credit institutions operating in Greece are required, among other things, to: 
• 
calculate, observe and report liquidity ratios prescribed by the applicable provisions of the 
Banking Law, the CRR and the relevant Bank of Greece Governor’s Acts, to the extent that 
such acts are not contrary to the provisions of CRD IV; 
• 
maintain efficient internal audit, compliance and risk management systems and procedures, in 
accordance with the Bank of Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/2006, as amended and 
supplemented by subsequent decisions of the Governor of the Bank of Greece, the Bank of 
Greece Executive Committee and the Banking and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece; 
• 
submit to the Bank of Greece periodic reports and statements required under the Bank of 
Greece Governor’s Act No. 2651/2012, as amended and in force; 
• 
disclose data regarding the bank’s financial position and its risk management policy; 
• 
provide the Bank of Greece and, where relevant, the ECB with such further information as 
they may require; 
• 
in connection with certain operations or activities, notify or request the prior approval of the 
ECB acting in co-operation with the Bank of Greece or the Bank of Greece, as the case may 
be, in each case in accordance with the applicable laws of Greece and the relevant acts, 
decisions and circulars of the Bank of Greece (each as in force from time to time); and 
• 
permit the Bank of Greece and, where relevant, the ECB to conduct audits and inspect the 
books and records of the bank, in accordance with the Banking Law and certain Bank of 
Greece Governor’s Acts. 
If a credit institution breaches any law or regulation falling within the scope of the supervisory power attributed 
to the ECB or, as the case may be, the Bank of Greece, the ECB or the Bank of Greece, respectively, is 
empowered, among others, to: 
• 
require the credit institution to strengthen its arrangements, processes and strategies; 
• 
sanction misconducts; 
• 
require the credit institution to take appropriate measures (which may include prohibitions or 
restrictions on dividends, requiring a share capital increase or requiring prior approval for 
future transactions) to remedy the breach; 
• 
impose fines, in accordance with (i) Article 55A of the Articles of Association of the Bank of 
Greece and (ii) the provisions of the Banking Law; 
• 
appoint a commissioner; and 
• 
where the breach cannot be remedied, revoke the licence of the credit institution and place it 
in a state of special liquidation. 
Credit institutions established in Greece are subject to a range of reporting requirements, including the 
submission of reports relating to:

--- Page 250 ---
250 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
capital structure, qualifying holdings, persons who have a special affiliation with the 
institution and loans or other types of credit exposures that have been provided to these 
persons by the institution; 
• 
own funds and capital adequacy ratios; 
• 
capital requirements for all kinds of risks; 
• 
large exposures and concentration risk; 
• 
liquidity risk; 
• 
interbank market details; 
• 
financial statements and other financial information; 
• 
covered bonds; 
• 
internal control systems; 
• 
prevention and suppression of money laundering and terrorist financing; and 
• 
IT systems. 
Capital adequacy framework 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision issued two prudential regulation framework 
documents which contained the Basel III capital and liquidity reform package. The Basel III framework has 
been implemented in the EU through CRD IV and the CRR, which have been transposed into Greek Law 
where applicable. In June 2020, the EU Council approved Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (“CRR Quick Fix”) 
amending the CRR and CRR II to mitigate the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Implementation of the Basel III framework began on 1 January 2014, with the most recent regulatory 
requirements coming into effect in 2021 and some additional transitional provisions to be phased-in by 2024. 
Furthermore, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a review of the EU banking rules 
through a new package which finalises the implementation of Basel III and which is often referred to as Basel 
3.1 or Basel IV (for more information on this package please see “—Recent developments”). 
The major points of the capital adequacy framework include: 
Quality and quantity of capital 
The definition of regulatory capital and its components has been revised at each level. A minimum CET1 
capital ratio of 4.5 per cent., a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent. and a minimum Total Capital Ratio 
of 8 per cent. have been imposed, and there is a requirement for Additional Tier 1 Instruments to have a 
mechanism that requires them to be written down or converted on the occurrence of a trigger event. 
Capital adequacy is monitored on the basis of the consolidated situation of Piraeus Financial Holdings and is 
submitted quarterly to the ECB. 
The main objectives of the Group related to its capital adequacy management are the following: 
• 
Comply with the capital requirements regulation according to the supervisory framework. 
• 
Preserve the Group’s ability to continue unhindered its operations. 
• 
Retain a sound and stable capital base supportive of the Bank’s management business plans. 
• 
Maintain and enhance existing infrastructures, policies, procedures and methodologies for the 
adequate coverage of supervisory needs, in Greece and abroad.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Group applies the following methodologies for the calculation of Pillar 1 capital requirements: 
• 
the standardised approach for calculating credit risk; 
the standardised approach for calculating counterparty credit risk; 
• 
the standardised approach for calculating market risk; 
• 
the standardised approach for calculating credit valuation adjustment risk; and 
• 
the standardised approach for calculating operational risk. 
Under CRD IV, the ECB required institutions to meet their Pillar 2 requirement exclusively with CET1 capital. 
Nevertheless, by 28 December 2020, EU member states were required to transpose a provision under CRD V 
that allows institutions to meet parts of their Pillar 2 requirement with AT1 capital and Tier 2 capital. 
According to this provision, at least three quarters of such requirement shall be met with Tier 1 capital, of 
which at least three quarters shall be composed of CET1 capital. The competent authority will have the power 
to impose a higher share of CET1 capital to meet the Pillar 2 requirement, where necessary. Greece has 
transposed CRD V pursuant to Greek Law 4799/2021 enacted in May 2021. 
Capital buffer requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital ratios described above, banks are required under Article 121 et seq. of the 
Banking Law to comply with the combined buffer requirement consisting of the following additional capital 
buffers: 
• 
a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets; 
• 
a systemic risk buffer ranging between 1 per cent. and 5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets 
designed to prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks 
not covered by the CRR. This buffer has not been applied in Greece to date; 
• 
a countercyclical buffer ranging between 0 per cent. and 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, 
designed to fluctuate relative to a country’s economic state, aiming to safeguard capital 
adequacy in times of stress. In line with previous years, this buffer has been specified at 0 per 
cent. for Greek credit institutions 2023 and is reevaluated quarterly by the Bank of Greece 29 
June 2023. Based on the exposures of Piraeus Bank to entities located in countries with a non-
zero buffer as at H1 2023, the countercyclical buffer stood at 0.03 per cent. of risk-weighted 
assets;  
• 
an O-SII buffer which, for the Bank, ranges between 1 per cent. and 3 per cent. of risk-
weighted assets. Potentially, the Bank of Greece shall have the power to require an O-SII 
buffer higher than 3 per cent., subject to receiving approval for said requirement by the 
European Commission. For Piraeus Bank, the O-SII buffer was originally set at 0.25 per cent. 
in 2019 and reached its fully-loaded level at phased 1.0 per cent. on 1 January 2023; and 
• 
a G-SII buffer ranging between 1 per cent. and 5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets designed to 
prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks not covered 
by the CRR.  As none of the Greek banks has been classified as G-SII, consequently the G-
SII buffer has not been applied in Greece to date. 
Depletion of these buffers will trigger limitations on dividends, distributions on capital instruments and 
variable compensation. The said buffers are designed to absorb losses in stress periods. 
Article 473a of the CRR allows banks to mitigate the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on regulatory capital 
and leverage ratios during a five-year transitional period. According to Article 473a of the CRR, banks may 
add to the CET1 ratio the post-tax amount of the difference in provisions that resulted from the transition to 
IFRS 9 in relation to the provisions that have been recognised at 31 December 2018 in accordance with IAS

--- Page 252 ---
252 
UK-#752978185v12 
39. The weighting factors were set per year at 0.95 in 2018, 0.85 in 2019, 0.70 in 2020, 0.5 in 2021 and 0.25 
in 2022. Under the CRR Quick Fix transitional arrangements are extended only for the dynamic component to 
address the potential increase in ECL provisions following the COVID-19 pandemic. The reference date for 
any increase in provisions that would be subject to the extended transitional arrangements was moved from 1 
January 2018 to 1 January 2020. Amended par. 6a of article 473a of the CRR extended the transition for the 
dynamic component, allowing institutions to fully add-back to their CET1 capital any increase in new 
provisions recognised in 2020 and 2021 for their financial assets that are not credit-impaired. The amount that 
could be added back from 2022 to 2024 would decrease in a linear manner. 
The Bank has decided to avail itself of Article 473a and applies the transitional provisions in calculating capital 
adequacy on both a standalone and consolidated basis. 
Deductions from CET1 
The definition of items that should be deducted from regulatory capital has been revised. In addition, most of 
the items that were required to be deducted from regulatory capital are now deducted in whole from the CET1 
component. 
Central counterparties 
To address the systemic risk arising from the interconnectedness of credit institutions and other financial 
institutions through the derivatives markets, a 2 per cent. risk-weight factor was introduced to certain trade 
exposures to qualifying central counterparties. The capitalisation of credit institution exposures to central 
counterparties is based in part on the compliance of the central counterparty with the International Organisation 
of Securities Commissions’ standards (since non-compliant central counterparties are treated as bilateral 
exposures and do not receive the preferential capital treatment referred to above). 
Asset value correlation multiplier for large financial sector entities 
A multiplier of 1.5 per cent. is to be applied to the correlation parameter of all exposures to large financial 
sector entities meeting particular criteria that are specified in the CRR. 
Counterparty credit risk 
The counterparty credit risk management standards have been raised in a number of areas, including for the 
treatment of so-called wrong-way risk, that is, cases where the exposure increases when the credit quality of 
the counterparty deteriorates. For example, the CRR introduced a capital charge for potential mark-to-market 
losses associated with deterioration in the creditworthiness of a counterparty and the calculation of expected 
positive exposure by taking into account stressed parameters. 
Liquidity requirements 
A liquidity coverage ratio, which is an amount of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets that must be held 
by a bank to offset estimated net cash outflows over a 30-day stress scenario, has been introduced. The ratio 
requirement is 100 per cent. In addition, an NSFR, which is the amount of longer-term, stable funding that 
must be held by a bank over a one-year time frame based on liquidity risk factors assigned to assets and off-
balance sheet liquidity exposures, is envisaged. The NSFR ratio requirement is the amount of longer-term, 
stable funding that must be held by a credit institution over a one-year time frame based on liquidity risk factors 
assigned to assets and off-balance sheet liquidity exposures. 
Banking package of 2019 
In April 2019, the European Parliament endorsed a package of measures that impact both capital requirements 
and resolution powers. The package contains a number of measures, including: 
• 
a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions as well as a leverage ratio buffer for all global 
systemically important institutions;

--- Page 253 ---
253 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
a new market risk capital requirements framework (at present, calculated capital charges are 
non-binding but must be reported); 
• 
revised rules on capital requirements for counterparty credit risk and for exposures to central 
counterparties; 
• 
a revised Pillar 2 framework; 
• 
an updated macro-prudential toolkit; 
• 
targeted amendments to the credit risk framework to facilitate the disposal of NPEs; 
• 
enhanced prudential rules in relation to anti-money laundering; 
• 
a new total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC) requirement for global systemically important 
institutions; 
• 
enhanced MREL subordination rules for G-SIIs and other large banks referred to as top-tier 
banks; and 
• 
a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. 
Leverage ratio 
The financial crisis highlighted that institutions were taking on greater exposures (for example, loans, 
derivatives and guarantees) but raising only relatively limited amounts of additional capital. The new package 
introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (that is, a capital requirement independent from the riskiness 
of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all institutions subject to the CRR. 
The leverage ratio requirement complements the existing framework to calculate the leverage ratio, to report 
it to supervisors and, since January 2015, to disclose it publicly. The leverage ratio requirement is set at 3 per 
cent. of Tier 1 capital, and institutions must meet it in addition to/in parallel with their risk-based capital 
requirements. The 3 per cent. Leverage ratio requirement became binding for banks on 28 June 2021, whereas 
the leverage ratio relief measure whereby significant supervised entities (such as the Bank) were permitted to 
exclude central bank exposures from their leverage ratio expired on 31 March 2022. An additional leverage 
buffer applies to G-SIIs, but the Bank is not a G-SII.  
MREL subordination rules 
In order to ensure effective and credible application of the bail-in resolution tool to impose losses on banks’ 
creditors in the case of a banking crisis, banks are subject to an MREL, with the relevant instruments earmarked 
for bail-in in a crisis. The EU resolution framework requires banks to comply with the MREL at all times by 
holding easily “bail-inable” instruments, so as to ensure that losses are absorbed and banks are recapitaised 
once they get into a financial difficulty and are subsequently placed into resolution. 
The package tightened the rules on the subordination of MREL instruments. Beyond the existing G-SII 
category, a new category of large banks, called “top-tier banks” with a balance sheet size greater than €100 
billion, has been established in relation to which more prudent subordination requirements are formulated. 
National resolution authorities may also select banks which are neither G-SIIs nor top-tier banks and subject 
them to the top-tier bank treatment. An MREL minimum Pillar 1 subordination policy for each of these two 
categories of bank has been agreed. For other banks, the subordination requirement remains a bank-specific 
assessment based on the principle of “no creditor worse off”. 
As communicated by the SRB in the 2020 resolution planning cycle, a binding fully calibrated MREL target 
has to be met by banks by 1 January 2024.  The Bank has been granted a time extension to meet the respective 
final target until 31 December 2025 which stands at 23.75 per cent. of its total risk exposure amount plus 
combined buffers. The Bank reached its interim non-binding MREL target on 1 January 2023 as scheduled, 
which amounted to 15.16 per cent. of its total risk exposure amount plus combined buffers. On 15 May 2023,

--- Page 254 ---
254 
UK-#752978185v12 
the SRB published its updated annual MREL policy which remained vastly similar to the 2022 MREL policy 
with the only change concerning the scope of entities subject to internal MREL. 
Moratorium power for resolution authorities 
In order to avoid excessive outflows of liquidity in a bank resolution, the package proposes a moratorium 
power, which should be triggered after a bank is declared “failing or likely to fail”. The power to impose the 
moratorium also includes covered deposits and can be imposed for a maximum duration of two days, in line 
with International Swaps and Derivatives Association agreements. 
Recent developments 
On 22 December 2020, EU Regulation 2176/2020 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
November 2020, amending EU Regulation 241/2014 concerning the deduction of software assets from CET1 
capital, was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a review of the EU banking rules, namely the CRR 
and CRD IV. These new rules, which have not yet been formally adopted as the final stage of the EU legislative 
process, i.e. the inter-institutional negotiations between the Council of the EU and the European Parliament, 
began in early March 2023, are often referred to as the Basel 3.1 or Basel IV framework and will ensure that 
EU banks become more resilient to potential future economic shocks, while contributing to Europe's recovery 
from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality. More particularly, the new legislative 
proposals are not only implementing the Basel III framework but also contributing to sustainability (and the 
green transition in particular) and ensuring the sound management of the EU banks. In any case, the European 
Commission proposes to give banks and supervisors additional time to properly implement the reform in their 
processes, systems and practices, and start applying the new rules from 1 January 2025.  
The Bank of Greece, pursuant to the Act of its Executive Committee Νο. 212/21.09.2022, determined the 
capital buffer of O-SIIs (such as the Bank) for 2023 at 1.0 per cent. 
On 3 August 2023, the EBA published for the first time its report on the implementation of the European 
Resolution Examination Programme (''EREP''). The EREP is an EBA programme introduced in 2021 aimed 
at fostering convergence of resolution practices in the EU. It: (a) focuses the attention of resolution authorities, 
setting as priorities topics assessed as being of importance to the planning and execution processes and where 
traction at EU level is considered necessary; and (b) facilitates an objective assessment of progress achieved 
at the end of the year by the EBA and, through the identification of good practices, promotes convergence 
across the EU. A complete EREP cycle comprises three main stages (setting priorities, resolution authorities 
implementing and EBA monitoring, and articulating the monitoring convergence report), each of them 
performed in a different year. The annual resolution convergence report therefore includes: (a) the summary 
points of the previous year’s monitoring activity, performed through a specific survey addressed to resolution 
authorities and direct observation of closely monitored colleges focusing on how key topics put forward by 
the EREP are (i) embedded in resolution authorities priorities for each year; as well as (ii) reflected in 
resolution authorities activities throughout the year in review; and (b) setting the priorities for the following 
year. 
Equity participations of individuals or legal entities in Greek credit institutions 
Any individual or legal entity, separately or jointly, intending to acquire, directly or indirectly, a significant 
holding (i.e. a percentage that is equal or exceeds (in case of an initial acquisition) 10 per cent.) or increase a 
holding and reaches or exceeds the thresholds of 20 per cent., one third, and 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
or equity participation in, or acquire control of, a Greek credit institution, or so that the credit institution would 
become its subsidiary, must notify in writing in advance the supervisory authority of such intention, pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Banking Law and Articles 4 and 9 of the SRM Regulation (as defined herein) and go 
through an assessment review process (commonly known as “fit and proper”), pursuant to which the 
supervisory authority would confirm the fulfilment of the relevant suitability criteria. An envisaged acquisition 
of a percentage between 5 per cent. and 10 per cent. entails the obligation to inform the supervisory authority

--- Page 255 ---
255 
UK-#752978185v12 
of the contemplated acquisition so that such authority confirms within five business days whether the above 
would entail the exercise of significant influence, in which case fulfilment of the relevant assessment criteria 
is also reviewed. 
The Bank of Greece, in co-operation with the ECB, assesses the acquiror for the approval of the contemplated 
acquisition. 
The notification obligations also exist where an individual or legal entity decides to cease to hold, directly or 
indirectly, an equity participation in a Greek bank or to reduce its participation below legally defined 
thresholds. 
Recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted Directive 2014/59/EU 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (commonly 
referred to as the BRRD) which was transposed in Greece as the Greek BRRD Law. For credit institutions 
established in the Eurozone, such as the Bank, which are supervised within the framework of the SSM, 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 1093/2010 (the “SRM Regulation”) provides for a coherent application of the resolution rules across 
the Eurozone under responsibility of the SRB, which is an EU agency, with effect since 1 January 2016 (this 
framework is referred to as the “Single Resolution Mechanism”, the “SRM”). 
Within the SRM, the SRB is responsible for adopting resolution decisions in close co-operation with the ECB, 
the European Commission, the Council of the EU and national resolution authorities in the event that a 
significant credit institution and/or its parent financial holding company directly supervised by the ECB, such 
as the Bank and Piraeus Financial Holdings, respectively, is failing or likely to fail and certain other conditions 
are met. The national resolution authorities in the EU member states concerned would implement such 
resolution decision adopted by the SRB in accordance with the powers conferred on them under the national 
laws transposing the BRRD. The national resolution authority competent for Greece is the Bank of Greece. 
Notably, the BRRD was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 (BRRD, as amended, “BRRD II”). In addition, the SRM Regulation was amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the SRM 
Regulation, as amended, the “SRM Regulation II”). 
The BRRD II was transposed in Greece by virtue of Greek Law 4799/2021, while the SRM Regulation II came 
into force on 28 December 2020. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
If the Issuer and/or Piraeus Financial Holdings infringes or is likely in the near future to infringe capital or 
liquidity requirements, the ECB has the power to impose early intervention measures. These measures include 
the power to require changes to the legal or operational structure of the entity concerned, or its business 
strategy, and the power to require the managing board to convene a general meeting of shareholders of the 
entity concerned at which the ECB may set the agenda and require certain decisions to be considered for 
adoption by such general meeting. 
The SRB is responsible for preparing resolution plans for, and directly resolving, all banks and groups directly 
supervised by the ECB and other cross-border groups. In most cases, the ECB would notify the SRB, the 
European Commission and the relevant national resolution authorities that a bank and/or its parent company 
is failing. The SRB would then assess whether there is a systemic threat and any private sector solution. 
In certain circumstances, including if a bank and/or its parent company reaches a point of non-viability or 
where certain forms of extraordinary public financial support are required, the SRB in close co-operation with

--- Page 256 ---
256 
UK-#752978185v12 
the relevant national resolution authority may take pre-resolution measures, including the write-down and 
cancellation of shares and the conversion of capital instruments and eligible liabilities into shares. If a bank 
and/or its parent company meets the conditions for resolution, the SRB may apply the relevant resolution tools 
and exercise the relevant resolution powers in line with the resolution plan prepared by the SRB. See “—
Recovery and resolution powers”. This process is known as “Public Interest Assessment”, which is one of the 
key policies underpinning the work of the SRB. It examines whether the resolution of a particular bank which 
is failing, or likely to fail, would be necessary to ensure, for example, one or more of the following objectives: 
maintaining financial stability, protecting covered depositors and safeguarding public funds by minimising 
reliance on extraordinary public financial support. If such process is not deemed necessary, national insolvency 
procedures would apply. 
The European Commission is responsible for assessing the discretionary aspects of the SRB’s decision and 
endorsing or objecting to the resolution scheme. The European Commission’s decision is subject to approval 
or objection by the Council of the EU only when the amount of resources drawn from the Single Resolution 
Fund (the “SRF”) is modified or if there is no public interest in resolving the entity concerned. If the Council 
of the EU or the European Commission objects to the resolution scheme, the SRB must amend it. The 
resolution scheme, once approved, is implemented by the national resolution authorities. If the resolution 
scheme entails state aid, the European Commission must approve the aid before the SRB can adopt the 
resolution scheme. 
The SRB also determines the MREL targets that must be complied with at all times; see “—Resolution tools”. 
All the banks in the participating member states contribute to the SRF. The SRF was established for the purpose 
of ensuring the efficient application of the resolution tools and exercise of the resolution powers by the 
resolution authorities. The SRF consists of contributions from credit institutions and certain investment firms 
in the participating member states of the SRM. The SRF has a target funding level of €55 billion or at least 1 
per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions within the Banking Union (expected to be 
reached by 31 December 2023). The SRF is owned and administered by the SRB. 
Recovery and resolution powers 
The resolution powers are divided into three categories: 
• 
Preparation and prevention: Banks and/or their parent companies are required to prepare 
recovery plans while the Relevant Resolution Authority (in the case of Piraeus Financial 
Holdings and the Bank, the SRB) prepares a resolution plan for each entity concerned at a 
stand-alone or consolidated level, as applicable. The resolution authorities have supervisory 
powers to address or remove impediments to resolvability. Financial groups may also enter 
into intra-group support agreements to limit the development of a crisis; 
• 
Early intervention: The competent authority (which, in the case of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
and the Bank and for this purpose is the ECB) may arrest a deteriorating situation of the entity 
concerned at an early stage so as to avoid insolvency. Its powers in this respect include 
requiring the entity concerned to implement its recovery plan, replacing existing management, 
drawing up a plan for the restructuring of debt with its creditors, changing its business strategy 
and changing its legal or operational structures. If these tools are insufficient, new senior 
management or a new management body may be appointed subject to the approval of the 
resolution authority which is also entitled to appoint one or more temporary administrators; 
and 
• 
Resolution: This involves reorganising or winding down the entity or entities concerned in an 
orderly fashion outside special liquidation proceedings while preserving its or their critical 
functions and limiting to the maximum extent possible taxpayer losses.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
UK-#752978185v12 
Conditions for resolution 
The conditions that have to be met before the resolution authority takes a resolution action are: 
• 
the competent authority, after consulting with the resolution authority, determines that the 
entity concerned is failing or likely to fail. An entity will be deemed to be failing or likely to 
fail in one or more of the following circumstances: 
(i) it infringes or is likely to infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in a way 
that would justify the withdrawal of its authorisation, for example by incurring losses that 
will deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds; 
(ii) its assets are, or there is objective evidence that its assets will in the near future be, less 
than its liabilities; 
(iii) it is, or there is objective evidence that it will in the near future be, unable to pay its debts 
or other liabilities as they fall due; or 
(iv) extraordinary public financial support is required, unless the support takes one of the 
forms specified in the BRRD; 
• 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the write-
down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities, would prevent the 
failure of the entity concerned within a reasonable time frame; and 
• 
a resolution action is in the public interest, that is, it is necessary for the achievement of, and is 
proportionate to, one or more of the resolution objectives set out in the Greek BRRD Law and the 
winding up of the entity concerned under normal special liquidation proceedings would not meet 
those resolution objectives to the same extent. 
Resolution tools 
When the trigger conditions for resolution are satisfied, the Relevant Resolution Authority may apply any or 
all of the following tools: 
• 
the sale of business tool, which enables the resolution authority to transfer ownership of, or 
all or any assets, rights or liabilities of, the entity concerned to a purchaser (that is not a bridge 
institution) on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or, save as 
required by the Greek BRRD Law, complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply; 
• 
the bridge institution tool, which enables the resolution authority to transfer ownership of, or 
all or any assets, rights or liabilities of, the entity concerned to a publicly controlled entity 
known as a bridge institution without requiring the consent of the shareholders. The operations 
of the bridge institution are temporary, the aim being to sell the business to the private sector 
when market conditions are appropriate; 
• 
the asset separation tool, which enables the resolution authority to transfer some or all of the 
assets, rights and liabilities of the entity concerned, without obtaining the consent of 
shareholders, to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed and worked out 
over time. This tool may only be used when: (i) the market situation for the assets concerned 
is such that their liquidation under normal special liquidation proceedings could have an 
adverse effect on one or more financial markets; or (ii) the transfer is necessary to ensure the 
proper functioning of the entity concerned under resolution or the bridge institution; or (iii) 
the transfer is necessary to maximise liquidation proceeds. This tool may be used only in 
conjunction with other tools to prevent an undue competitive advantage for the failing entity; 
and

--- Page 258 ---
258 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
the bail-in tool, which gives the resolution authority the power to write-down eligible 
liabilities of the entity concerned and/or to convert such claims to equity. The resolution 
authority may use this tool only (i) to recapitalise the entity concerned to the extent sufficient 
to restore its ability to comply with the conditions for its authorisation, to continue to carry 
out the activities for which it is authorised and to restore it to financial soundness and long-
term viability or (ii) to convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of obligations or debt 
instruments that are transferred to a bridge institution (with a view to providing capital to the 
bridge institution) or that are transferred under the sale of business tool or the asset separation 
tool.  
When using the bail-in tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority must write-down or convert obligations of an 
entity under resolution in the following order: 
(a) CET1; 
(b) Additional Tier 1 Instruments; 
(c) Tier 2 instruments; 
(d) other subordinated debt, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings; and 
(e) other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings. 
A number of liabilities are excluded from the bail-in tool, including covered deposits and secured liabilities, 
including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which 
form an integral part of the cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to 
covered bonds. All secured assets relating to a covered bond cover pool should remain unaffected, segregated 
and with enough funding. However, neither this requirement nor the exclusion of the secured liabilities 
(including covered bonds) shall prevent the resolution authority, where appropriate, from exercising those 
powers in relation to any part of a secured liability that exceeds the value of the security. 
For the purposes of the bail-in tool, the designated resolution entities are required to maintain at all times a 
sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities at a stand-alone and/or consolidated level, the 
aim of which is to ensure that they have sufficient loss-absorbing capacity. 
The ranking of liabilities in the case of special liquidation proceedings against a credit institution are provided 
for by Article 145A of the Greek Law 4261/2014, as in force. 
The preferentially ranked claims are: 
(a) claims deriving from the provision of employment services and legal fees of lawyers who 
provide their services under a fixed periodic remuneration relationship to the extent that the 
claims arose during the two years prior to the declaration of bankruptcy; severance pay claims 
due to termination of employment and claims of attorneys for legal fees due to termination of 
their mandate, irrespective of the time when they arose; and claims of the Greek state for value 
added tax and other taxes aggregated with any surcharges and interest accrued, and claims of 
social security organisations; 
(b) Greek state claims arising in the case of a recapitalisation by the Greek state of institutions 
pursuant to the BRRD’s extraordinary capital support provisions; 
(c) claims deriving from guaranteed deposits or claims of the Hellenic Deposit and Investment 
Guarantee Fund (the “HDIGF”) in respect of depositors’ rights and obligations which have 
been compensated by the HDIGF, and for the amount of such compensation;

--- Page 259 ---
259 
UK-#752978185v12 
(d) any type of Greek state claim aggregated with any surcharges and interest charged on these 
claims; 
(e) the following claims on a pro rata basis: 
(i) 
claims of the SRF, to the extent it has provided financing to the institution; and 
(ii) 
claims in respect of eligible deposits to the extent that they exceed the coverage 
threshold for deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises; 
(f) claims deriving from investment services covered by the HDIGF or claims of the HDIGF in 
respect of the rights and obligations of investors which have been compensated by the HDIGF, 
and for the amount of such compensation; 
(g) claims deriving from eligible deposits to the extent that they exceed the coverage limit and do 
not fall under (e) above; 
(h) claims deriving from deposits exempted from compensation, excluding claims deriving from 
transactions of investors for which a final court decision has been issued for a penal violation 
of anti-money laundering rules; and 
(i) without prejudice to claims under (j) and (k) below, other claims that do not fall within the 
above listed points and are not subordinated claims as per the relevant agreement governing 
them, including, but not limited to, liabilities under loan agreements and other credit 
agreements, from agreements for the supply of goods or for the provision of services or from 
derivatives, from debt instruments issued by the credit institution, from guarantees provided 
by the credit institution in favour of debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries, regardless of 
whether such subsidiaries are based in Greece or elsewhere, as well as liabilities of such 
subsidiaries when such liabilities derive from a loan agreement or deposit with the credit 
institution by virtue of which the proceeds of the issue of the debt instruments by the 
subsidiaries are borrowed or deposited to the credit institution. In case of such deposit by the 
subsidiary to the credit institution, this applies to the extent that the deposit is not covered by 
(c) above; 
(j) claims stemming from debt instruments issued by the credit institution which fulfil the 
following conditions:  
(aa)  
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year;  
(bb)  
they do not embed any derivatives and they are not derivatives themselves. Debt 
instruments with variable interest derived from a broadly used reference rate and debt 
instruments not denominated in the domestic currency of the Issuer, provided that 
principal, repayment and interest are denominated in the same currency, shall not be 
considered to be debt instruments containing embedded derivatives solely because of 
those features; and 
(cc)  
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related 
to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this article. This is also 
where claims from guarantees with the characteristics stipulated in (aa) and (bb) above 
and provided by the credit institution in favour of debt instruments issued by its 
subsidiaries and which are ranked, regardless of whether such subsidiaries are based 
in Greece or elsewhere, as well as liabilities of such subsidiaries where such liabilities 
derive from a loan agreement or deposit with the credit institution by virtue of which 
the proceeds of the issue of the debt instruments by the subsidiaries are borrowed or 
deposited to the credit institution. In case of such deposit by the subsidiary to the

--- Page 260 ---
260 
UK-#752978185v12 
credit institution, this applies to the extent that the deposit is not covered by (c) above; 
and  
(k) claims deriving from subordinated debt instruments, Tier 2 instruments, hybrid instruments, 
additional Tier 1 instruments, preferred shares, ordinary shares or capital equity Tier 1 
instruments issued by the credit institution. This is also where claims deriving from guarantees 
provided by credit institutions in favour of their subsidiaries in relation to subordinated debt 
instruments or Tier 2 instruments or hybrid instruments or any other of the aforementioned 
categories of instruments issued by such subsidiaries are ranked, regardless of whether such 
subsidiaries are based in Greece or elsewhere, where such liabilities derive from a loan 
agreement or deposit with the credit institution by virtue of which the proceeds of the issue of 
the subordinated debt instruments or Tier 2 instruments or hybrid instruments or any other of 
the aforementioned categories of instruments is borrowed or deposited to the credit institution. 
In case of such deposit by the subsidiary to the credit institution this applies to the extent that 
the deposit is not covered by (c) above. 
An additional tool, i.e. a moratorium tool, has recently been endorsed by the European Parliament.  
Extraordinary public financial support 
In an exceptional systemic crisis, extraordinary public financial support may be provided through the public 
financial stabilisation tools listed below as a last resort and only after having assessed and utilised, to the 
maximum extent, the other resolution tools, in order to avoid, through direct intervention, the winding-up of 
the relevant bank or other entity concerned and to enable the resolution purposes to be accomplished. The use 
of extraordinary public financial support requires a decision of the Minister of Finance following a 
recommendation from the Systemic Stability Board (Greek Ministry of Finance) and consultation with the 
relevant resolution authorities. 
The public financial stabilisation tools are: 
• 
public capital support provided by the Ministry of Finance or, in respect of credit institutions, 
by the HFSF following a decision by the Minister of Finance; and 
• 
temporary public ownership of the entity concerned by the Greek state or a company which is 
wholly owned and controlled by the Greek state. 
All of the following conditions must be met for the public financial stabilisation tools to be implemented: 
• 
the entity concerned meets the conditions for resolution; 
• 
the shareholders, owners of other instruments of ownership, holders of relevant capital 
instruments and the holders of eligible liabilities have contributed, through conversion, write-
down or by any other means, to the absorption of losses and the recapitalisation by an amount 
equal to at least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities, including own funds, of the entity concerned, 
calculated at the time of the resolution action; and 
• 
prior and final approval by the European Commission regarding the EU state aid framework 
for the use of the chosen tool has been granted. 
In addition to the above, for the provision of public financial support, one of the following conditions must 
also be met: 
• 
the application of the resolution tools would not be sufficient to avoid a significant adverse 
effect on financial stability; 
• 
the application of the resolution tools would not be sufficient to protect the public interest, 
where extraordinary liquidity assistance from the central bank has previously been given to 
the entity concerned; and/or

--- Page 261 ---
261 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
in respect of the temporary public ownership tool, the application of the resolution tools would 
not be sufficient to protect the public interest, where capital support through the public capital 
support tool has previously been given to the entity concerned. 
By way of exception, extraordinary public financial support may be granted to the entity concerned in the form 
of an injection of own funds or the purchase of capital instruments without the implementation of resolution 
measures, if all of the following conditions, to the extent relevant, are satisfied: 
• 
in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of an EU member state and preserve 
financial stability; 
• 
in relation to a solvent entity in order to address a capital shortfall identified in a stress test, 
assets quality review or equivalent exercise; 
• 
at prices and on terms that do not confer an advantage upon the entity concerned; 
• 
on a precautionary and temporary basis; 
• 
subject to final approval of the European Commission; 
• 
not to be used to offset losses that the entity concerned has incurred or is likely to incur in the 
near future; 
• 
the entity concerned has not infringed, and there is no objective evidence that it will in the 
near future infringe, its authorisation requirements in a way that would justify the withdrawal 
of its authorisation; 
• 
the assets of the entity concerned are not, and there is no objective evidence that its assets will 
in the near future be, less than its liabilities; 
• 
the entity concerned is not, and there is no objective evidence that it will be, unable to pay its 
debts or other liabilities when they fall due; and 
• 
the circumstances for the exercise of the write-down or conversion powers in respect of 
Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments of the entity concerned do not apply. 
Resolution authority’s powers 
The resolution authority has a broad range of powers when applying resolution measures and tools. When 
applying the resolution tools and exercising its resolution powers, the resolution authority must have regard to 
the following objectives: 
• 
ensuring the continuity of critical functions; 
• 
avoiding significant adverse effects on financial stability, including by preventing contagion, 
and maintaining market discipline; 
• 
protecting public funds by minimising reliance on extraordinary public financial support; 
• 
avoiding unnecessary deterioration of value and seeking to minimise the cost of resolution; 
• 
protecting depositors and investors covered by deposit guarantee schemes and investor 
compensation schemes, respectively; and 
• 
protecting client funds and client assets, 
as well as the following principles: 
• 
the shareholders of the entity concerned under resolution bear losses first;

--- Page 262 ---
262 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
the creditors of the entity concerned under resolution bear losses after the shareholders in 
accordance with the order of priority of their claims under normal special liquidation 
proceedings; 
• 
senior management or the management body of the entity concerned under resolution is 
replaced unless it is deemed that retaining management is necessary for resolution purposes; 
• 
senior management or the management body of the entity concerned under resolution shall 
provide all necessary assistance for the achievement of the resolution objectives; 
• 
natural and legal persons remain liable, under applicable law, for the failure of the entity 
concerned; 
• 
except where specifically provided in the Greek BRRD Law, creditors of the same class are 
treated in an equitable manner; 
• 
no creditor incurs greater losses than would be incurred if the entity concerned would have 
been wound up under normal special liquidation proceedings; 
• 
covered deposits are fully protected; and 
• 
resolution action is taken in accordance with the applicable safeguards provided in the Greek 
BRRD Law. 
Article 33a of the Greek BRRD Law provides for the power of the competent resolution authority (which, in 
the case of Piraeus Financial Holdings and the Bank is the SRB) to suspend payment or delivery of certain 
obligations for a maximum duration of two days if an entity is declared “failing or likely to fail” and subject 
to certain conditions. In the context of this provision, the resolution authority is also empowered to potentially 
restrict secured creditors from enforcing security interests and suspend termination rights for the same 
duration. 
Moreover, under Article 24a of the Greek BRRD Law, the competent resolution authority (which, in the case 
of Piraeus Financial Holdings and the Bank is the SRB) has the power to impose a MREL-specific prohibition 
on distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount (“M-MDA”), where there are insufficient 
resources to meet the applicable combined buffer requirement, in addition to the applicable MREL 
requirements, through: (a) distribution in connection with Common Equity Tier 1 capital; (b) payment of 
variable remuneration or discretionary pension benefits, or variable remuneration if the obligation to pay was 
created at a time when the entity failed to meet the combined buffer requirement; or (c) coupon payments to 
holders of AT1 instruments. 
The HFSF 
The HFSF was established in 2010 pursuant to the HFSF Law as a private law entity, having initially as a 
purpose the contribution to the maintenance of the stability of the Greek banking system for the sake of public 
interest. More recently, the purpose of the HFSF has been broadened to include the efficient disposal of shares 
or other financial instruments issued by credit institutions (such as the Bank) and held by the HFSF, on the 
basis of a definite and comprehensive strategic divestment within a specific time frame that may not, in 
principle, exceed the scheduled duration of the HFSF. The HFSF is regulated by and acts in line with the HFSF 
Law as amended and currently in force and the relevant commitments under the memorandum of 
understanding of 15 March 2012, a draft of which was ratified by Greek Law 4046/2012, as amended from 
time to time and the memorandum of understanding of 19 August 2015, a draft of which was ratified by Greek 
Law 4336/2015, as amended from time to time. The HFSF shall comply with, and is authorised to take any 
actions to comply with and to give full effect to its obligations under, or arising out of or in connection with 
the Master Financial Facility Agreement of 15 March 2012, a draft of which was ratified by Greek Law 
4060/2012, as in force, and under the Financial Assistance Facility Agreement of 19 August 2015, a draft of 
which was ratified by Greek Law 4336/2015, as in force, respectively. The HFSF operates on the basis of a

--- Page 263 ---
263 
UK-#752978185v12 
comprehensive strategy with regards to the financial sector, which constitutes the subject matter of an 
agreement between the Ministry of Finance, the Bank of Greece and the HFSF, as amended from time to time. 
By virtue of the latest amendment of the HFSF Law, the duration of the HFSF shall be until 31 December 
2025. 
In pursuing its objective, the HFSF shall: (i) provide capital support to credit institutions, pursuant to the HFSF 
Law, as amended and in force, and in adherence to the EU regulation regarding state aid; (ii) monitor and 
assess how credit institutions to which the HFSF provides capital support comply with their restructuring plans, 
whilst ensuring that such credit institutions operate on an autonomous market basis and in such a manner that 
ensures in a transparent way private investor participation in their capital; (iii) exercise its shareholding rights 
deriving from its participation in the credit institutions; (iv) dispose in whole or partially financial instruments 
issued by the credit institutions in which it participates; (v) provide loans to the HDIGF for resolution purposes; 
(vi) enter into a relationship framework agreement or amend the existing relationship framework agreement 
with all credit institutions that are or have been beneficiaries of financial assistance by the EFSF and the ESM, 
in order to ensure the implementation of its objectives and rights, as long as the HFSF holds shares or other 
capital instruments in such financial institutions or monitors the restructuring plan of such credit institutions; 
(vii) exercise its shareholding rights deriving from the transfer to it of the common shares or co-operative 
shares in credit institutions, according to the last subparagraph of paragraph 6 of Article 27A of Greek Law 
4172/2013, as these rights are defined in the HFSF Law and in the relationship framework agreements of the 
previous subparagraph (vi), in compliance with the rules of prudent management of the assets of the HFSF 
and in line with the EU state aid rules; (viii) exercise the voting rights deriving from the participation of 
governmental entities in the share capital of credit institutions, which is assigned to it either by virtue of 
legislative or regulatory provisions, or by virtue of decisions of the competent each time administrative bodies 
of each of the said entities, according to the HFSF Law and special agreements entered into with the above 
entities for this purpose; (ix) exercise its rights deriving from the HFSF Law in an absorbing or demerged 
entity which emerged pursuant to a corporate transformation under Greek Law 4601/2019 of a credit institution 
to which the HFSF has provided capital support in which entity it participates as a result of such corporate 
transformation; and (x) exercise the special rights of Article 10 of the HFSF Law and those stemming from 
the relationship framework agreement in the beneficiary credit institution which emerged further to the transfer 
of the banking segment, via partial demerger or spin off, in the context of a corporate transformation pursuant 
to Greek Law 4601/2019 of the credit institution that has received capital support from the HFSF. 
The HFSF’s participation in the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme following the 2013 Share Capital 
Increase was 81 per cent. In April 2014 the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme undertook a second offer 
of shares amounting to €1.75 billion, which was fully covered by private investors from both the Greek and 
the international markets. This resulted in a decrease in the HFSF’s participation to 67 per cent. Following the 
2015 Share Capital Increase, the HFSF’s stake in the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme was further 
decreased to 26.4 per cent., while, following the conversion of the Contingent Convertible Bonds on 4 January 
2021, the HFSF held 61.34 per cent. in Piraeus Financial Holdings. Finally, following the completion of 
Piraeus Financial Holdings’ Share Capital Increase in 2021, the HFSF currently holds 27 per cent. of the voting 
rights in Piraeus Financial Holdings, 0.04 per cent. of which are restricted.  
Administrative structure of the HFSF 
The HFSF Law, as in force following consecutive amendments, contains detailed provisions regarding the 
modus operandi, administrative structure and competencies of the HFSF. The HFSF currently has one 
administrative body with decision-making functions, namely its Board of Directors, which consists of nine 
members, six of whom are non-executive directors whereas the remaining three members are executive 
directors. Four of the non-executive directors, including the Chair of the Board of Directors, shall be elected 
among persons with international experience in the banking sector and are classified as independent non-
executive directors, while one of the remaining two non-executive directors is nominated by the Ministry of 
Finance and the other is a representative from the Bank of Greece.  As far as executive directors are concerned, 
they consist of (i) the Chief Executive Officer, who is selected among persons with international experience 
in the banking sector, (ii) an executive director jointly proposed by the Bank of Greece and the Ministry of

--- Page 264 ---
264 
UK-#752978185v12 
Finance and (iii) a person with international experience in the banking sector. Moreover, the members of the 
Board of Directors shall be selected, following a public invitation of interest, by a selection panel which has 
been established pursuant to a decision of the Ministry of Finance. The members of the Board of Directors 
shall be appointed by a decision of the Minister of Finance. Their term of office is for three years and may be 
renewed but cannot exceed the term of the HFSF. With the exception of the representative of the Ministry of 
Finance and the nominee from the Bank of Greece, all appointments, including renewal of appointments, as 
well as the remuneration of the appointees shall require the prior agreement of the EuroWorking Group. 
Supply of capital support by the HFSF 
With regards to the supply of capital support, a credit institution experiencing a capital shortfall, as such 
shortfall has been determined by the competent authority, which is defined in paragraph 1(5) of Article 2 of 
the Greek BRRD Law, may submit a request for capital support to the HFSF, up to the amount of the 
determined capital shortfall, accompanied by a letter of the competent authority determining; (i) the capital 
shortfall; (ii) the date by which the credit institution needs to meet the said shortfall; and (iii) the capital raising 
plan submitted to the competent authority. 
For credit institutions with an existing restructuring plan approved by the European Commission at the time 
of such request, said request shall be accompanied by a draft amended restructuring plan. The draft 
restructuring plan (for credit institutions without an existing approved restructuring plan), or the draft amended 
restructuring plan, shall describe by what means the credit institution shall return to sufficient profitability in 
the next three to five years, under prudent assumptions. The HFSF shall monitor and evaluate the proper 
implementation of the restructuring plan and any amended restructuring plan, as the case may be. The HFSF 
may request amendments and addendums to the above-mentioned restructuring plan. 
Any restructuring plan approved by the HFSF shall comply with EU rules on state aid and shall be approved 
by a decision of the European Commission. Additionally, it shall ensure the credit institution’s restoration of 
adequate profitability, the burden-sharing to its shareholders and limit any distortion of competition. The HFSF 
monitors and evaluates the implementation of such approved restructuring plans. 
The HFSF may grant a credit institution a letter of commitment that it will participate in the recapitalisation 
of such credit institution, subject to and in accordance with the procedure laid down in the HFSF Law (Articles 
6A and 7), as in force, and up to the amount of capital shortfall identified by the competent authority, provided 
that the credit institution falls within the exception of Article 32, paragraph 3, item d(cc) of the Greek BRRD 
Law, as in force (in other words, the credit institution is not deemed by the SSM to be failing or likely to fail 
and such capital support will constitute precautionary recapitalisation). The HFSF grants said letter without 
the procedure stipulated under Article 6A regarding the compulsory application of the burden-sharing process. 
The above-mentioned commitment does not apply if for any reason the licence of the credit institution is 
revoked, or any of the resolution measures provided for in the Greek BRRD Law is undertaken. The HFSF 
provides capital support for the sole purpose of covering the capital shortfall of the credit institution, as 
determined by the competent authority and up to the amount remaining uncovered, as long as such support is 
preceded by the application of the measures of the capital raising plan (referred to in Article 6 of the HFSF 
Law, as in force), any participation of private sector investors, the European Commission’s approval of the 
restructuring plan and either: 
(a) 
any mandatory burden-sharing measures (of Article 6A of the HFSF Law as in force), where 
the European Commission confirms as part of the approval of the restructuring plan that the 
credit institution falls within the exception of item d(cc) of Article 32 (3) of the Greek BRRD 
Law (the credit institution is not failing nor likely to fail and the capital support is provided in 
the context of precautionary recapitalisation); or 
(b) 
where the credit institution has been placed under resolution, and measures have been taken 
pursuant to the Greek BRRD Law.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
UK-#752978185v12 
The relationship framework agreement has to be duly signed before any capital support is provided. Capital 
support shall be provided through the participation of the HFSF in the share capital increase of the credit 
institution through the issuance of ordinary shares with voting rights or the issuance of contingent convertible 
bonds or other convertible instruments which shall be subscribed by the HFSF. The breakdown of the above 
participation of the HFSF between ordinary shares and contingent convertible bonds or other convertible 
instruments is defined by Cabinet Act No. 36, dated 2 November 2015. 
The HFSF may exercise, dispose or waive its pre-emption rights with respect to share capital increases or 
issues of contingent convertible bonds or other convertible instruments of credit institutions that submit a 
request for capital support. Without prejudice to the applicable provisions of Greek Law 4548/2018, the 
subscription price for the shares is the market price derived from a book building process carried out by each 
credit institution. By decision of its Board of Directors, the HFSF shall accept this price, provided that the 
HFSF has commissioned and obtained an opinion from its special divestment adviser (as set out in Article 8 
of the HFSF Law) opining that the book building process complies with international best practice applicable 
in the particular circumstances. The offering price of the new shares to the private sector shall not be lower 
than the subscription price of those shares subscribed by the HFSF in the context of the same issuance. The 
offering price may be lower than the price of the shares already subscribed for by the HFSF or than the current 
stock market price. The condition above need not be met where the HFSF is called upon to cover the remaining 
amount not covered by private participation in share capital increases of credit institutions pursuant to 
measures of public financial stability or when such institutions are not subject to a restructuring plan already 
approved by the European Commission at the time a request for capital support from the HFSF is made. 
On 11 January, 2023, the HFSF announced the completion of the updating process for its divestment strategy, 
which was prepared pursuant to Article 8 of the HFSF Law and approved by the Ministry of Finance (the 
“Divestment Strategy”). The key principles of the Divestment Strategy are:  
1.  “Clarity of purpose”, pursuant to which the HFSF will adhere to a clear and 
concise strategy that defines general parameters for individual transactions; 
 
2.  “Transparency about Divestment Strategy”, pursuant to which the HFSF will 
communicate clearly its strategic objectives and approach to all stakeholders; 
 
3.  “High standards”, pursuant to which the HFSF will adhere to best practices and 
remain fully compliant with the prevailing legal and regulatory framework; and 
 
4.  “Transparent and competitive transaction process”, pursuant to which the HFSF 
will follow an open process in all its divestments and treat all bona fide investors 
in a transparent and non‐discriminatory manner. According to this principle, the 
HFSF will not implement any bilaterally negotiated transaction without a 
competitive process, the timing of which will be decided at the beginning of each 
transaction in light of the then relevant factors. According to the HFSF, the 
Divestment Strategy promotes competition and transparent actions and takes into 
account international best practice in terms of both sales to the market (“Capital 
5. Markets Sales”) or to a specific investor / group of investors (“Private Sales”). 
More particularly, under the Divestment Strategy: 
 
A.  Ιn a Capital Markets Sale scenario, the shares would be sold directly in the 
open equity market through transactions that target a broad distribution to 
predominantly institutional investors, with pricing typically set via either: (i) 
a bookbuilding process that incorporates some degree of competitive bidding 
or (ii) via the day‐to‐day stock market pricing mechanism. The Divestment 
Strategy includes three Capital Markets Sale structures at the initiative of the 
HFSF (Accelerated Bookbuild, Fully Marketed Offering and trading

--- Page 266 ---
266 
UK-#752978185v12 
plan/dribble out) and one at the initiative of the relevant bank (share buyback). 
The HFSF may use a combination of the above structures if advantageous 
under the prevailing circumstances; and 
 
B. In a Private Sale scenario, a large block (5 per cent. stake or more or the full  
stake if HFSF 
holds less than 5 per cent.) would be sold via private placement or public 
takeover to investor(s) seeking to acquire a significant stake in the relevant 
bank. 
 
Regarding the investor selection process, this will depend on the sale method to be determined ineach case and 
will be based on a transparent, non‐discriminatory and competitive process. 
 
According to the Divestment Strategy, the HFSF would favour strategic investors for significant 
blocks of its shares, such as internationally recognised financial institutions, long‐term investors 
and other financial institutions as well as other investors from outside the banking sector with 
significant expertise that is deemed to strengthen the Greek banking sector’s capacity to respond to the 
environmental and technological challenges of the modern era. 
 
Ordinary share capital increases 
In relation to share capital increases made in the ordinary course by either (i) credit institutions that have 
previously received capital support by the HFSF pursuant to the HFSF Law; or (ii) the parent company of such 
a credit institution that has ensued following a corporate restructuring of such credit institution, the HFSF is 
entitled to: 
• 
exercise, in part or in whole, its pre-emptive rights on a pro rata basis;  
• 
subscribe, up to its existing participation, in the offering of shares or other ownership 
instruments (as those are defined in Article 2, paragraph 2 (107) of Greek Law 4335/2015), 
issuable pursuant to share capital increases (including share capital increases with a restriction 
or abolition of pre-emptive rights);  
• 
participate up to its existing participation in the issuance of new shares or other ownership 
instruments issued by the parent company of the credit institution or of the credit institution 
which continues the banking activities of the group as appropriate; or 
• 
participate in one or more allocations of unsubscribed shares or other ownership instruments 
issued pursuant to share capital increases or issuances of other ownership instruments, if 
applicable.  
The participation of the HFSF in the above-mentioned share capital increases, which may be carried out by 
credit institutions or in case of corporate transformation or group restructuring by the holding entities and/or 
the credit institutions which shall carry on the banking operations of the group, within the framework of Greek 
Law 4548/2018, is permitted under the condition that these share capital increases: (i) do not constitute capital 
support within the meaning of Articles 6, 6a, 6b and 7 of the HFSF Law; and (ii) are alongside private 
participation of real economic significance and such private investors participate under the same terms and 
conditions and, therefore, with the same level of risk and rewards (“pari passu” transaction). 
In any case, pursuant to a decision of its Board of Directors, the HFSF is entitled to veto share capital increases 
made with no pre-emption or with restricted pre-emption rights of the shareholders of the entity concerned. If 
such veto is exercised and the entity concerned subsequently approves a share capital increase with pre-
emption rights, the HFSF has no obligation to participate in such capital increase. In addition: (i) any such 
participation by the HFSF would be made pursuant to a decision of its Board of Directors on the basis of a

--- Page 267 ---
267 
UK-#752978185v12 
favourable report by two independent financial advisers; (ii) the subscription and payment for shares or other 
ownership instruments by the HFSF would be made at a price not higher than that payable by and on terms 
not less favourable than those offered to the other shareholders of the issuer concerned, without prejudice to 
the existing rights of the HFSF deriving from its relationship framework agreements; (iii) the HFSF would 
fund its subscription and payment for the new shares or other ownership instruments by exclusively using its 
own funds held by the HFSF or from reinvestment resulting from a previous asset disposal of the HFSF; and 
(iv) the new shares or other ownership instruments the HFSF acquires confer to the HFSF full shareholder or 
ownership rights, including voting rights, but not the special rights described in Article 10 of the HFSF Law 
and discussed below under “—Special rights of the HFSF”. 
Any partial disposal of shares or other ownership instruments acquired by the HFSF in accordance with the 
above will be made on the basis of the principle “last in, first out”, to ensure that the special rights of the HFSF 
set out in Article 10 of the HFSF Law will be preserved for so long as it holds a participation in the entity 
concerned. In the event of resolution of the credit institution, the HFSF claims with respect to shares or other 
ownership instruments are not ranked preferentially to claims of other shareholders.  
Implementation of public financial stability measures 
Following the decision of the Minister of Finance, pursuant to Article 56, paragraph 4 and Article 2 of the 
Greek BRRD Law, on the implementation of the measure of public capital support, the HFSF shall be 
designated as the vehicle for applying Article 57 of the Greek BRRD Law. In this case the HFSF participates 
in the recapitalisation of the credit institution and receives in return the instruments set forth in Article 57, 
paragraph 1 of the Greek BRRD Law. The HFSF participates in the capital increase and receives in return 
capital instruments after the application of any measures adopted in accordance with Article 2 of the Greek 
BRRD Law. 
Voting rights of the HFSF 
According to the HFSF Law, the HFSF shall fully exercise the voting rights attached to the shares it acquired 
by any means, including those issued as a result of its provision of capital support.  
Special rights of the HFSF 
The HFSF is represented by one member on the credit institution’s Board of Directors. The HFSF’s 
representative on the Board of Directors shall have the following rights, which shall be exercised taking into 
account the business autonomy of the credit institution: 
(a) 
to veto any decision of the credit institution’s Board of Directors: 
(i) 
regarding the distribution of dividends and the benefits and bonus policy concerning 
the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Board of 
Directors, as well as any person who exercises general manager’s powers and their 
deputies in those credit institutions the NPL ratio of which, when compared to the 
total sum of loans and debt instruments, exceeds 10 per cent.; and 
(ii) 
related to corporate actions of Article 7a, paragraph 3 of the HFSF Law, which may 
significantly affect the HFSF’s participation in the share capital of the credit 
institution; 
(b) 
to request an adjournment of any meeting of the credit institution’s Board of Directors for 
three business days, until instructions are given by the HFSF’s Chief Executive Officer. Such 
right may be exercised by the end of the meeting of the credit institution’s Board of Directors; 
(c) 
to call a meeting of the Board of Directors of the credit institution be convened; and 
(d) 
to have free access to all books and records of the bank through executives and consultants of 
its choice.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
UK-#752978185v12 
Subject to Article 83 of the Banking Law, the evaluation of the board members and the committees of the 
credit institution concerned includes certain minimum criteria: 
(a) 
the individual is not, and has not been entrusted in the last four years prior to its appointment, 
with prominent public functions, such as Heads of State or of Government, senior politicians, 
senior government, judicial or military officials, senior executives of state-owned 
corporations, or important political party officials; and 
(b) 
each individual must declare all financial connections with the bank before being appointed 
and the competent authority must confirm that the individual is fit and proper for the relevant 
position. Furthermore, a final conviction or prosecution for financial crimes gives grounds for 
termination of the term of office of the relevant individual. 
The HFSF retains all its special rights described above stemming from Article 10 of the HFSF Law also over 
the beneficiary credit institutions which emerge due to the corporate transformation (taking place according to 
Greek Law 4601/2019) of any credit institution which received capital support according to the provisions of 
the HFSF Law. 
The Relationship Framework Agreement  
For the realisation of the objectives and the exercise of the rights of the HFSF, the HFSF determines the 
relationship framework agreement or the amended relationship framework agreement, as the case may be, 
with all credit institutions that are or have been beneficiaries of financial assistance provided by the EFSF 
and the ESM, and with any credit institution which emerges due to the transfer of the banking activities of a 
credit institution via partial demerger or spin off, in the context of a corporate transformation provided in 
Greek Law 4601/2019. The credit institutions which have signed the aforementioned relationship framework 
agreement provide to the HFSF all information that the EFSF or the ESM might reasonably ask for, with a 
view to the HFSF transmitting such information to the EFSF or the ESM, except if the HFSF informs the 
credit institutions that they are under the obligation to transmit said information directly to the EFSF or the 
ESM.  
The relationship of the former Piraeus Bank Société Anonyme with the HFSF following the completion of 
the 2015 Share Capital Increase, according to the provisions of the HFSF Law, is governed by the 
Relationship Framework Agreement, which was executed on 27 November 2015. Further to the amendment 
of the HFSF Law pursuant to Article 28 of Greek Law 4701/2020, the terms of the Relationship Framework 
Agreement apply to both Piraeus Financial Holdings and Piraeus Bank, as set out in a tripartite agreement 
entered into between the HFSF, Piraeus Financial Holdings and Piraeus Bank. 
In addition to the above-mentioned powers, by virtue of the Relationship Framework Agreement and for the 
period which the HFSF holds shares of Piraeus Financial Holdings, the HFSF’s appointed representative in 
the Board of Directors of Piraeus Financial Holdings and Piraeus Bank has the power, among other things, to 
include items in the agenda of the General Meeting of their ordinary shareholders, of their Board of Directors 
and of their committees in which the representative participates. In addition, in accordance with the 
Relationship Framework Agreement, at least one of the HFSF’s Representatives is appointed as a member of 
the Audit Committee of Piraeus Financial Holdings, and of each of the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, 
the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Strategy Committee and the Board ethics and 
Governance Committee of Piraeus Bank. Such HFSF’s Representative has the right to include items in the 
agenda of the meetings of the committee in which they participate and to request the convocation of such 
committee within seven days of their written request to the chairman of the relevant committee. The HFSF has 
also appointed an observer who will participate in all Committees of Piraeus Financial Holdings and Piraeus 
Bank (but will have no voting rights), as well as on the Board of Directors of Piraeus Financial Holdings and 
Piraeus Bank. 
Furthermore, in accordance with the Relationship Framework Agreement, each of Piraeus Financial Holdings 
and Piraeus Bank has the obligation to obtain the prior written consent of the HFSF for all material matters set

--- Page 269 ---
269 
UK-#752978185v12 
forth in such agreement, including, inter alia, the Group’s policy governing the relations between the Group 
and certain persons who are qualified as connected borrowers, all material corporate actions (e.g., capital 
increases, mergers, etc.), material investments or transfers of assets, the management of the NPEs, the 
recruitment policy and appointment of the members of the Board of Directors and the appointment of statutory 
auditors. 
Under the Relationship Framework Agreement, Piraeus Financial Holdings and Piraeus Bank’s decision-
making bodies will continue to determine independently Piraeus Financial Holdings and Piraeus Bank’s day-
to-day business, commercial strategy and policy. The Relationship Framework Agreement remains in force 
for as long as the HFSF holds shares in Piraeus Financial Holdings, irrespective of the percentage of its holding. 
The Relationship Framework Agreement may be amended pursuant to the HFSF Law, as in force. 
The HFSF may grant a “resolution loan” (as defined in the Financial Facility Agreement of 19 August 2015) 
to the HDIGF for the purposes of funding bank resolution costs, subject to the provisions of the above-
mentioned Financial Facility Agreement and in compliance with EU rules on state aid. For the repayment of 
such loan the credit institutions participating in the HDIGF are liable as guarantors at the ratio of their 
contribution either in the resolution scheme or in the deposit guarantee scheme, as the case may be. The 
amount, the time and the manner of drawdown on such loan, as well as any other necessary matter in 
connection therewith, are determined on an ad hoc basis by a decision of the Minister of Finance, following a 
request by the HDIGF and the opinion of the Bank of Greece. 
The Issuers and the HFSF are currently in the process of agreeing amendments to the existing Relationship 
Framework Agreement to reflect certain of the changes to the HFSF Law made pursuant to Greek Law 
4941/2022, including as a result of the NPL ratio of Piraeus Bank having fallen below 10 per cent. of its total 
sum of loans. 
Interest Rates 
Under Greek Law, interest rates applicable to bank loans are not subject to a legal maximum, but they must 
comply with certain requirements intended to ensure clarity and transparency, including with regard to their 
readjustments, especially as set out in the Act 2501/2002 of the Governor of the Bank of Greece, as in force. 
In particular, according to the Act of the Governor of the Bank of Greece No. 2501/2002 and the related 
Decision No. 178/2004 of the Committee of Banking and Credit Issues of the Bank of Greece, the adjustment 
of a floating interest rate must be: (i) linked to one or more index rates (i.e. ECB, EURIBOR, etc.) and, where 
one or more index rates are applied, the percentage level of each one to the overall adjustment shall be stated 
and specified; and (ii) determined either as a maximum multiple of each variation of the index rate or as the 
aggregate of the index rates in force from time to time and a maximum spread above such rate. 
Limitations apply to the compounding of interest. In particular, the compounding of interest with respect to 
bank loans and credits only applies if the relevant agreement so provides and is subject to limitations that apply 
under Article 30 of Greek Law 2789/2000 (as in force) and Article 39 of Greek Law 3259/2004 (as in force). 
Foreign Exchange 
Starting in 1991, Greek foreign exchange restrictions were gradually relaxed, and were totally eliminated 
concurrently with the adoption of the Euro on 1 January 2001. A two per cent. requirement of re-deposit and 
assignment, which currently applies to deposits in Euro, applies to foreign currency deposits as well. 
Under Article 4 of Greek Law 2842/2000, effective 1 January 2001, credit institutions operating in Greece and 
authorised to enter into foreign currency transactions can freely enter into transactions of any type in foreign 
currencies and foreign notes, on their own account and at their own risk, in accordance with the provisions in 
force.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
UK-#752978185v12 
Furthermore, credit institutions operating in Greece publish daily rate bulletins of buy/sell exchange rates of 
foreign currencies and notes for the purposes of trading with the public. The relevant bid/offer spreads are 
determined freely. The Bank of Greece publishes daily reference exchange rates of the Euro against foreign 
currencies based on the corresponding foreign exchange rate bulletins of the ECB.  
Compulsory Deposits with the Central Bank 
The compulsory reserve requirement framework of the Bank of Greece is in line with Eurosystem regulations. 
Reserve ratios are determined by category of liabilities at one per cent. for all categories of liabilities 
comprising the reserve base, with the exception of the following liabilities to which a zero ratio applies: 
• 
deposits with agreed maturity over two years; 
• 
deposits redeemable at notice over two years; 
• 
repos; and 
• 
debt securities with agreed maturity over two years. 
This requirement applies to all credit institutions. 
Management of non-performing loans (NPLs)  
In the context of managing NPLs, the following acts have been recently issued by the Bank of Greece: 
● 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No. 175/2/29.7.2020, which determines the framework of 
regulatory obligations of credit institutions in relation to the management of loans in arrears and NPLs 
and replaced the Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No. 42/30.5.2014.  
● 
Bank of Greece Credit and Insurance Committee Act No. 116/1/25.8.2014 for the introduction of a 
code of conduct for institutions extending credit in Greece as per Greek Law 4261/2014 (including, 
credit institutions), in implementation of Article 1 of Greek Law 4224/2013, as replaced by Bank of 
Greece Credit and Insurance Committee Decision No. 195/1/29.07.2016 (published in Government 
Gazette 2376/B/2.8.2016) and thereafter replaced by decision no. 392/1/31.5.2021 (published in 
Government Gazette 2411/B/7.6.2021). virtue of decision number 116/25.8.2014 of the Credit and 
Insurance Committee of the Bank of Greece, as replaced by decision number 195/29.7.2016. 
● 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no. 118/ 19.5.2017 (in replacement of former Act no. 
95/27.5.2016) was also issued, setting out the regulatory framework for credit servicing firms, further 
determining the procedure and requirements for the establishment and operation thereof in 
implementation of Articles 1-3 of Greek Law 4354/2015, as replaced by Article 70 of Greek Law 
4389/2016 and further amended by the fourth and tenth Articles of Greek Law 4393/2016 and by 
Article 69 of Greek Law 4549/2018.  
Hellenic Deposit and Investment Guarantee Fund 
The Hellenic Deposit and Investment Guarantee Fund (HDIGF) is a private entity established by Greek Law 
3746/2009, as a universal successor of the former Deposit Guarantee Fund established by Greek Law 
2832/2000. The HDIGF is currently regulated by Greek Law 4370/2016 “On Deposit Cover Schemes and 
Deposit and Guarantee Fund” (Government Gazette 37/A/7.3.2016), implementing Directive 2014/49/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes; such Greek Law 
abolished Greek Law 3746/2009.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
UK-#752978185v12 
The HDIGF is administered jointly by the Bank of Greece, the Hellenic Bank Association and the Ministry of 
Finance. 
HDIGF’s purpose is to (a) indemnify depositors of credit institutions participating in the HDIGF which become 
unable to fulfil their obligations towards their depositors, and to finance resolution measures with respect to 
credit institutions, in each case  through the deposits cover scheme (“Deposit Cover Scheme”), (b) indemnify 
clients to whom credit institutions participating in the HDIGF offer investment services covered by the HDIGF 
in case such institutions become unable to fulfil their obligations under such services, through the investments 
cover scheme  ("Investments Cover Scheme"), and (c) provide financing for resolution measures with respect 
to credit institutions under the Greek BRRD Law through the resolution scheme ("Resolution Scheme"). 
Following the enactment of the Greek BRRD Law, the Resolution Scheme has become Greece’s “Resolution 
Fund” for the purpose of ensuring the effective application by the Bank of Greece, in its capacity as the national 
resolution authority, of the resolution tools and powers in accordance with the resolution objectives and the 
principles set out in the Greek BRRD Law.  
All credit institutions licenced to operate in Greece must participate in the Deposit Cover Scheme. Such 
participation in the Deposit Cover Scheme entails ipso jure participation in the Resolution Scheme.  Local 
branches of credit institutions which have been established in non-EU Member States and are not covered by 
a guarantee scheme equivalent to that of the HDIGF mandatorily participate in the relevant scheme of the 
HDIGF. Greek branches of foreign credit institutions established in EU Member States may also become 
members of the Investments Cover Scheme. 
With respect to Greek credit institutions, the relevant schemes of the HDIGF also cover deposits held by their 
branches in other EU Member States, claims from covered investment services rendered by their branches in 
other EU Member States (to the extent not covered by an equivalent guarantee scheme in the host EU member 
State), as well as deposit held by and claims from covered investment services rendered by, their branches in 
third countries provided that such deposits or claims are not covered by a guarantee scheme equivalent to that 
of the HDIGF in the relevant third country. 
Each scheme of the HDIGF has its own assets and is funded mainly by the annual/regular contributions and 
extraordinary contributions of the participating credit institutions, donations, the liquidation of claims and the 
revenues deriving from the management of its assets. The level of each participant’s annual contribution is 
generally determined according to certain percentages applied to the total amount of eligible deposits or the 
total value of investors’ financial assets under covered investment services and the assessment of the risk 
undertaken by each credit institution. In particular, with respect to the Deposit Cover Scheme, if accumulated 
funds are not sufficient to cover the claimants whose deposits become unavailable, participants may be 
required to pay additional contributions up to a maximum amount of 0.5 per cent. of the deposits covered by 
such credit institution, per year. 
The Resolution Scheme is funded by the ex ante and extraordinary ex post contributions collected from 
participating credit institutions. Ex post contributions, are calculated pursuant to a decision of the Bank of 
Greece in its capacity as the Greek resolution authority. Ex ante contributions are calculated depending on the 
risk profile of credit institutions in accordance with the criteria laid down in the European Commission’s 
delegated act.  
Also, pursuant to Article 16 of Greek Law 3864/2010, as amended, the HDIGF may receive a resolution loan 
from the HFSF to cover its expenses for the funding of resolution procedures. The repayment of such loan will 
be guaranteed by the credit institutions participating in the HDIGF proportionately to their contributions to the 
Resolution Scheme or the Deposits Cover Scheme, as the case may be.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
UK-#752978185v12 
Under the Deposits Cover Scheme, the maximum coverage limit is currently set at €100,000 per depositor for 
the aggregate amount of all eligible deposits held with a credit institution (regardless of the number of accounts 
held with a credit institution, the currency or the place of such accounts), provided however that any due and 
payable obligations of the depositor towards the relevant credit. 
By way of exception, Greek Law 4370/2016 provides for specific situations, where coverage is in excess of 
such limit, up to the amount of €300,000.  To qualify for this increased protection, the amount in excess of the 
€100,000 limit must relate to one of the following credited to the eligible accounts: a real estate transaction of 
a private residential property, sums paid to the depositor in respect of benefits payable under an insurance 
policy, compensation for personal injury, for wrongful conviction, benefits paid in connection with disability 
or incapacity, for termination of employment contract, compensation between spouses, retirement, 
compensation in respect of a person’s death, or inheritance. 
Under the Investments Cover Scheme, the maximum coverage limit relating to the provision of covered 
investment services is currently set at €30,000 per investor per credit institution for the total claims of an 
investor client against the credit institution (regardless of covered investment services, number of accounts 
and assets, currency and place of provision of the service). 
In the event that either (i) the Bank of Greece issues a decision stating that a credit institution does not seem 
capable of returning a deposit for reasons directly linked to its financial situation and that credit institution is 
not expected to recover so as to become capable of returning the deposit in the near future; or (ii) a court 
judgment is issued with respect to a credit institution resulting in the suspension of depositors' right to raise 
claims against that credit institution, the HDIGF shall pay to the depositors the remuneration within seven 
business days from the date on which it has been determined that the credit institution became unable to pay 
deposits and following set-off of the credit balances of the eligible deposit accounts against any kind of 
counterclaims that the credit institution may have against the beneficiary depositor, provided and to the extent 
that such counterclaims have become due and payable on or prior to the date on which the credit institution 
became unable to pay deposits pursuant to Article 440 et seq. of the Greek Civil Code. The indemnification 
by the HDIGF of the beneficiaries-investors in relation to claims arising from covered investment services is 
payable within three months after delivery by the HDIGF to the Bank of Greece of the relevant HDIGF 
decision determining the entitled beneficiaries-investors, in accordance with the procedure and subject to the 
conditions set out in Greek Law 4370/2016. 
Prohibition of Money Laundering and Terrorist Funding 
Greece, as a member of the Financial Action Task Force ("FATF") and as a Member State of the EU, fully 
complies with FATF recommendations and the relevant EU legal framework. Greek Law 4557/2018 on the 
prevention and suppression of money laundering and terrorist funding implemented EU Council Directive 
2015/849/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of 
the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing (the “Fourth Anti-Money 
Laundering Directive”), amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, and repealing Directive 2005/60/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission 
Directive 2006/70/EC. The main provisions of Greek legislation on money laundering and terrorist financing 
are as follows:  
• 
the catalogue of the basic offences on money laundering and terrorist financing activity is expanded 
including bribery in the private sector; 
• 
entities subject to the law include credit institutions and other financial organisations (including 
financial institutions, insurance companies, credit servicing firms of Law 4354/2015, electronic money 
institutions), as well as credit intermediaries, trusts and gambling service provider companies;

--- Page 273 ---
273 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
entities subject to the law include credit institutions and other financial organisations (including 
financial institutions, insurance companies, credit servicing, firms of Law 4254/2015, electric money 
institutions), as well as credit intermediaries, trusts and gambling service provider companies; 
• 
credit institutions (and other persons) are required to identify customers and beneficial owners (where 
applicable redefined and a national central beneficial owner registry, perform customer due diligence 
on the basis of risk assessment, retain documents and notify authorities of suspicious transactions; 
 
• 
entities subject to the law should take into consideration lower/higher risk indicators (relating to types 
of customers, geographic areas, and particular products, services, transactions or delivery channels) 
provided by the Greek Law 4557/2018 (Annex 1 in conjunction with Article 15 paragraph 2, and Annex 
II in conjunction with Article 16 paragraph 4). In this context, the implementation of due diligence 
measures in cases where, for instance a Greek State Authority or business is owned at least 51% by the 
Greek State is repealed, since such cases are potentially lower-risk. Moreover, the mandatory 
implementation of enhanced due diligence measures for transactions carried out without the physical 
presence of the customer and business relationships or transactions established from a distance, without 
certain safeguards, such as electronic signatures and for products or transactions that might favour 
anonymity is provided, since they are potentially higher-risk;  
 
• 
provisions of private law and banking secrecy do not apply to money laundering activities;  
 
• 
the definition of Politically Exposed Persons ("PEP") is widened;  
 
• 
the beneficial ownership status is redefined and a national central beneficial owner registry has been 
established providing accurate and up-to-date information on the Ultimate Beneficial Owner Status 
("UBOS") of any natural person(s) who ultimately owns or controls an entity and/or on whose behalf a 
transaction or activity is being conducted; 
 
• 
credit institutions and financial organizations can now set up a centralized database for their customers’ 
legal beneficial owners (residing abroad) allowing registering, storage and exchange of information; and 
 
• 
the mandate of the competent anti-money laundering national Authority which is responsible, among 
others, for examining reports filed by banks and other individuals or legal persons with respect to 
suspicious transactions. 
In July 2002, the Greek Parliament adopted Greek Law 3034/2002, which implemented the International 
Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism, with which Piraeus Bank is fully compliant. 
Additionally, Piraeus Bank complies with the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate 
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (known as the “USA PATRIOT Act of 
2001”), which took effect from October 2001 and which has implemented a range of new anti-money 
laundering requirements on banks and other financial services institutions worldwide.  
The Bank of Greece, through its Banking and Credit Affairs Committee, has also issued Decision No. 
281/5/2009 on the “Prevention of the use of the credit and financial institutions, which are supervised by the 
Bank of Greece, for the purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing”. Decision No. 281/5/2009, as 
amended and in force, takes into account the principle of proportionality, the obligations of all credit and 
financial institutions and FATF recommendations. The decision also reflects the common understanding of 
the obligations imposed by European Regulation 1781/2006 on the information on the payer accompanying 
funds transfers to payment service providers of payees. It is noted that the competent Banking and Credit 
Committee of the Bank of Greece, has not yet issued a Decision incorporating the provisions of Greek Law 
4557/2018 and therefore Decision No. 281/5/17.3.2009 on the “Prevention of the Use of the Credit and

--- Page 274 ---
274 
UK-#752978185v12 
Financial Institutions, which are supervised by the Bank of Greece, for the Purpose of Money Laundering and 
Terrorist Financing” and the Committees’ relevant Decision is still in force. By virtue of Acts No. 
172/1/29.5.2020 and 188/1/26.04.2021 of its Executive Committee, the Bank of Greece established the 
framework for conducting customer due diligence by electronic means in the context of distant business 
relationships (e-KYC). 
Equity Participation by Banks 
According to Act No. 2604/2008 of the Governor of the Bank of Greece (which had been issued upon 
authorisation of the former Greek Law 3601/2007), credit institutions must obtain central bank approval to 
acquire or increase a qualifying holding in the share capital of credit institutions, financial services companies, 
insurance and re-insurance companies, information technology and financial data collection processing 
companies, asset and liability management companies, venture capitals, real property management companies, 
paying systems management companies and external credit assessment institutions. The provisions of such 
Act do not apply to branches of credit institutions with their registered seat in a country of the European 
Economic Area, or outside the European Economic Area provided that the Bank of Greece has recognised the 
equivalency of their supervisory regime. For the purposes of the aforementioned Act a “qualifying holding” 
means a direct or indirect holding in an undertaking which represents 10 per cent. or more of the capital or the 
voting rights, or which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence over the management of the 
undertaking. Any “indirect holding” means the one held by a subsidiary of the credit institution. 
Prior approval for the acquisition or increase of a qualifying holding is not required in any of the following 
circumstances: 
(1) 
If the value of the qualifying holding does not exceed, in the aggregate, taking into account any 
increases effected within the same calendar year, two per cent. of the credit institution’s own funds, 
as calculated on the basis of the data for the immediately preceding calendar quarter.  
(2) 
If the value of the qualifying holding amounts to, in the aggregate and taking into account any increases 
effected within the same calendar year, between two per cent. and five per cent. of its own funds as 
calculated on the basis of the data for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, provided that:  
- 
the capital adequacy ratio (on a consolidated basis), after calculating the influence of such 
qualifying holding, exceeds the minimum ratio required by law plus (i) one percentage point in 
the case of credit institutions having the status of a société anonyme and (ii) five percentage 
points in the case of cooperative banks; and 
- 
the ratio of the core or Tier 1 capital to the assets of the credit institution amount at least to six 
per cent. 
(3) 
If the acquisition or increase of the qualifying holding: 
- 
is a result of investments made by investment companies of Greek Law 3371/2005 or real estate 
investment companies of Greek Law 2778/1999; or 
- 
is the result of underwriting services provided by the credit institution for a period of six months 
following the end of the subscription period; or 
- 
is effected without the direct or indirect disposal of funds, with the exception of exchange of 
shares in case of credit institutions’ mergers (which, in such case the provisions of paragraphs 
(1) and (2) above apply).

--- Page 275 ---
275 
UK-#752978185v12 
The value of qualifying holdings under paragraph (3) is not taken into account for the calculation 
of the qualifying holdings for the purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2) above. 
(4) 
If the acquisition or increase of the qualifying holding in an undertaking is supervised by the Bank of 
Greece, provided that such holding is subject to approval pursuant to the general provisions regarding 
the establishment and operation of such undertaking and the suitability of its shareholders. The value 
of such qualifying holding is not taken into account for the calculation of the qualifying holdings for 
the purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2) above. 
It is not clear if and to what extent above Act No. 2604/2008 of the Governor of the Bank of Greece continues 
to apply under the CRD IV regime. In particular, pursuant to Article 89 of Regulation 575/2013 competent 
authorities of EU Member States shall publish their choice on the requirements applicable to acquisitions by 
credit institutions of qualifying holdings in other companies, based on the choices made available in Article 
89 of Regulation 575/2013. The Bank of Greece has not published its choice as per the above to this date. 
Subject to EU regulations, new and significant holdings (concentrations) must be reported to the Greek 
Competition Commission according to Greek Law 3959/2011, as in force. 
The HCMC and ATHEX must be notified once certain ownership thresholds are crossed with respect to listed 
companies. 
Payment Services Directive ("PSD" ) 
EU Council Directive 2007/64 on payment services established uniform rules on electronic payments (for 
example, debit card payments or monies transfer) in 30 European countries (EU Member States, Iceland, 
Norway and Lichtenstein). PSD sets forth information to be furnished to payments services users and renders 
such payments faster and safer. 
EU Council Directive 2007/64 was incorporated in Greek Law by Greek Law 3862/2010, according to the 
provisions of which any payment service provider, including Piraeus Bank, must ensure easy access to a 
minimum of information and transparency concerning the respective payment services, as per the terms and 
conditions further provided for in such Greek Law. The provisions of Greek Law 3862/2010 regulate banking 
activity in aspects such as the transparency of the terms, notification requirements, contracts, provision of 
payment services, refunding, credit to the beneficiary, etc. The new legal framework includes a series of 
provisions protecting the rights of payment services users.  
On 23 December 2015, Directive 2015/2366 “on payment services in the internal market” ("PSD II" ) was 
published in the Official Journal, repealing Directive 2007/64/EC (with effect from 13 January 2018) on 
payment services in the internal market  and entered into force on 13 January 2016. PSD II which, inter alia, 
extends the scope of application of PSD should be transposed into national law by all Member States two years 
after the date of entry into force, i.e., by 13 January 2018. The European Council has also adopted Regulation 
2015/751 on interchange fees for card-based payment transactions. 
 
PSD II was incorporated into Greek Law by Greek Law 4537/2018, effective as from 15 May 2018 (unless 
otherwise explicitly specified in its provisions), which icnluded, inter alia, the following provisions: 
 
• 
The scope of application covers all transactions where one party is in an EU member state (1-leg 
transactions), irrespective of the currency. Purchase of goods and services via telecom-operators is also 
included in its scope. 
• 
A wider range of payment providers is introduced, including Payment Initiation Service Providers 
("PISP") and Account Information Service Providers ("AISP").

--- Page 276 ---
276 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
Transparency and information requirements for payments, as well as settlement of disputes, prohibition of 
surcharges for card payments, enhanced consumer protection against fraud and clarification of parties’ 
liability in case of misappropriation of payments. 
• 
The Hellenic General Secretariat of Trade and Consumer Protection is appointed as competent authority 
to handle complaints of payment services users and of other interesting parties (i.e. consumer associations).  
MiFID-MiFID II-MiFIR 
EU Council Directives 2004/39 and 2006/73 and Council Regulation 1287/2006 on investment services or the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (the "MiFID") were introduced in Greece by Greek Law 
3606/2007 (the "MiFID Law") and subsequent decisions of the Hellenic Capital Market Committee as well 
as Bank of Greece Governor’s Acts. Relevant provisions introduced significant changes with a view to 
improving the legal framework of investment services: investment services providers must categorise their 
clients as per the latter’s risk profile, offer increased transparency on their fees and expenses payable by clients, 
ensure timely forwarding of clients’ orders concerning transactions under the ATHEX, locate and prevent 
interest conflicts, and other relevant matters. 
Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments repealing Directive 2004/39/EC and the Regulation 
600/2014 on Markets in Financial Instruments, commonly referred to as "MiFID II"  and "MiFIR"  
respectively, were adopted by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union on 15 May 
2014 and published in the EU Official Journal on 12 June 2014 with effect from 3 January 2017, subject to 
certain exemptions. However, the implementation date for MiFID II has been extended until 3 January 2018. 
The new framework aims to make financial markets more efficient, resilient and transparent by, inter alia, 
introducing a safer market structure framework, increasing the equity market transparency, providing for 
strengthened supervisory powers, improving conditions for competition in the trading and clearing of financial 
instruments, introducing trading controls for algorithmic trading activities, introducing better organisational 
requirements for a stronger investor protection strengthening the existing regime to ensure effective and 
harmonised administrative sanctions and granting access to EU markets for firms from third countries.   
MiFID II was introduced in Greece by Greek Law 4514/2018 (published in Government Gazette 
14/A/30.01.2018 and 16/A/31.01.2018), having retro-active effect as from 3 January 2018. In furtherance to 
the implementation of MiFID II, following Acts of the Execution Committee of the Bank of Greece were 
issued: 
• 
No. 146/13.07.2018 on the requirements for the registration in the Bank of Greece registry of persons 
providing investment services on behalf of credit institutions as tied agents pursuant to Article 29 of Greek 
Law 4514/2018; and 
• 
No. 147/27.07.2018 on the framework for safeguarding financial instruments and funds belonging to 
clients and product governance obligations. 
Mortgage Credit Directive  
European Directive 2014/17 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property 
was adopted on 4 February 2014. This Directive aims to create a European Union-wide mortgage credit market 
with a high level of consumer protection. It applies to both secured credit and home loans. However, this 
Directive does not apply to credit agreements existing before 21 March 2016. 
The main provisions include consumer information requirements, principle based rules and standards for the 
performance of services (e.g. conduct of business obligations, competence and knowledge requirements for 
staff), a consumer creditworthiness assessment obligation, provisions on early repayment, provisions on 
foreign currency loans, provisions on tying practices, some high-level principles (e.g. those covering financial

--- Page 277 ---
277 
UK-#752978185v12 
education, property valuation and arrears and foreclosures) and a passport for credit intermediaries who meet 
the admission requirements in their home Member State.  
The deadline for the transposition of this Directive was 21 March 2016. Greece transposed such Directive 
through Greek Law 4438/2016 (Government Gazette 220/A/28.11.2016).  In furtherance of Greek Law 
4438/2016, the Act no. 137/16/04/2018 of the Execution Committtee of the Bank of Greece was issued setting 
out the requirements for the licensing and the supervision of mortgage credit brokers.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
UK-#752978185v12 
THE MORTGAGE AND HOUSING MARKET IN GREECE 
The Greek housing loan market was deregulated in the early 1990s. This allowed both domestic and foreign 
commercial banks to rapidly establish themselves in this market as well as in the broader region of South-
Eastern Europe. The four largest lenders in the Greek residential mortgage market are the National Bank of 
Greece, Alpha Bank, Piraeus Bank and Eurobank, together accounting for close to 98 per cent of the total 
market as at end of June 2023, holding approximately one quarter each. (Source: Published financial 
statements of each bank.) 
In the years following Greece’s adoption of the Euro, households took advantage of the prevailing downward 
convergence of borrowing costs and the stable macroeconomic environment to increase their leverage. Thus, 
the residential mortgage market experienced growth of 25 per cent. per annum in the period from 2000 to 2009 
and mortgage credit increased from 11 per cent. of GDP in 2001 to around 34 per cent. by the end of 2009. 
The global financial crisis effectively ended this rapid expansion, and 2009 saw the mortgage loan growth rate 
in Greece decelerate to 3.7 per cent. per annum from an increase of 12 per cent. per annum in 2008 and 21 per 
cent. per annum in 2007. The Greek sovereign debt crisis that followed the global financial crisis resulted in 
unprecedented GDP contraction in Greece (with approximately a 25 per cent. GDP decrease on a cumulative 
basis) and had a significant impact on disposable income, employment and propensity to invest in real estate 
property, which was also related to a heavy tax burden. At the end of 2014, the real estate market was gradually 
showing signs of improvement but the political and economic conditions that followed in 2015, as well as the 
capital restrictions imposed in June of the same year, reinstated uncertainty and destabilized the market. During 
the period 2009-2017, house prices dropped about 39 per cent, while in major city centres such as Athens and 
Thessaloniki, prices fell by approximately 40 per cent. 
Since 2018, demand for mortgage loans has increased driven mainly by the strong economic recovery, the 
growth in real household disposable income (by 11 per cent. cumulatively in 2018-22, despite the negative 
effect of the COVID-19 pandemic), the various “Golden Visa” schemes, the reduction in property taxation 
(ENFIA) by nearly 40 per cent. and demand for tourist rentals. According to data provided by the BoG, 
residential real estate prices registered increases of 1.8 per cent., in 2018, 7.2 per cent., in 2019, 4.5 per cent., 
in 2020, 7.6 per cent., in 2021 and 11.1 per cent., in 2022. 
In addition, it is worth noting the revival in residential investment, which recorded increases during 2018 for 
the first time since 2007. The positive dynamics of residential investment during 2018 synchronized with the 
recovery of residential real estate prices, relating also to the marked development of the short-term rental 
market over the past years via home-sharing economy (e.g. Airbnb and HomeAway platforms). 
The average age of new borrowers is in the early 40s, indicating that young people prefer to reach a state of 
financial stability before investing in their own house.  
Apartments are the most common type of residential property available, with townhouses and detached 
houses being prevalent to the more affluent city areas. 
Piraeus Bank, holds approximately a 25per cent market share of the new mortgage loan production, and 
approximately 23 per cent. of the total mortgage market in Greece, as at the end of June 2023.  
Mortgage Products 
The Greek mortgage market offers fairly standard products. More sophisticated products may be designed, 
especially for affluent and private banking customers, driven by demand and competition among lenders.  
The mortgage product mix that most banks offer consists of the following: 
(a) 
floating rate mortgages, based on EURIBOR (either 1 month or 3 months);  
(b) 
fixed rate mortgages for an initial period (for example, for two, three, five, 10 or 15, 20, 25, 30 years)

--- Page 279 ---
279 
UK-#752978185v12 
converting to a floating rate based on EURIBOR thereafter; and 
(c) 
preferential floating rate mortgages granted in favour of the banks’ employees.  
(d) 
floating rate mortgages loans granted to young people or young couples in the context of the new 
“Spiti mou” (“My home”) program, with the participation of the Public Employment Service (DYPA) 
in the financing of the loans (Law 5006/2022, Government Gazette 239/A/22.12.2022 and Joint 
Ministerial Decision 189/2023, Government Gazette 1180/B/2023).  The loan is co-financed at a rate 
of 75 per cent from Public Employment Service funds and 25 per cent from Bank funds and is granted 
with a 100 per cent subsidized interest rate for families with three or more children. 
(e) 
mortgage products in specific foreign currencies, such as USD, GBP, CHF, offered to customers who 
receive their main income in those currencies, so as to minimize FX risk. These products are offered 
with the main floating rates, corresponding to each currency (SOFR, SONIA, SARON).  
In the past, the Greek mortgage market offered the following products, which are still present in the outstanding 
mortgage portfolios from previous years’ disbursements: 
(a) 
floating rate mortgages, based on LIBOR (loans denominated in Swiss francs);  
(b) 
mortgages with a discounted fixed rate for an initial period of either one or two years, converting to a 
floating rate thereafter (the vast majority of those loans have converted to a floating rate);  
(c) 
long-term fixed rate mortgages; and 
(d) 
mortgages with floating rates which were subsidised up to a certain amount and for a specific period of 
time either by the Greek State. 
Typically, mortgage loans have an average term of 20 years, with a maximum term of 40 years, mostly 
applicable to mortgages granted up to 2010 and in the case of term extensions. Currently, most banks offer a 
maximum tenor of 30 to 35 years for new loans. Annuity loans are the most common form of repayment, while 
interest-only loan account for a very small proportion of total loans and do not apply for new production. 
Security for Housing Loans 
In Greece, security for housing loans is created by establishing either a mortgage or a per-notation of a 
mortgage. A mortgage can be established by a notarial deed (or by a judicial decision, or by law in special 
cases). The establishment of a mortgage by notarial deed is quite costly and is therefore not preferred by banks 
and borrowers. Instead, banks generally obtain a pre-notation of a mortgage, which is an injunction over the 
property entitling its beneficiary to obtain a mortgage as soon as a final judgment for the secured claim has 
been obtained, but which is valid as of the date of the pre-notation. From the perspective of enforceability, 
ranking of the security and preferred right to the proceeds of the auction, there is no difference between a 
holder of a mortgage and a holder of a pre-notation of a mortgage, since the latter is treated as a secured creditor 
of the property. Both the holder of a pre-notation of a mortgage and a mortgagee need an enforcement right 
before commencing enforcement procedures. The difference between them is that the pre-notation is a 
conditional security interest whose preferential treatment is subject to the unappealable adjudication of the 
claim it purports to secure, whereas a mortgagee’s claim is enforceable pursuant to the mortgage deed itself. 
Establishing a pre-notation is the most common way of establishing security for a housing loan in Greece. 
The pre-notation, as a form of injunction, can be established with or without the consent of the owner(s) of the 
property on which the pre-notation will be established, but is only granted pursuant to a court decision.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
UK-#752978185v12 
The procedures adopted by lenders of housing loans in practice have led to an arrangement whereby pre-
notations are granted “by consent”, where both the lending bank and the owner of the property over which the 
pre-notation will be established (i.e. the borrower, guarantor or a third party), appear before the competent 
court and consent to the establishment of the pre-notation on the specific real estate property. The court issues 
the decision immediately (in fact, the decision is drafted beforehand by the lending bank and is certified and 
signed by the judge who hears the claim). 
Having a certified copy of the court decision and a summary thereof, the lawyer of the lending bank takes them 
to the Land Registry or the Cadastre, where applicable, along with a written request for the issuance (by the 
Cadastre or the Land Registry) of certificates confirming: 
(a) 
the ownership by the person that consented to the granting of the pre-notation (i.e. the borrower, 
guarantor or third party) of the mortgaged property; 
(b) 
the registration and ranking of the pre-notation; 
(c) 
the absence of (judicially raised) claims of third parties against the current and all previous owner(s) of 
the mortgaged property; and 
(d) 
any other mortgages, pre-notations or seizures preceding the pre-notation registered by the bank. 
At the same time, the bank’s lawyer effects a search in the Cadastre or the Land Registry, in order to confirm 
the uncontested ownership of the person that consented to the granting of the pre-notation (i.e. the borrower, 
guarantor or third party, as the case may be) and the first priority of the mortgage or pre-notation, before the 
loan can be disbursed. 
Once the certificates are issued, they are reviewed by the bank’s legal department and are included in the 
borrower’s file. The legal review of both the ownership titles and the pre-notation registration is based on 
public documents, i.e. on notarial deeds and certificates issued by the competent Land Registries or Cadastres, 
where applicable. The history of the ownership titles for the previous 20 years is examined (which is the period 
for adverse possession). Such a review together with a titles search in the Cadastre or the Land Registry, 
precedes the approval of the loan. Upon registration of the pre-notation, a second titles search is made to 
confirm the status quo. 
Enforcing Security 
Without prejudice to the procedures required under the Code of Conduct, it is Piraeus Bank's policy to 
commence enforcement proceedings once an amount remains unpaid under a loan for more than 180 days, at 
which point, the loan is terminated. Once a loan is in default for more than 180 days, an extrajudicial notice of 
termination of the loan is served on the borrower and on the guarantors (each borrower being, in respect of a 
Loan, the individual specified as such in the relevant mortgage terms together with each individual (if any), 
such as a guarantor, who assumes from time to time an obligation to repay such Loan (the “Borrower”)), if 
any, informing them of this fact and requesting the persons indebted to an immediate payment of all amounts 
due. Following the service of notice of termination of the loan on the Borrower and in the case of continued 
non-payment, a judge of the competent Court of First Instance (i.e. the Single Member Court of First Instance 
or the Magistrate’s Court, as the case may be), is presented with the case upon which the judge issues an order 
for payment to be served on the Borrower together with a demand for immediate payment. Service of the order 
(that must take place within two months after its issuance) and demand for payment is the first action of 
enforcement proceedings. Three business days after serving the payment order and demand, the property can 
be seized and the auction process starts, as described below.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
UK-#752978185v12 
Following amendment of the GCCP by virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 (published in Government Gazette 
87/A/23.7.2015) and further by Greek Law 4842/2021 (published in Government Gazette A/190/13.10.2021), 
the following apply in relation to enforcement proceedings commencing from 1 January 2016 onwards and in 
respect of demands for immediate payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016 and in respect of demands 
for immediate payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016: 
The Borrower, after being served the order for payment, is granted 15 business days (or 30 business days if the 
Borrower resides abroad or the borrower is of unknown residence and has appointed a process agent in Greece), 
to contest the validity of the order for payment, either on the merits of the case or on the ground of procedural 
irregularities.  
This can be done by filing an Article 632 of the GCCP Annulment Petition before the competent Court of First 
Instance (in short, "632/Annul") contesting the substantive or procedural validity of the order of payment). 
The filing of an 632/Annul entitles the Borrower to file a petition for the suspension of the enforcement against 
the relevant property pursuant to Article 632 of the GCPP (the "Article 632 Suspension Petition"). Upon 
filing an Article 632 Suspension Petition, enforcement procedures may be suspended until the hearing of the 
Article 632 Suspension Petition. Following the issue of a decision in relation to the hearing of an Article 632 
Suspension Petition (which itself can take up to approximately two to five months to be issued), enforcement 
may be suspended until the competent Court of First Instance has issued an official decision in respect of the 
632/Annul. The Court has the right to request a guarantee from the Borrower in order to grant suspension. 
If the competent Court of First Instance decides that the 632/Annul has no grounds and rejects this, the 
suspended enforcement procedures can continue. In case an appeal is filed against the decision of the 
competent Court of First Instance in respect of the 632/Annul, upon filing of a new Article 632 Suspension 
Petition, suspension of enforcement may be granted until the Court of Appeal (or the Single Member Court of 
First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may be) reaches a decision (if the Court considers that 
the appeal is likely to succeed), which means an additional delay in enforcement proceedings of approximately 
two years. The procedure can take up to approximately five to six years from the filing of the Article 632 
Suspension Petition if the borrower requests adjournments of the hearing of the 632/Annul before the Court of 
First Instance and Court of Appeal (or the Single Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal), 
as the case may be, up until the decision of the latter. 
In the experience of Piraeus Bank, it is highly unusual that a suspension of enforcement proceedings is granted 
by the Court of Appeal (or the Single Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case 
may be) if the initial suspension was granted up until the decision of the First Instance Court. 
If the Borrower fails to contest the order for payment, the order may be served again on the Borrower and a 
further 15 business days are available to the Borrower to file a petition of annulment against the order for 
payment pursuant to Article 633 of the GCCP (in short, "633/Annul") with the competent Court of First 
Instance. The order for payment will be final either if the term of 15 (or 30) business days mentioned above 
elapses, or if the Court of Appeal (or the Single Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal 
as the case may be) rejects the 632/Annul or the 633/Annul. 
This will result in the Bank acquiring a final deed of enforcement and then the relevant pre-notation, for the 
loans covered, must be converted into a mortgage within 90 days. 
The Borrower may also file with the competent Court of First Instance (i.e. the Magistrate’s Court or the Single 
Member Court of First Instance, as the case may be) an Article 933 of the GCCP Annulment Petition (in short, 
"933/Annul" ) for annulment of certain actions of the foreclosure proceedings based on reasons pertaining to 
the validity of the order for payment, the claim to the satisfaction of which the enforcement proceedings have 
been initiated and/or procedural irregularities. The 632/Annul, 633/Annul or 933/Annul may be filed either 
concurrently or consecutively, but it should be noted that the 933/Annul may not be based on reasons pertaining

--- Page 282 ---
282 
UK-#752978185v12 
to the validity of the order for payment or the claim for which this has been issued, once the order for payment 
has become final as mentioned above. The time for the filing of a 933/Annul varies depending on the 
foreclosure action that is being contested. In particular, the Borrower is entitled to oppose to defects of the 
enforcement procedure in two stages: the first one is set before the auction (within forty-five (45) calendar 
days as from the date of attachment of the Borrower’s property) and is related to any reason of invalidity of 
the claim and the enforcement actions carried out before the auction until the publication of the seizure report, 
whereas the second one (within thirty (30) days from the notary's auction report in case of auctioned movables 
and within sixty (60) days from the registration with the land registry or cadastre of the notary's auction report 
in case of auctioned real estate) is set after the auction and is related to any defects, which arose from the 
auction until the registration of the notary's relevant auction deed with the competent land registry or cadastre.  
The 933/Annul must be heard the latest within 60 days from its filing and the Court must issue its decision 
within 60 days from the hearing date.  
The filing of a 933/Annul entitles the Borrower to file a petition for the suspension of the enforcement until 
the decision of the competent Court of First Instance on the annulment motion is issued pursuant to Article 
938 of the GCCP (Article 938 Suspension Petition). Such suspension may be granted if the Court considers 
that the petition or appeal (as applicable) is likely to succeed and the Borrower would suffer irreparable 
damages.  Again, foreclosure proceedings may be suspended until the hearing of the Article 938 Suspension 
Petition, which, in a normal case where the Borrower seeks the suspension of the auction, should be filed the 
latest 5 business days prior to the auction and the relevant decision is issued by 12.00 pm on the Monday prior 
to the auction. It should nevertheless be noted that such suspension is more difficult to obtain if the competent 
Court of First Instance has already rejected an Article 632 Suspension Petition based on similar reasons. 
The Borrower may seek the postponement of the auction by alleging that the value of the property has been 
underestimated by the enforcing party or that the fixed first offer is too low. The relevant petition should be 
filed, at the latest, fifteen (15) business days prior to the auction and the relevant decision is issued by 12.00 
pm on the date which falls eight (8) days prior to the auction. However, it is to be noted that the initial auction 
price cannot be less than two thirds of the estimated value of the property (in accordance with para. 2 of Article 
993, in conjunction with para. 2 of Article 954 of the GCCP, as amended by Articles 63 and 120 of Greek Law 
4842/2021). The evaluation of the property cannot be less than the property’s “commercial value”, as 
calculated in accordance with presidential decree 59/2016 (published in Government Gazette 95/A/27.5.2016), 
as amended by virtue of Art. 30 of Greek Law 4745/2020 (published in Government Gazette Issue n. Α 
214/6.11.2020).  In particular, pursuant to such presidential decree, the property’s “commercial value” is 
determined by the relevant bailiff who is obliged to appoint a certified appraiser (natural or legal person 
included in the Record of certified appraisers kept with the Ministry of Finance) for this purpose.  The latter 
submits to the bailiff in printed and digital form an appraisal report in accordance with European or 
international recognised appraising standards and subject to the provisions of relevant code of conduct.  
Appraisal fees are borne by the creditor who ordered the enforcement against the relevant property, but 
ultimately burden the Borrower. Furthermore, suspension of the auction for up to six months may be sought 
by the borrower through a petition to be filed at least fifteen (15) working days prior to the auction and it may 
be upheld through a judgment to be filed until 12:00 p.m. of the Monday preceding the auctioning day, pursuant 
to Article 1000 of the GCCP, on the grounds that there is a good chance of the borrower being able to satisfy 
the enforcing party or that, following the suspension period, a better offer would be received at auction, 
provided that the Borrower pays at least one quarter of the claimed capital and the enforcement expenses set 
out approximately in the judgment and also that there is no risk for the creditor’s interests. 
The actual auction process is started with seizure of the property, which takes places three business days after 
the order for payment is served on the Borrower. The seizure statement that is issued by the bailiff who 
performs it, contains the auction date (a Wednesday, Thursday or Friday which is also a business day, with the 
auction taking place between 10:00 and 14:00 hours or between 14:00 and 18:00 hours Athens time) which, 
in respect of demands for immediate payment served to the debtor after 1 January 2016, should take place

--- Page 283 ---
283 
UK-#752978185v12 
within 7 months from the date of completion of the seizure and in any case no later than 8 months from the 
completion of the seizure (or within a deadline of 3 months since the continuation statement, in case the auction 
does not take place on the initial date) and the notary public who will act as the auction clerk. At this point all 
mortgagees (including those holding a pre-notation) are informed of the upcoming auction. 
Auctions may not take place between 1-31 August and the week before and after the date of any national, 
municipal or European elections (pursuant to Article 998 para. 2 of the GCCP). 
The auction takes place exclusively through the use of electronic means, in particular through the use of the 
electronic auction platform (e-auctions.gr), under the responsibility of a certified notary public (acting as 
auction clerk) of the district of seized property (or if not available for any reason, of the district of the district 
of the place of execution place or, if again not available for any reason, before an Athens notary public) under 
the responsibility of a competent notary public acting as auction clerk.  The relevant process is detailed in 
Article 959 of the GCCP, as further specified by Decision no. 41756/26.5.2017 of the Minister of Justice, 
Transparency and Human Rights (published in Government Gazette 1884/B/30.5.2017).  
The bids are submitted electronically. Each bidder must submit a bank guarantee or banker’s draft or make a 
deposit in cash or through a bank transfer into a special professional bank account of the notary in charge of 
the auction, in each of an amount equal to 30 per cent. of the starting price of the auctioned property and declare 
his/her attendance in the auction by 15.00 two (2) business days prior to the auction date. By 17.00 on the date 
preceding the auction date, the auction clerk registers with the electronic auction platform a list of the bidders 
entitled to participate in the auction. 
If the auction is unsuccessful, then a new auction is scheduled within forty (40) days. Following two 
unsuccessful auctions, a new auction is scheduled within thirty (30) days, with a fixed first offer equal to 80% 
of the initial fixed first offer. Following three (3) unsuccessful auctions, a new auction is scheduled within 
thirty (30) days, with a fixed first offer equal to 65% of the initial fixed first offer. Following four (4) 
unsuccessful auctions, a petition may be filed by any interested party for a new auction date to be set, with a 
fixed first offer equal to 65% of the initial fixed first offer or a lower fixed first price.   
In the auction, the property is sold to the highest bidder who then has 10 business days to pay the auction price 
along with the fees for the use of the electronic auctioning platform which burden the highest bidder. Once the 
price of the property is paid, the notary public prepares a special deed listing all the creditors and allocating 
the proceeds of the auction. Each creditor must announce its claim to the notary public by no later than 15 days 
after the auction and submit all documents proving such claims, otherwise the notary public will not take his 
claim into account.  
The proceeds of an auction following enforcement against a property securing a loan are allocated in 
accordance with Articles 975 976, 977  and Article 977A of the GCCP.   
These Articles require the notary public who acted as the auction clerk to deduct from the proceeds the 
expenses (including legal, bailiffs and notarial fees) incurred in connection with the enforcement proceedings. 
Following such deduction, the proceeds are allocated among participating creditors, depending on their 
classification; in particular, under the GCCP, creditors are divided into three classes, as follows: 
(a) 
creditors enjoying general privileges under Article 975 of the GCCP, namely (in the following ranking 
order): 
(i) 
claims for hospitalisation and funeral costs of the borrower and his family arising in the 
previous 12 months, as well as compensation claims against the borrower of persons suffering 
disability at the level of 80 per cent. or more, with the exception of moral suffering damages, 
arising until the time of the auction or the declaration of bankruptcy;

--- Page 284 ---
284 
UK-#752978185v12 
(ii) 
costs for the nourishment of the borrower and his family arising in the previous six months 
prior to the auction date or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(iii) 
claims against the relevant borrower pursuant to employment relationships as well as claims 
of lawyers, entitled to a fixed periodic fee payment for fees, expenses and compensation 
arising in the previous two years prior to the auction date; however, this time limit does not 
apply to claims of compensation for termination; further, claims of the Hellenic Republic 
against the relevant borrower in respect of Value Added Tax and any withholding taxes or 
attributable taxes and related surcharges and interests thereon; claims against the relevant 
borrower of social security funds subject to the responsibility of the General Secretariat of 
Social Security (which should not be relevant for the majority of borrowers who are not 
professionals), as well as compensation claims in case of death of person liable for nutrition, 
claims against the relevant borrower of persons suffering disability at the level of 67 per cent. 
or more, arising until the time of the auction or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(iv) 
claims by farmers or farming partnerships arising from the sale of agricultural goods during 
the previous year before the auction date or the declaration of bankruptcy; 
(v) 
claims of the Greek state and municipal authorities arising out of any cause, including interests 
and surcharges; and 
(v) 
claims by the Athens Stock Exchange Members’ Guarantee Fund (if the borrower is or was 
an investment services company within the meaning of Greek Law 4514/2018) arising in the 
previous two (2) years before the date of the auction or the declaration of bankruptcy (this 
should not be relevant for any borrower). 
(b) 
secured creditors through a mortgage or a mortgage pre-notation over the auctioned property 
(allocation amongst them is made on the basis of the time on which each lien was established) and claims for 
the preservation of the auctioned property; and 
(c) 
unsecured creditors (i.e., all other creditors, who are neither enjoying general privileges nor secured). 
Article 977A of the GCCP introduced as from 17 January 2018 new allocation rules in respect of new claims 
created as of 17 January 2018 and onwards, if such claims are secured through a mortgage or mortgage 
prenotation over the property which was not subject to any encumbrance as at 17 January 2018. In particular, 
pursuant to Article 977A of the GCCP, the auction proceeds are allocated, after deduction of the enforcement 
expenses, to the extent applicable, in the following ranking order:  
(a)  
to claims arising prior to the date of the first auction which relate to unpaid wages of up to six (6) 
months arising from a dependent employment and up to a monthly amount equal to the statutory 
minimum wage for an employee aged over twenty five (25) years, multiplied by 275%. These claims 
are satisfied in priority to any other claim (super privilege); 
(b) 
to the secured creditors (i.e. through a mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the property); 
(c) 
to the creditors enjoying general privileges; and 
(d) 
to unsecured creditors. 
In the case that a mortgage or mortgage pre-notation is registered over more than one properties of the Borrower, 
the abovementioned claims related to unpaid wages and enjoying the super privilege, are satisfied from the 
auctions proceeds as follows: 1) pari passu, if the auctions took place simultaneously; or 2) in chronological 
order of the auctions up until full satisfaction, if the auctions took place successively. In the latter case, the

--- Page 285 ---
285 
UK-#752978185v12 
secured creditors which were not satisfied due to the super privilege are granted a right to be satisfied for the 
unrecovered part of their claim from the proceeds of the auctions of the remaining properties of the Borrower.  
Accordingly, if allocation of the auction proceeds takes place in accordance with Article 977A of the GCCP 
and there are creditors enjoying above super privilege, the Issuer (as owner of a first-ranking pre-notation) 
could be totally excluded from the allocation of auction proceeds of the property or be only partially satisfied 
from the auction proceeds thereof. In such case, the proceeds may not be sufficient to discharge the amount 
that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer under the Loan. It should be noted that the application of Article 
977A remains untested. 
In case the above requirements of Article 977A of the GCCP are not met, for enforcement proceedings initiated 
from 1 January 2016 onwards; the allocation of auction proceeds takes place in accordance with Article 977 
of the GCCP in particular.  
(a) 
If there is a concurrence of creditors enjoying general privileges and of secured creditors (i.e. through 
a mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the property) and of unsecured creditors, proceeds are 
allocated as follows:  
• 
up to 65 per cent. to the secured creditors (any surplus is allocated first to creditors enjoying a general 
privilege and then to unsecured creditors); 
• 
up to 25 per cent. to the creditors enjoying general privileges (any surplus is allocated first to secured 
creditors and then to the unsecured creditors); and 
• 
up to 10 per cent. to the unsecured creditors (in case of a surplus, one third is allocated to creditors 
enjoying a general privilege and two-thirds to secured creditors). Creditors enjoying general privileges 
and secured creditors cannot be satisfied from this 10 per cent. even if they have not been fully satisfied. 
(b) 
If there is a concurrence of creditors enjoying general privileges and of secured creditors (i.e. through a 
mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the property), proceeds are allocated as follows:  
• 
up to two-thirds to the secured creditors (any surplus is allocated to creditors enjoying general 
privileges); and  
• 
up to one-third to the creditors enjoying general privileges (any surplus is allocated to secured creditors).  
(c) 
If there is a concurrence of secured creditors (i.e. through a mortgage or mortgage pre-notation over the 
property) and of unsecured creditors, proceeds are allocated as follows:  
• 
up to 90 per cent. to the secured creditors; and 
• 
up to 10 per cent. to the unsecured creditors. 
Accordingly, if allocation of the auction proceeds takes place in accordance with Article 977 of the GCCP, the 
Issuer, as owner of a first-ranking pre-notation could be limited to receiving approximately two-thirds or 65 
per cent. (as applicable) of the proceeds raised by an auction of a property securing a Loan if a claim enjoying 
a general privilege under Article 975 of the GCCP exists. In such case, the proceeds may not be sufficient to 
discharge the amount that is owed by the Borrower to the Issuer under the Loan, which may in turn affect the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Once the allocation of proceeds amongst the creditors of the Borrower has been determined pursuant to a deed 
issued by a notary public, the creditors of the Borrower are invited by the notary public to be informed 
respectively and may dispute the allocation by filing a petition contesting the deed within 12 business days as

--- Page 286 ---
286 
UK-#752978185v12 
from the service of such invitation pursuant to Article 979 in conjunction with Article 1006 para. 3 of the 
GCCP. The hearing date of the petition contesting such deed must be obligatory set within 60 days from its 
filing (or within 120 days in case of the creditor residing abroad). The competent Court of First Instance 
adjudicates the matter but the relevant creditor is entitled to appeal against the decision to the Court of Appeal 
(or the Single Member Court of First Instance acting as a Court of Appeal, as the case may be). This procedure 
may delay the collection of proceeds. This can further delay the time at which the Bank finally receives the 
proceeds of the enforcement of the relevant property. However, the law provides that a creditor is entitled to 
the payment of its claim even if its allocation priority is subject to a challenge, provided that such creditor 
submits a first demand letter of guarantee issued by a bank lawfully established in Greece, securing repayment 
of the money in the event that such challenge is upheld (Article 980 para. 2 in conjunction with Article 1006 
para. 3 of the GCCP).   
Once the list of creditors is confirmed and adjudicated, the proceeds are distributed according to the ranking 
order. 
The length, complexity and uncertainty of success of enforcement procedures in Greece to date means that, in 
relation to any defaulted or delinquent Loan included in the Cover Pool, there may be a substantial delay in 
recovering any amounts due under the relevant Loan which may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds. The reforms of the GCCP during the last years (by virtue of Greek 
Law 4335/2015 (published in Government Gazette 87/A/23.7.2015) and subsequently by Greek Law 
4512/2018 (published in Government Gazette 5/A/17.1.2018) which enables an auction to be conducted 
exclusively via electronic means, further by Greek Law 4549/2018 and most recently by Greek Law 4842/2021 
(published in Government Gazette A/190/13.10.2021)), aimed to speed up the pace of enforcement 
proceedings commencing. It should be noted, however, that in practice the Courts of First Instance are usually 
not in a position to observe the strict deadlines for the hearing of the relevant annulment petitions and the 
issuance of decisions thereon is as provided for in GCCP.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
UK-#752978185v12 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed, made between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Servicer on the 
Programme Closing Date contains provisions relating to, inter alia: 
• 
the Issuer’s obligations when dealing with any cash flows arising from the Cover Pool and the 
Transaction Documents; 
• 
the servicing, calculation, notification and reporting services to be performed by the Servicer, together 
with cash management services and account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, the Collection Accounts and the Third Party Collection 
Account (if any); 
• 
the terms and conditions upon which the Servicer will be obliged periodically to attempt to sell in whole 
or in part the Loan Assets; 
• 
the Issuer’s right to prevent the sale of a Loan Asset to third parties by removing the Loan Asset made 
subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring to the Transaction Account, an amount equal to the 
price set forth in such offer letter, subject to the provision of a solvency certificate; 
• 
the covenants of the Issuer; 
• 
the representations and warranties of the Issuer regarding itself and the Cover Pool Assets; 
• 
the responsibilities of the Servicer following the service of a Notice of Default on the Issuer or upon 
failure of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; and 
• 
the circumstances in which the Trustee will be obliged to appoint a Special Administrator to perform 
the Servicing and Cash Management Services. 
Servicing 
Pursuant to the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Issuer has agreed to be appointed as Servicer in 
respect of the Cover Pool and has agreed to service the Loans and their Related Security comprised in the Cover 
Pool and provide cash management services. 
The Servicer will be required to administer the Loans and their Related Security in accordance with the Issuer’s 
administration, arrears and enforcement policies and procedures forming part of the Issuer’s policy from time 
to time as they apply to those Loans. 
The Servicer will have the power to exercise the rights, powers and discretions and to perform the duties of 
the Issuer in relation to the Loans and their Related Security that it is servicing pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, and to do anything which it reasonably considers necessary, 
convenient or incidental to the administration of the Loans and their Related Security. 
Right of delegation by the Servicer 
The Servicer may from time to time subcontract or delegate the performance of its duties under the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed, provided that it will nevertheless remain responsible for the performance of those 
duties to the Issuer and the Trustee and, in particular, will remain liable at all times for servicing the Loans 
and their Related Security and for the acts or omissions of any delegate or sub-contractor. Any such 
subcontracting or delegation may be varied or terminated at any time by the Servicer.

--- Page 288 ---
288 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
Appointment of Replacement Servicer 
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each a "Servicer Termination Event"): 
(i) 
where the Issuer and the Servicer are not the same entity: 
(A) 
default is made by the Servicer in the payment on the due date of any payment due 
and payable by it under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and such default 
continues unremedied for a period of three Athens Business Days after the earlier of 
the Servicer becoming aware of such default and receipt by the Servicer of written 
notice from the Trustee requiring the same to be remedied; 
(B)  
default is made by the Servicer in the performance or observance of any of its other 
covenants and obligations under the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, which is 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and such default 
continues unremedied for a period of twenty Athens Business Days after the Servicer 
becoming aware of such default, PROVIDED THAT where the relevant default occurs 
as a result of a default by any person to whom the Servicer has sub-contracted or 
delegated part of its obligations hereunder, such default shall not constitute a Servicer 
Termination Event if, within such period of twenty Athens Business Days of 
awareness of such default by the Servicer, the Servicer terminates the relevant sub-
contracting or delegation arrangements and takes such steps as the Trustee may 
approve to remedy such default; or 
(C) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to the Servicer; or 
(ii) 
only where the Issuer and the Servicer are the same entity, the the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event (with the exception of an Issuer Insolvency Event) or an Event of Default, 
then at any time after the Trustee has received notice of any such Servicer Termination Event, the Trustee 
shall, and while such Servicer Termination Event continues, use its reasonable endeavours to, within a 
reasonable timeframe: 
(i) 
appoint an independent investment or commercial bank of international repute (the 
"Investment Bank") to select an entity to act as a Replacement Servicer, which entity shall 
be appointed as Replacement Servicer (the "Replacement Servicer"); and 
(ii) 
by notice in writing to the Servicer, terminate its appointment as Servicer under the Servicing 
and Cash Management Deed with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) 
specified in the notice. 
In the event that the Trustee does not appoint the Investment Bank or the Investment Bank does not select a 
Replacement Servicer or the Trustee does not appoint the entity selected by the Investment Bank to act as 
Replacement Servicer within a reasonable period of time, the Bank of Greece may appoint a Replacement 
Servicer or a special administrator or liquidator in respect of the Cover Pool Assets pursuant to the Greek 
Covered Bond Legislation. 
 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable):

--- Page 289 ---
289 
UK-#752978185v12 
(a) an order that is made by any competent court or authority or a resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) (other than for the purpose of 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); or 
 
(b) the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) ceases to carry on its business or substantially 
the whole of its business (other than for the purpose of amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); or 
(c) the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) stops payment or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay its debts as they fall due, or is to be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into 
any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally; or 
(d) a receiver, trustee or other similar official is appointed in relation to the Servicer or the Special 
Administrator (as applicable) or in relation to the whole or over half of the assets of the Servicer or 
the Special Administrator (as applicable), or an interim supervisor of the Servicer or the Special 
Administrator (as applicable) is appointed by the Bank of Greece or an encumbrancer takes possession 
of the whole or over half of the assets of the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable), or 
a distress or execution or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or a 
substantial part of the assets of the Servicer or the Special Administrator (as applicable) and in any of 
the foregoing cases it or he is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(e) a creditor’s collective enforcement procedure is commenced against the Servicer or the Special 
Administrator (as applicable) (as well as the appointment of a supervisor (in Greek epitropos) in 
accordance with article 137 of the Greek Banking Legislation or the placement under special 
liquidation in accordance with article 145 of the Greek Banking Legislation and any procedure under 
the Greek Bankruptcy Code); or 
(f) any action or step is taken which has a similar effect to the foregoing. 
 
"Greek Banking Legislation" means Greek Law 4261/2014 (published in the Government Gazette No. 
107/A/5-5-2014), as amended and currently in force. 
"Greek Bankruptcy Code" means Greek Law 3588/2007, as in force from time to time and Greek Law 
4738/2020, as amended and currently in force. 
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as servicer in any circumstances. 
 
Appointment of Special Administrator 
Upon the Trustee receiving notice in writing of the occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Trustee shall, 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, appoint in compliance with Article 21 
of the Covered Bond Law, a Credit Institution duly licensed to provide services in  Greece and which is willing 
to enter into an agreement substantially on the same terms as the relevant provisions of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed, provided that such entity meets the requirements of Article 21(4) of the Covered Bond 
Law, to act as special administrator (the “Special Administrator”). The appointment of the Special 
Administrator shall be subject to the consent of the Bank of Greece.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
UK-#752978185v12 
In the event that the Trustee does not appoint a Special Administrator within a reasonable period of time after 
occurrence of an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Bank of Greece may appoint, pursuant to Article 21(2) of the 
Covered Bond Law, a Special Administrator. 
The statutory duties of the Special Administrator, as set out in Article 21(3) of the Covered Bond Law are: 
(a) 
ensuring that the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds are met; 
(b) 
managing and liquidating the Cover Pool including, if there is an opportunity to do so, 
transferring the assets comprising the Cover Pool, together with the obligations under the 
Covered Bonds and any Hedging Agreements and/or other contractual obligations relating to 
the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool to another bank that is a covered bond issuer regulated 
in accordance with the Covered Bond Law and the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation; 
(c) 
ensuring that that any receipts or recoveries received in respect of the Cover Pool are made 
available to pay the obligations and liabilities arising under the Covered Bonds, the Hedging 
Agreements and any other obligations secured by the Statutory Pledge, in accordance with the 
terms of the Prospectus; and 
(d) 
carrying out the proper management of the assets comprising the Cover Pool, monitoring the 
Cover Pool to ensure that it continues to be sufficient to meet the liabilities and obligations 
arising under and in respect of the Covered Bonds and  the other Transaction Documents 
(including for these purposes monitoring the ongoing compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
Statutory Tests), initiation of proceedings in order to return to the Cover Pool from the 
insolvency estate of the Issuer any Cover Assets that have been removed from the Cover Pool 
to the insolvency estate of the Issuer; and following the redemption in full of all Covered 
Bonds and the satisfaction of all liabilities arising under or in respect of the Transaction 
Documents, to transfer to the Issuer (or its insolvency estate or as directed by any relevant 
resolution authority) all remaining assets in or representing the Cover Pool. 
In addition to the above duties, the Special Administrator shall carry out the obligations of the Servicer under 
the Servicing and Cash Management Deed or appoint a duly qualified third party to do so. If the Special 
Administrator appoints a third party to carry out the obligations of the Servicer, it shall monitor the 
performance of such third party and take reasonable steps to ensure that such third party complies with the 
provisions of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The Cover Pool 
The Issuer shall be entitled, subject to filing a Registration Statement so providing, to: 
(a) 
allocate to the Cover Pool Additional Cover Pool Assets for the purposes of issuing further Series of 
Covered Bonds and/or complying with the Statutory Tests and/or maintaining the initial rating(s) 
assigned to the Covered Bond provided that with respect to the allocation of New Asset Types in the 
Cover Pool, such Additional Cover Pool Assets that are of a New Asset Type comply with the 
requirements of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, the Rating Agencies have been notified in 
writing of such allocation and the risk weighting of the Covered Bonds will not be negatively affected; 
and 
(b) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an 
Issuer Event) and provided that no breach of any Statutory Test would occur as a result of such removal 
or substitution (i) remove Cover Pool Assets from the Cover Pool or (ii) substitute Cover Pool Assets 
with Additional Cover Pool Assets, provided that for any substitution with Additional Cover Pool

--- Page 291 ---
291 
UK-#752978185v12 
Assets which are New Asset Types, the Rating Agencies have been notified in writing of such removal 
or substitution and the Issuer may only allocate to the Cover Pool assets which comply with the 
requirements of the Greek Covered Bond Legislation. 
Following the appointment of a Special Administrator, the Special Administrator may initiate proceedings in 
order to return to the Cover Pool from the insolvency estate of the Issuer any Cover Pool Assets that have been 
removed from the Cover Pool to the insolvency estate of the Issuer. 
Any further assets added to the Cover Pool at the option of the Issuer in accordance with the above or by way 
of mandatory changes below shall form part of the Cover Pool. 
Sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following certain events 
In relation to any Pass-Through Covered Bonds and any relevant Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds with a Final 
Maturity Date falling within the next six months of the Refinance Date, the Issuer, or the Servicer acting in the 
name and on behalf of the Issuer, will be obliged, or the Trustee will be entitled, periodically to sell or attempt 
to sell Loans and their Related Security in the Cover Pool having the Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
(the "Selected Loans") on each Refinance Date in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 
subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to remove the Selected Loans from the Cover Pool.    
Any such sale and subsequent redemption of the respective Selected Loans may only be effected if such sale 
and redemption do not result in either one or both of the following: (a) a breach or, if a breach has already 
occurred and is continuing, a deterioration of the Amortisation Test and/or (b) a breach or, if a breach has 
already occurred and is continuing, a deterioration of any Statutory Test. 
Failure by the Issuer to sell the Selected Loans in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed 
will not constitute an Event of Default. 
Prior to the Servicer making any offer to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third parties and 
provided that no Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Servicer will serve on the Issuer 
a loan offer notice in the form set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed (a "Selected Loan Offer 
Notice") giving the Issuer the right to prevent the sale by the Servicer of the Selected Loans to third parties, by 
removing the Selected Loans made subject to sale from the Cover Pool and transferring an amount equal to the 
then Outstanding Principal Balance of the Selected Loans and all arrears of interest and accrued interest 
relating to such Selected Loans to the Transaction Account. 
If the Issuer validly accepts the Servicer’s offer to remove the Selected Loans and their Related Security from 
the Cover Pool by signing the duplicate Selected Loan Offer Notice in a manner indicating acceptance and 
delivering it to the Servicer within ten Athens Business Days from and including the date of the Selected Loan 
Offer Notice, the Servicer shall within three Athens Business Days of receipt of such acceptance, serve a 
selected loan removal notice on the Issuer in the form set out in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed (a 
"Selected Loan Removal Notice"). 
The Servicer shall offer for sale the Selected Loans and their Related Security in respect of which the Issuer 
rejects or fails within the requisite time limit to accept the Servicer’s offer to remove the Loans and their 
Related Security form the Cover Pool in the manner and on the terms set out in the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed. 
Upon receipt of the Selected Loan Removal Notice duly signed on behalf of the Servicer, the Issuer shall (i) 
promptly sign and return a duplicate copy of the Selected Loan Removal Notice, (ii) deliver to the Servicer 
and the Trustee a solvency certificate stating that the Issuer is, at such time, solvent and (iii) will remove from 
the Cover Pool the relevant Selected Loans (and any other Loan secured or intended to be secured by that 
Related Security or any part of it) referred to in the relevant Selected Loan Removal Notice. Completion of

--- Page 292 ---
292 
UK-#752978185v12 
the removal of the Selected Loans by the Issuer will take place on the next Calculation Date occurring after 
receipt by the Issuer of the Selected Loan Removal Notice or such other date as the Servicer may direct in the 
Selected Loan Removal Notice (provided that such date is not later than the earlier to occur of the date which 
is (a) ten Athens Business Days after receipt by the Servicer of the returned Selected Loan Removal Notice and 
(b) the Final Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds) when the Issuer shall pay to the 
Transaction Account an amount in cash equal to the price specified in the relevant Selected Loan Removal 
Notice. 
On the date of completion of the removal of the Selected Loans and their Related Security in accordance with 
the above, the Issuer shall ensure that the Selected Loans are removed from the Registration Statement. 
Upon such completion of the removal of the Selected Loans and their Related Security in accordance with 
above or the sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security to a third party or third parties, the Issuer shall 
cease to be under any further obligation to hold any Customer Files or other documents relating to the Selected 
Loans and their Related Security to the order of the Trustee and, if the Trustee holds such Customer Files or 
other documents, it will send them to the Issuer at the cost of the Issuer. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time after an Issuer Event that is continuing, the Series 
of Covered Bonds (other than any Series which is fully collateralised by amounts standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account) that has or have the earliest Final Maturity Date to occur after such Issuer Event as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Method of Sale of Selected Loans 
If the Servicer is required to sell Selected Loans and their Related Security to third-party purchasers due to 
any of the circumstances described above, the Servicer will be required to ensure that before offering Selected 
Loans for sale: 
(a) 
the Selected Loans have been selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis; and 
(b) 
the Selected Loans have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance (subject in the case of Loans 
denominated in a currency other than Euro to the Euro Equivalent thereof as determined in accordance 
with the relevant FX Rate Swap Agreement) in an amount (the "Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount") which is as close as possible to the amount calculated as follows: 
 
where “N” is an amount equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount of all Pass-
Through Covered Bonds and/or all Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds with a Final Maturity Date 
falling within the next 6 months of the relevant Refinance Date less amounts standing to the credit of 
the Transaction Account (other than amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account 
representing part of the balance standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) and the 
principal amount of any Substitution Assets, Marketable Assets or Liquid Assets (other than Liquid 
Assets representing part of the balance standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger) 
(excluding all amounts to be applied on the next following Programme Payment Date to repay higher 
ranking amounts in the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments, those amounts that are required to 
repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature prior to the next Programme Payment Date and 
those amounts provided for in respect of any Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds in accordance with 
paragraph (f) of the Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments).

--- Page 293 ---
293 
UK-#752978185v12 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Required Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the amount 
calculated as follows: 
 
(1 + Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds/360)); 
Where: "Negative Carry Factor" is a percentage calculated by reference to the weighted average 
margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, not be less than 0.50 per cent. and “days to 
maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds” refers to days to the Final Maturity Date in 
respect of any Series of Covered Bonds which are not Pass-Through Covered Bonds and, in respect 
of any Pass-Through Covered Bonds, refers to days to the next following Programme Payment Date. 
"Euro Equivalent" means, relation to a Series of Covered Bonds which is denominated in (a) a 
currency other than Euro, the Euro Equivalent of such amount ascertained using the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Rate (if applicable) relating to such Series of Covered Bonds and (b) Euro, the applicable 
amount in Euro. 
The Servicer will offer the Selected Loans for sale to third parties for the best price reasonably available but, 
in any event, for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. The Servicer may not 
at any time sell or offer for sale the Selected Loans for an amount that is less than the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount. If an offer has been received by the Servicer in respect of only some Selected Loans, the 
Servicer may accept such offer provided that those Selected Loans offered for sale are selected on a Random 
Basis and may not be sold for an amount that is less than the amount in EUR equal to the product of (x) the 
original Adjusted Required Redemption Amount and (y) the Selected Loans Balance, and provided further 
that such partial sale does not result in a breach (or, if a breach has already occurred and is continuing, a 
deterioration) of either one or both of (a) the Statutory Tests and/or, as applicable (b) the Amortisation 
Test.  For these purposes, "Selected Loans Balance"   means the result of the fraction of which the numerator 
is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of those Selected Loans for which an offer has been obtained 
and the denominator is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original Selected Loans (subject, 
in each case, to Loans denominated in a currency other than Euro first being converted to the Euro Equivalent 
thereof as determined in accordance with the relevant FX Rate Swap Agreement). 
The "Adjusted Required Redemption Amount" means the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption 
Amount,  
(i) 
plus or minus any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds less (where applicable) the principal 
balance of any Marketable Assets and Liquid Assets (excluding all amounts to be applied on the next 
following Programme Payment Date to pay or repay higher ranking amounts in the Pre-Event of 
Default Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds 
which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds); and plus or minus; 
(ii) 
any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Issuer under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement or 
an FX Rate Swap Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; plus 
(iii) 
reasonable costs and expenses associated with the sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security 
and the reasonable costs and expenses of the portfolio manager connected with the sale of Selected 
Loans and their Related Security.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Servicer will as soon as possible and in any event within one calendar month of a Refinance Date appoint 
a portfolio manager of recognised standing on a basis intended to incentivise the portfolio manager to achieve 
the best price for the sale of the Selected Loans (if such terms are commercially available in the market) and 
to advise it in relation to the sale of the Selected Loans to third party purchasers (except where the Issuer 
exercises its right of pre-emption).  
In respect of any sale of Selected Loans and their Related Security following a Refinance Date, the Servicer 
will instruct the portfolio manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Loans are sold as 
quickly as reasonably practicable (in accordance with the recommendations of the portfolio manager) taking 
into account the market conditions at that time and, where relevant, the scheduled repayment dates of the 
Covered Bonds and the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. In the event that the Selected 
Loans cannot be sold at the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount as quickly as reasonably practicable 
following a Refinance Date, the Servicer will instruct the portfolio manager to do so on the next Refinance 
Date or as quickly as reasonably practicable thereafter (in accordance with the recommendations of the 
portfolio manager) taking into account the market conditions at that time and, where relevant, the scheduled 
repayment dates of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The Trustee, or its authorised attorney, will not be required to release the Selected Loans and their Related 
Security from the Registration Statement unless the conditions for Security release under applicable law (other 
than the Statutory Pledge) are satisfied. 
Following a Refinance Date, if third parties accept the offer or offers from the Servicer so that some or all of 
the Selected Loans shall be sold, then the Servicer will, subject to the foregoing paragraph, enter into a sale 
and purchase agreement with the relevant third-party purchasers which will require, inter alia, a cash payment 
to the Transaction Account from the relevant third party purchasers. Any such sale will not include any 
representations and warranties from the Servicer or the Issuer in respect of the Loans and their Related Security 
unless expressly agreed by the Servicer. 
Amendment to definitions 
Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the definitions of Cover 
Pool, Cover Pool Asset, Eligibility Criteria, Statutory Test and Amortisation Test may be amended by the 
Issuer from time to time, subject to Greek Covered Bond Legislation, without the consent of the Trustee only 
as a consequence of the inclusion in the Cover Pool of a New Asset Type and/or changes to the hedging policies 
or servicing and collection provedures of the Issuer and/or as a result of any updates, amendments supplements 
or replacements to the Greek Covered Bond Legislation, provided that the Rating Agencies have been notified 
in writing of such amendment. 
Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
 
The Issuer has covenanted that: 
 
(a) 
it has established and shall maintain the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger;  
 
(b) 
it will credit to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger (without double counting): 
 
(i) 
any amount deposited into the Transaction Account; and 
 
(ii) 
the value of any Liquid Assets,   
 
in each case to the extent so deposited into the Transaction Account or acquired for the purposes of satisfying 
the requirements of Article 18 of the Covered Bond Law, provided that the assets referred to in paragraphs (i)

--- Page 295 ---
295 
UK-#752978185v12 
and (ii) above shall not be treated as being credited to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger if such assets are 
not subject at all times to security granted in favour of the Trustee for the purposes of securing the Secured 
Obligations, or a default has occurred in relation thereto pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR or such assets 
have been in default for a period exceeding ninety (90) days;   
 
(c) 
it  shall debit the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger in respect of any amounts withdrawn from the 
Transaction Account (to the extent previously credited to the balance of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger in accordance with paragraph (b)(i) above) or representing the value of Liquid Assets that 
have been disposed of (to the extent previously recorded to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger in 
accordance with paragraph (b)(ii) above) save to the extent that such amounts are used to purchase 
Liquid Assets or deposited in the Transaction Account and credited to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger in accordance with clause 4.4(b) above; and 
 
(d) 
for the purpose of ensuring that the Cover Pool includes assets covering at least the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger Required Amount, Liquid Assets, including a deposit in the Transaction Account, 
shall be counted towards satisfaction of the requirement to hold the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger 
Required Amount and any Liquid Assets held as part of the Cover Pool other than for such purpose 
shall not count towards the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger Required Amount. 
 
Prior to the occurrence of a Segregation Event or an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is 
not also an Issuer Event), the Issuer will be entitled to withdraw amounts from time to time standing to the 
credit of the Transaction Account, if any, that are in excess of the sum of (i) any cash amounts required to 
satisfy the Statutory Tests and (ii) the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger Required Amount. Following the 
occurrence of a Segregation Event, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to withdraw monies from the 
Transaction Account other than for purposes of making payments in accordance with the Pre-Event of Default 
Priority of Payments. If the Issuer rating(s) are reinstated above the level at which a Segregation Event occurs, 
and so long as no Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an Issuer Event), has 
occurred, then the Issuer will be entitled from time to time to withdraw amounts standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Account equal to the amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account which are in excess 
of the sum of (i) any cash amounts required to satisfy the Statutory Tests and (ii) the Liquidity Buffer Reserve 
Ledger Required Amount. 
 
The Issuer must ensure that at each Cover Pool Payment Date, the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Reserve Ledger is at least equal to the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger Required Amount as calculated 
in accordance the Servicing and Cash Management Deed. 
The Servicer may only invest monies standing from time to time to the credit of the Transaction Account in 
Substitution Assets, Marketable Assets or Liquid Assets subject to the terms of the Servicing and Cash 
Management Deed.  
 
“Liquidity Buffer Minimum Required Amount” means, on each Calculation Date: 
 
(a) 
before the occurrence of a Segregation Event, zero; or 
(b) 
after the occurrence of a Segregation Event, the sum of (i) the amount of interest due on all Series 
of Covered Bonds over the next six months (calculated on a rolling basis), and (ii) the amounts 
due over the next six months under paragraphs (a) to (e) (both inclusive) of the Pre-Event of 
Default Priority of Payments (without double counting) 
"Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger Required Amount" means an amount equal to the higher of:

--- Page 296 ---
296 
UK-#752978185v12 
(a) 
the Liquidity Buffer Minimum Required Amount; and 
(b) 
an amount calculated as at each Calculation Date equal to the maximum cumulative net liquidity 
outflow of the Programme (including all payment outflows falling due on such day, taking into 
account principal and interest payments and payments under any Hedging Agreements, net of all 
payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover Pool Assets) over 
the next one hundred and eighty (180) days following such Calculation Date, provided that for 
the purposes of calculating the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflows, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date (where applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date 
“Liquidity Buffer Reserve Withdrawal Amount” means on each Programme Payment Date following 
an Issuer Event (or, if any Covered Bonds become Pass-Through Covered Bonds, on each Programme 
Payment Date in the period during which there is any Principal Amount Outstanding on any Pass-Through 
Covered Bonds) but prior to the delivery of a Notice of Default, a drawing from the Liquidity Buffer 
Reserve Ledger to be applied as Covered Bonds Available Funds in accordance with the Pre-Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, if and to the extent that there are insufficient Covered Bonds Available Funds 
to make payment of the amounts referred to in sub-paragraph (i) below on the relevant Programme Payment 
Date, in an amount equal to the lesser of: 
 
(i) 
the amount required for payment in full of paragraphs (a) to (e) (inclusive) of the Pre-Event 
of Default Priority of Payments (without double counting) on the relevant Programme 
Payment Date and if the Extended Final Maturity Date of any Series of Covered Bonds 
falls on or after such Programme Payment Date but before the next Programme Payment 
Date, the amount required to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series 
of Covered Bonds; and  
(ii) 
the amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Reserve Ledger on the relevant 
Programme Date.  
Third Party Collection Account 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed provides that the Issuer must, immediately upon the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an Issuer Event), open the Third Party 
Collection Account and the Issuer undertakes to procure that such Third Party Collection Account will either 
bear annotation of the Statutory Pledge or be subject to a first ranking Security Interest in favour of the Trustee 
on behalf of the Secured Creditors and not to knowingly create or permit to subsist any Security Interest in 
relation to the Third Party Collection Account other than such annotation in respect of the Statutory Pledge or 
such Security Interest in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the Secured Creditors as permitted pursuant to 
Articles 14 and 17 of the Covered Bond Law.  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event (if the same is not also an Issuer 
Event), the Servicer shall, in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, and the 
Trustee is entitled in its absolute discretion to, provide notification to all Borrowers and their guarantors (if 
applicable) that any and all future payments due under the Loan Assets are henceforth to be effected directly 
to the Third Party Collection Account. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Servicing and Cash Management Deed is governed by English law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement

--- Page 297 ---
297 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Issuer has appointed the Asset Monitor to monitor the Cover Pool in accordance with the requirements of 
Article 15 of the Covered Bond Law and Section I of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. 
The board of directors of the Issuer passed a board resolution to appoint the Asset Monitor to perform such role 
on 21 September 2023. 
Under the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor is required to maintain its status as a chartered 
accountant and to be both independent of the credit institution issuing the covered bonds and of the chartered 
accountant who performs the statutory audit of the Issuer under Article 7 of Greek Law 4449/2017. The Asset 
Monitor is required to notify both the Issuer and the Bank of Greece should it cease to meet these requirements. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement requires the Asset Monitor to monitor the Cover Pool to check whether it meets 
the requirements set out in Articles 8 to 14 and Articles 16 to 19 of the Covered Bond Law, as well the provisions 
of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation. The Asset Monitor Agreement also requires the Asset Monitor to 
monitor the Amortisation Test, if the Amortisation Test is then required to be performed in accordance with the 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed. The Issuer and the Servicer shall provide the Asset Monitor with access 
to all information, documents, facilities, premises, employees, agents and systems as the Asset Monitor 
reasonably requires for the performance of the Asset Monitor's duties. 
If, at any time while there are Covered Bonds outstanding, the Asset Monitor finds that the requirements set out 
in articles 8 to 14 and 16 to 19 of the Covered Bond Law and/or the requirements of the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation relating to those articles, are not met, the Asset Monitor will immediately notify the Issuer of 
such findings. 
The Asset Monitor will report to the Issuer and the Bank of Greece in accordance with the requirements of the 
Greek Covered Bond Legislation as to the results of its monitoring of the Cover Pool on a quarterly basis. 
In addition, the Asset Monitor has agreed to carry out the determinations and procedures provided for in Article 
15 of the Covered Bond Law. 
The Asset Monitor will deliver a report, as soon as reasonably practicable after each Applicable Calculation 
Date falling in April, July and October, on its determinations in relation to the Statutory Tests and other matters 
required to be monitored in accordance with paragraph 2.1 of Section I of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered 
Bond Legislation (the "Quarterly Asset Monitor Report"). The Asset Monitor will report on an annual basis 
in accordance with paragraph 2.2 of Section I of Chapter III of the Secondary Covered Bond Legislation (the 
"Asset Monitor Report"). The Asset Monitor Report must be prepared by the Asset Monitor in relation to the 
annual period ending on 31st December in each calendar year. Each Asset Monitor Report will be sent to the 
Bank of Greece on an annual basis by no later than 31 March in each calendar year or as otherwise required by 
the Bank of Greece from time to time. The Asset Monitor acknowledges that each Quarterly Asset Monitor 
Report will be sent to the Bank of Greece, if requested, on a quarterly basis as soon as is reasonably practicable 
after each Applicable Calculation Date falling in April, July, and October of each year or as otherwise required 
by the Bank of Greece from time to time. 
The Asset Monitor shall also perform such additional calculations and tests as may be required by the Bank of 
Greece from time to time, subject to the Asset Monitor and the Servicer agreeing on the adjusted scope of the 
agreed upon procedures for such additional calculations or tests, which shall be set out in the relevant Quarterly 
Asset Monitor Report. 
The Issuer or the Servicer, as applicable, will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee for the tests to be performed by 
the Asset Monitor. 
The Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Replacement Servicer 
or the Special Administrator respectively) may, at any time, but subject to the prior written consent of the 
Trustee, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving at least 30 days’ prior written notice to the

--- Page 298 ---
298 
UK-#752978185v12 
Asset Monitor, provided that such termination may not be effected unless and until a replacement asset monitor 
has been found by the Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Special Administrator) (such 
replacement to be approved by the Trustee (such approval to be given if the replacement is an accountancy 
firm of international standing)) which agrees to perform the duties of the Asset Monitor set out in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement (or substantially similar duties). Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event, the Issuer may 
not provide a notice of termination to the Asset Monitor unless such termination has been approved by a 
resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer.  
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 90 days’ prior written notice to the Issuer and 
the Trustee (copied to the Rating Agencies), and may resign by giving immediate notice in the event of a 
professional conflict of interest caused by the action of any recipient of its reports. 
Upon the Asset Monitor giving prior written notice of resignation, the Issuer (or following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event, the Replacement Servicer or the Special Administrator 
respectively) shall immediately use all reasonable endeavours to appoint a replacement (such replacement to 
be approved by the Trustee (such approval to be given if the replacement is an accountancy firm of international 
standing)) which agrees to perform the duties of the Asset Monitor set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. No 
resignation shall be effective unless and until a replacement asset monitor is appointed. The Asset Monitor 
undertakes to cooperate and consult with and assist the Issuer, the Trustee and the replacement Asset Monitor 
and to provide all relevant information and documentation required to ensure an orderly transition of the Asset 
Monitor role to the replacement Asset Monitor. If a replacement asset monitor is not appointed by the date 
which falls 30 days prior to the date when tests are to be carried out in accordance with the terms of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, then the Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event, 
the Replacement Servicer or the Special Administrator respectively) shall use all reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an accountancy firm of national standing to carry out the relevant tests on a one off basis, provided 
that such appointment is approved by the Trustee. Subject to the above requirement being met in relation to 
any such replacement, the Issuer (or after the occurrence of an Issuer Event or an Issuer Insolvency Event, the 
Replacement Servicer or the Special Administrator respectively) shall be obliged to appoint that replacement. 
The Trustee will not be obliged to act as Asset Monitor in any circumstances. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Greek Law. 
Trust Deed 
The Trust Deed made between the Issuer and the Trustee on the Programme Closing Date appoints the Trustee 
to act as the bondholders representative. As such, the Trustee will act as a representative in accordance with 
Article 14(3) of the Covered Bond Law. The Trust Deed contains provisions relating to, inter alia: 
(a) 
the constitution of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as more 
fully set out under Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds above); 
(b) 
the covenants of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the enforcement procedures relating to the Covered Bonds; and 
(d) 
the appointment powers and responsibilities of the Trustee and the circumstances in which the 
Trustee may resign or be removed. 
Law and Jurisdiction

--- Page 299 ---
299 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Trust Deed is governed by English law. 
Agency Agreement 
Under the terms of an Agency Agreement entered into on the Programme Closing Date between the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (together with any paying agent appointed from time to time under the 
Agency Agreement, the "Paying Agents"), the Transfer Agent and the Registrar (as amended and/or restated 
from time to time) (the "Agency Agreement"), the Paying Agents have agreed to provide the Issuer with 
certain agency services and have agreed, inter alia, to make available for inspection such documents as may 
be required from time to time by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to arrange for the 
publication of any notice to be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
For the purposes of Condition 5.2(b)(ii) (Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions - Rate of Interest - Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) of the Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
provides that if the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) is not available or if, no offered quotation appears or if fewer than three offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR (the "Specified Time")), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall request each of the reference banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the reference rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the reference banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
For the purposes of Condition 5.2(b)(ii) (Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions - Rate of Interest - Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) of the Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
also provides that if on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the reference banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the reference banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the reference rate 
by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the reference rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the reference banks provide the Principal Paying Agent 
with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the reference rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the reference 
rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the reference rate 
is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Clause, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
Law and Jurisdiction

--- Page 300 ---
300 
UK-#752978185v12 
The Agency Agreement is governed by English law. 
For the purposes of this section "Agency Agreement" any capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds above. 
Deed of Charge 
Pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge entered into on the Programme Closing Date by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the other Secured Creditors (as supplemented, amended and/or restated from time to time), the 
Secured Obligations of the Issuer and all other obligations of the Issuer under or pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party are secured, inter alia, by the following security over the following property, 
assets and rights (the "Deed of Charge Security"): 
(a) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security or first fixed charge (as the case may be) over all of the 
Issuer’s interests, rights and entitlements under and in respect of any Transaction Document to which 
the Issuer is a party and all other contracts, documents, agreements and deeds to which it is, or may 
become, a party; 
(b) 
a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a floating charge) over the rights and benefits of the 
Bank Accounts and all amounts standing to the credit of the Bank Accounts; and 
(c) 
a first fixed charge (which may take effect as a floating charge) over the rights and benefits of the 
Issuer in respect of all Substitution Assets, Marketable Assets and Liquid Assets (to the extent 
governed by English law) purchased from time to time from amounts standing to the credit of any Issuer 
Account. 
In addition, to secure its obligations under the Covered Bonds the Issuer has, pursuant to Article 14(2) of the 
Covered Bond Law, created a pledge over the Cover Pool (which consists principally of the Issuer’s interest 
in the Loan Assets and certain Liquid Assets). The Deed of Charge also provides that (other than in certain 
limited circumstances) only the Trustee may enforce the security created under the Deed of Charge or Article 
14(2) and (6) of the Covered Bond Law. The proceeds of any such enforcement of the Deed of Charge or 
Article 14(2) and (6) of the Covered Bond Law will be required to be applied in accordance with the order of 
priority set out in the Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
The Trustee shall at all times be a credit institution (or an affiliated company of a credit institution) that is 
entitled to provide services in the European Economic Area in accordance with Article 5(27) of the Covered 
Bond Law (an "EEA Credit Institution"). If at any time the Trustee ceases to be an EEA Credit Institution, it 
will notify the Issuer immediately and take all steps necessary to find a replacement Trustee that is an EEA 
Credit Institution. 
Release of Security 
In accordance with the terms of the Deed of Charge all amounts which the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer 
and the Trustee or its appointee) is permitted to withdraw from the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms 
of the Deed of Charge will be released from the Deed of Charge Security. In addition, upon the Issuer or the 
Servicer making a disposal of Liquid Assets, Substitution Assets or Marketable Assets (to the extent governed 
by English law) charged under the Deed of Charge and provided that the proceeds of such disposal are paid 
into the Transaction Account in accordance with the terms of the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, such 
Liquid Assets, Substitution Assets or Marketable Assets (to the extent governed by English law) will be 
released from the Deed of Charge Security.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
UK-#752978185v12 
At such time that all of the obligations owing by the Issuer to the Secured Creditors have been discharged in 
full, the Trustee will, at the cost of the Issuer, take whatever action is necessary to release the Charged Property 
from the Deed of Charge Security to, or to the order of, the Issuer. 
Enforcement 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall be entitled to appoint a Receiver, and/or enforce 
the Deed of Charge Security constituted by the Deed of Charge, and/or take such steps as it shall deem 
necessary, subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. All proceeds received 
by the Trustee from the enforcement of the Deed of Charge Security will be applied in accordance with the 
Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
Some of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool will pay from time to time a variable rate of interest for a period 
of time that may either be linked to the standard variable rate of the Issuer (the "Issuer Standard Variable 
Rate") or linked to an interest rate other than the Issuer Standard Variable Rate, such as EURIBOR or a rate 
that tracks the ECB base rate. Other Loan Assets will pay a fixed rate of interest for a period of time. However, 
the Euro payments to be made by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds or under each of the Covered Bond 
Swaps may vary. To provide a hedge against the possible variance between: 
(a) 
the rates of interest payable on the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool; and 
(b) 
payments by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Swaps, 
the Issuer, the provider of the Interest Rate Swaps (each such provider, an "Interest Rate Swap Provider") 
and the Trustee may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions in respect of each Series of Covered 
Bonds under an "Interest Rate Swap Agreement" (each such transaction an "Interest Rate Swap"). 
Under the terms of each Interest Rate Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or any guarantor of the Interest Rate Swap Provider’s obligations is downgraded by a Rating Agency 
below the rating specified in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the published criteria of the 
Rating Agency), the Interest Rate Swap Provider may, in accordance with the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which are consistent with the then published criteria 
of the Rating Agency and which may include providing collateral for its obligations under the Interest Rate 
Swaps, arranging for its obligations under the Interest Rate Swaps to be transferred to an entity with appropriate 
ratings, procuring another entity with the appropriate ratings to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of 
its obligations under the Interest Rate Swaps (such guarantee to be provided in accordance with the then-current 
guarantee criteria of the Rating Agency), or taking such other action as it may agree with the relevant Rating 
Agency. A failure to take such steps within the periods set out in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
may, subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with any 
other events of default and termination events set out in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each referred to as 
an "Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event"), which may include: 
• 
at the option of any party to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to 
make timely payments of any amounts due under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 302 ---
302 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Interest 
Rate Swap Provider’s obligations, or the merger of the Interest Rate Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
Upon the termination of an Interest Rate Swap pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event, the 
Issuer or the Interest Rate Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in 
accordance with the provisions of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. The amount of this termination payment 
will be calculated and made in Euro. Any termination payment made by the Interest Rate Swap Provider to the 
Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay 
a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Interest Rate Swap with the Issuer, 
unless a replacement Interest Rate Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the Issuer. Any premium 
received by the Issuer from a replacement Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of a replacement Interest 
Rate Swap will first be used to make any termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to 
the previous Interest Rate Swap, unless such termination payment has already been made on behalf of the 
Issuer. Any tax credits received by the Issuer in respect of an Interest Rate Swap will first be used to reimburse 
the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider for any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and 
wherever imposed) made under the relevant Interest Rate Swap. 
If a withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider to the Issuer under the Interest Rate Swaps, the Interest Rate Swap Provider shall always be 
obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the amount which 
would have been received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. If a withholding or deduction for 
or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the Interest Rate Swap Provider under 
the Interest Rate Swaps, the Issuer shall not be obliged to gross up those payments. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Interest Rate Swap Provider directly 
and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of each of the Rating 
Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions.  
If the Issuer is required to sell Selected Loans in the Cover Pool following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
or otherwise then, to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
require that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans partially terminate to the 
extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans and any breakage costs payable by or to the 
Issuer in connection with such termination will, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, be taken 
into account in calculating the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the sale of the Selected 
Loans; or 
(b) 
request that the Interest Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans be partially novated to 
the purchaser of such Fixed Rate Loans to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate 
Loans, such that each purchaser of Selected Loans will thereby become party to a separate interest rate 
swap transaction with the Interest Rate Swap Provider. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
Each Interest Rate Swap Agreement (and each Interest Rate Swap thereunder) will be governed by English 
law.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
UK-#752978185v12 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into one or more covered bond swap transactions with one or more Covered Bond Swap 
Providers and the Trustee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds (each such transaction a "Covered Bond 
Swap"). Each Covered Bond Swap may be either a Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap or a Non-Forward 
Starting Covered Bond Swap and each will constitute the sole Transaction under a single "Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement" (such Covered Bond Swap Agreements, together, the "Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements"). 
Each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge (after the occurrence of an Issuer Event) 
against certain interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer in respect 
of the Loans and any relevant Interest Rate Swaps and FX Rate Swaps and amounts payable by the Issuer in 
respect of the Covered Bonds ("Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap"). 
Each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge against certain interest rate, currency 
and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer in respect of the Loans and any relevant Interest 
Rate Swaps and FX Rate Swaps and amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds ("Non-
Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap"). 
Where required to hedge such risks, there may be one (or more) Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s) and 
Covered Bond Swap(s) in relation to each Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds (such Covered 
Bond Swap Agreements, together, the "Covered Bond Swap Agreements"). 
Under the Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer on 
each Interest Payment Date, after the occurrence of an Issuer Event, an amount equal to the relevant portion 
of the amounts that are payable by the Issuer in respect of interest and principal payable in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. In return, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will 
periodically pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount in Euro calculated by reference to EURIBOR 
plus a spread and, where relevant, the EuroEquivalent of the relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid 
in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer (or the Servicer 
on its behalf) will, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, pay to the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amount received by the Issuer in respect 
of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds and in return the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Issuer the Euro Equivalent of the first-mentioned amount. 
Thereafter, and where the Covered Bonds are denominated in Euro, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay 
to the Issuer on each Interest Payment Date an amount equal to the relevant portion of the amounts that are 
payable by the Issuer in respect of interest and principal payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. In return, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will periodically pay to the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider an amount in Euros calculated by reference to EURIBOR plus a spread and, where relevant, 
the Euro Equivalent of the relevant portion of any principal due to be repaid in respect of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Under the terms of each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap and each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond 
Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider’s obligations is downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating specified in the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the Rating Agency), the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider may, in accordance with the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, be required to 
take certain remedial measures which are consistent with the then published criteria of the Rating Agency and 
which may include providing collateral for its obligations under the Covered Bond Swap, arranging for its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Swap to be transferred to an entity with the appropriate ratings, procuring

--- Page 304 ---
304 
UK-#752978185v12 
another entity with the appropriate ratings to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Swap Agreement (such guarantee to be provided in accordance with the then-current 
guarantee criteria of the Rating Agency), or taking such other action as it may agree with the relevant Rating 
Agency. In addition, if the net exposure of the Issuer against the Covered Bond Swap Provider under the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap exceeds the threshold specified in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 
the Covered Bond Swap Provider may be required to provide collateral for its obligations. A failure to take 
such steps within the time periods set out in the Covered Bond Swap Agreement may, subject to certain 
conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate the Covered Bond Swap. 
A Covered Bond Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with any 
other events of default and termination events set out in the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement (each 
referred to as a "Covered Bond Swap Early Termination Event"), which may include: 
(a) 
at the option of any party to the Covered Bond Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party 
to make timely payments of any amounts due under such Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the Covered Bond Swap Provider or any guarantor of the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider’s obligations, or the merger of the Covered Bond Swap Provider without 
an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement. 
Upon the termination of a Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer or the Covered Bond Swap Provider may be liable 
to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be calculated and made in Euro. Any 
termination payment made by the Covered Bond Swap Provider to the Issuer in respect of a Covered Bond 
Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay a replacement Covered Bond Swap 
Provider to enter into a replacement Covered Bond Swap with the Issuer, unless a replacement Covered Bond 
Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the Issuer. Any premium received by the Issuer from a 
replacement Covered Bond Swap Provider in respect of a replacement Covered Bond Swap will first be used 
to make any termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous Covered Bond 
Swap, unless such termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Issuer. Any tax credits received 
by the Issuer in respect of a Covered Bond Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Provider for any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes. Duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and wherever imposed) made 
under the relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the Covered Bond Swap Provider directly 
and not via the Priorities of Payments. 
If withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Covered Bond 
Swap Provider to the Issuer under a Covered Bond Swap, the Covered Bond Swap Provider shall always be 
obliged to gross up those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the amount which 
would have been received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. If withholding or deduction for or 
on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the Covered Bond Swap Provider under a 
Covered Bond Swap, the Issuer shall not be obliged to gross up those payments. 
The Covered Bond Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of each of the 
Rating Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. 
In the event that the Covered Bonds are redeemed and/or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions, the Covered Bond Swap(s) in connection with such Covered Bonds will terminate or partially

--- Page 305 ---
305 
UK-#752978185v12 
terminate, as the case may be. Any breakage costs payable by or to the Issuer in connection with such 
termination may be taken into account in calculating: 
(a) 
the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the sale of Selected Loans; and 
(b) 
the purchase price to be paid for any Covered Bonds purchased by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 7.7 (Redemption and Purchase - Purchases). 
Law and Jurisdiction 
Each Covered Bond Swap Agreement (and each Covered Bond Swap thereunder) will be governed by English 
law. 
FX Rate Swap Agreements 
Some of the Loan Assets in the Cover Pool may be denominated in a currency other than Euro and will either 
pay a variable rate of interest for a period of time that may either be linked to a specified interest rate or a rate 
that tracks a specific base rate or will pay a fixed rate of interest for a period of time. As noted above, the Issuer 
will make payments to each Covered Bond Swap Provider in Euro. To provide a hedge against the possible 
variance between: 
(a) 
the currency of the relevant Loan Assets and the rates of interest payable on such Loan Assets in the 
Cover Pool; and 
(b) 
the Euro payments to be made by the Issuer under the Covered Bond Swaps, 
the Issuer, the provider of the FX rate swap (each such provider, an "FX Rate Swap Provider")) and the 
Trustee may enter into one or more FX swap transactions in respect of the Loans in the Cover Pool which are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro under one or more FX rate swap agreements (each, an "FX Rate 
Swap Agreement" and each such transaction an "FX Rate Swap"). 
Under the terms of each FX Rate Swap, in the event that the relevant rating of the FX Rate Swap Provider or 
any guarantor of the FX Rate Swap Provider's obligations is downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating 
specified in the relevant FX Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the Rating Agency) 
for the FX Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of the FX Rate Swap Provider's obligations, the FX Rate Swap 
Provider may, in accordance with the FX Rate Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures 
which are consistent with the then published criteria of the Rating Agency and which may include providing 
collateral for its obligations in respect of the FX Rate Swaps, arranging for its obligations under the FX Rate 
Swaps to be transferred to an entity with the appropriate ratings, procuring another entity with the appropriate 
ratings to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the FX Rate Swaps (such guarantee 
to be provided in accordance with then current guarantee criteria of the Rating Agency), or taking such other 
action as it may agree with the relevant Rating Agency. A failure to take such steps within the periods set out 
in the relevant FX Rate Swap Agreement may, subject to certain conditions, allow the Issuer to terminate the 
FX Rate Swap Agreement. 
A FX Rate Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, together with any other 
events of default and termination events set out in the relevant FX Rate Swap Agreement (each referred to as 
an "FX Swap Early Termination Event"), which may include: 
• 
at the option of any party to the FX Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to make 
timely payments of any amounts due under the FX Rate Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 306 ---
306 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the FX Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of the FX Rate 
Swap Provider's obligations, or the merger of the FX Rate Swap Provider without an assumption of its 
obligations under the FX Rate Swap Agreement. 
Upon the termination of a FX Rate Swap pursuant to an FX Swap Early Termination Event, the Issuer or the 
FX Rate Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant FX Rate Swap Agreement. The amount of this termination payment will be 
calculated and made in Euro. Any termination payment made by the FX Rate Swap Provider to the Issuer in 
respect of an FX Rate Swap will first be used (prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event) to pay a replacement 
FX Rate Swap Provider to enter into a replacement FX Rate Swap with the Issuer, unless a replacement FX 
Rate Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the Issuer. Any premium received by the Issuer from a 
replacement FX Rate Swap Provider in respect of a replacement FX Rate Swap will first be used to make any 
termination payment due and payable by the Issuer with respect to the previous FX Rate Swap, unless such 
termination payment has already been made on behalf of the Issuer. Any tax credits received by the Issuer in 
respect of a FX Rate Swap will first be used to reimburse the relevant FX Rate Swap Provider for any gross-
up in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (and wherever imposed) made under the relevant FX 
Rate Swap. 
If a withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed on payments made by the FX Rate Swap 
Provider to the Issuer under the FX Rate Swaps, the FX Rate Swap Provider shall always be obliged to gross-
up those payments so that the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the amount which would have been 
received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. If a withholding or deduction for or on account of 
taxes is imposed on payments made by the Issuer to the FX Rate Swap Provider under the FX Rate Swaps, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to gross-up those payments. 
The FX Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant FX Rate 
Swap Agreement to a transferee with the minimum ratings in line with the criteria of the Rating Agency, 
without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. 
Any tax credits or Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the FX Rate Swap Provider directly and 
not via the Priorities of Payments. 
The FX Rate Swap Provider may transfer all its interest and obligations in and under the relevant FX Rate 
Swap Agreement to a transferee with minimum ratings in line with the criteria of by each of the Rating 
Agencies, without any prior written consent of the Trustee, subject to certain conditions. If the Issuer is 
required to sell Selected Loans in the Cover Pool following the occurrence of an Issuer Event or otherwise 
then, to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
require that the FX Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans partially terminate to the extent 
that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans and any breakage costs payable by or to the Issuer 
in connection with such termination will, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event, be taken into 
account in calculating the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the sale of the Selected Loans; 
or 
(b) 
request that the FX Rate Swaps in connection with such Selected Loans be partially novated to the 
purchaser of such Fixed Rate Loans to the extent that such Selected Loans include Fixed Rate Loans, 
such that each purchaser of Selected Loans will thereby become party to a separate FX Rate Swap 
transaction with the FX Rate Swap Provider. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
Each FX Rate Swap Agreement (and each FX Rate Swap thereunder) will be governed by English law.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
UK-#752978185v12 
Bank Account Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bank Account Agreement entered into on the Programme Closing Date between 
the Account Bank, the Issuer, the Servicer and the Trustee, the Servicer maintains with the Account Bank the 
Bank Accounts, which are operated in accordance with the Servicing and Cash Management Deed and the 
Deed of Charge. 
If the long-term and short-term IDR of the Account Bank cease to be at least A and F1 respectively as 
determined by Fitch and the DBRS Morningstar long-term rating of the Account Bank ceases to be at least 
BBB(low) (or such other ratings which are consistent with the published criteria of the Rating Agencies or 
may be agreed between the parties to the Bank Account Agreement and the Rating Agencies from time to 
time), then the Issuer shall within 30 calendar days of such occurrence:  
(i) procure an unconditional and unlimited guarantee of the obligations of the Account Bank under the 
Bank Account Agreement from an Eligible Institution; or 
(ii) procure the transfer of the Bank Accounts held with the Account Bank (and the balance standing to 
the credit thereto) to an Eligible Institution and enter into a bank account agreement with such Eligible 
Institution on substantially the same terms as the Bank Account Agreement. 
The costs arising from any remedial action taken by the Issuer following its long-term and short-term IDR 
ceasing to be rated at least A and F1 as determined by Fitch and its DBRS Morningstar long-term rating ceasing 
to be rated at least BBB(low) (or such other ratings which are consistent with the published criteria of the 
Rating Agencies from time to time) shall be borne by the Account Bank. 
The Bank Account Agreement is governed by English law. 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement 
On the Programme Closing Date, the Issuer entered into an Issuer-ICSDs Agreement with Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking SA (the "ICSDs") in respect of any Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form. 
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any such NGCBs, maintain their 
respective portion of the issue outstanding amount through their records. 
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement is governed by English law.

--- Page 308 ---
308 
UK-#752978185v12 
TAXATION 
Taxation in the Hellenic Republic  
The following discussion of Greek taxation, as it relates to the Covered Bonds, is of a general nature and is 
based on the provisions of the income tax law, Greek Law 4172/2013, as amended from time to time and in 
force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. It should be noted, however, that Greek tax law is subject to 
frequent changes and consequently, Covered Bondholders should consult their professional advisers prior to 
purchasing, selling or otherwise transacting in Covered Bonds, as the discussion below is not exhaustive and 
does not purport to deal with all the tax consequences applicable to all possible categories of holders of 
Covered Bonds, some of which may be subject to special rules. Further, Non-Resident Covered Bondholders 
(as defined below), may have to submit a tax residence certificate or produce documentation evidencing non-
residence in order to claim any exemption under applicable tax laws of Greece or in the context of any 
applicable tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation of income and the prevention of tax evasion (a 
“DTT”)  entered into between Greece and the jurisdiction in which a Non-Resident Covered Bondholder is a 
tax resident. 
Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the laws of Greece 
and other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Covered Bonds. 
Payment of principal under the Covered Bonds 
No Greek income tax will be imposed on payments of principal to any Covered Bondholders in respect of 
Covered Bonds issued by Piraeus Bank. 
Payments of interest on the Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to article 69 para. 9 Greek Law 3746/2009, as amended by article 52 of Greek Law 4646/2019, in 
conjunction with article 33 of the Covered Bond Law, interest payments made as of 1 January 2020 in respect 
of covered bonds issued under the Covered Bond Law, have the same tax treatment with interest payments in 
respect of bonds issued by the Hellenic Republic. Pursuant to article 37 para. 2 of Greek Law 4172/2013, 
interest earned by individuals from bond loans issued by the Hellenic Republic is exempt from income tax. 
Moreover, pursuant to article 37 para. 5 of Greek Law 4172/2013, interest earned by individuals who are not 
Greek tax residents in respect of corporate bonds listed on a trading venue within the E.U. pursuant to the 
provisions of article 4 of Greek Law 4514/2018, is exempt from income tax where the relevant interest 
payments are made as of 1 January 2020, whereas pursuant to article 64 para. 9 of Greek Law 4172/2013, 
interest from such bonds earned by individuals who are not Greek tax residents or by legal persons and legal 
entities that are not Greek tax residents and do not have a permanent establishment in Greece to which the 
relevant income would be attributable, are exempt from any withholding tax, provided that such foreign legal 
persons and legal entities submit to the financial or credit institutions a certificate from the competent foreign 
authorities certifying their registered seat or their articles of association (as provided for in paragraph 17 of the 
circular of the Minister of Finance no. 1042/26.01.2015).   
Accordingly, payments of interest on the Covered Bonds issued by Piraeus Bank and held by: 
(a) 
Covered Bondholders with no residence or permanent establishment in Greece for Greek income tax 
law purposes (Non-Resident Covered Bondholders) are exempt from any Greek withholding income 
tax subject to the submission of relevant documentation evidencing their tax residence; 
(b) 
Covered Bondholders resident or having a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek income tax 
law purposes ("Resident Covered Bondholders") "), in the case of individuals are exempt from Greek

--- Page 309 ---
309 
UK-#752978185v12 
income tax, whereas in the case of legal persons and legal entities will be subject to Greek income tax, 
and, if such payments are made directly to them by a paying agent or other similar agent who either 
resides or maintains a permanent establishment in Greece for Greek tax law purposes, will be subject 
to Greek withholding income tax at a flat rate of fifteen per cent., which may not exhaust the tax 
liability of certain types of Resident Covered Bondholders. 
Disposal of Covered Bonds – Capital Gains 
Pursuant to the provisions of article 14 of Greek Law 3156/2003 that are applicable to Covered Bonds by 
virtue of Article 3(2) of the Covered Bond Law, any capital gains resulting from the transfer of Covered Bonds 
issued by Piraeus Bank and earned by Non-Resident Covered Bondholders or Resident Covered Bondholders 
will not be subject to taxation in Greece. This has been explicitly confirmed through Interpretative Circular 
No. 1032/2015 (item (iii) of paragraph 2).  
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of 
state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Covered Bonds held by non-resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 (the "Relibi 
Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Covered 
Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered Bonds 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to 
withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest 
under the Covered Bonds coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a 
rate of 20 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act

--- Page 310 ---
310 
UK-#752978185v12 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the UK and Greece) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Covered Bonds characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
Issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered 
Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Covered Bondholders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
UK-#752978185v12 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement originally dated 8 February 2011 (as first 
amended and restated on 12 August 2014, as further amended and restated on 16 December 2014, on 4 July 
2016, on 19 December 2016, on 25 August 2017, on 23 October 2017 and on 17 October 2018, 30 December 
2020, and as further amended, restated and/or supplemented form time to time, the "Programme Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form 
and terms and conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be 
subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by 
the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. The Programme 
Agreement will be supplemented on or around the date of each issuance by Subscription Agreement, which 
will set out, inter alia, the relevant underwriting commitments. The Issuer may pay the Dealers commissions 
from time to time in connection with the sale of any Covered Bonds. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer 
has agreed to reimburse and indemnify the Dealers for certain of their expenses and liabilities in connection 
with the establishment and any future updates of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme. The Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations in relation to any 
agreement to purchase Covered Bonds under the Programme Agreement in certain circumstances prior to 
payment to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold, and will not offer or sell Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer(s) (or, in 
the case of an issue of Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager), of all Covered Bonds 
of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree that it will send to each dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds of such 
Tranche during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of such Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
Covered Bonds) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 312 ---
312 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation (each, a Relevant Member State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including 
the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the "Relevant 
Implementation Date") it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Relevant Member State except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant 
Implementation Date, make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement to a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
 the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds in any 
Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, as the same may be varied in that Member State by 
any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State; and

--- Page 313 ---
313 
UK-#752978185v12 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Hellenic Republic 
The Covered Bonds have not been submitted to the approval procedure of the Hellenic Capital Market 
Commission provided for by the Prospectus Regulation and Greek Law 4706/2020, to the extent applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Covered Bonds by 
any form of solicitation or advertising in the Hellenic Republic that would not fall under the exemptions of 
Article 58 of Greek Law 4706/2020, to the extent applicable, or article 1 paragraph 4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Law No.25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered 
Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law (Law No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
In addition to the cases described in the European Economic Area selling restrictions in which the Dealers can 
make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in an EEA Member State (including the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg), the Dealers can also make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg: 
(a) 
at any time, to national and regional governments, central banks, international and supranational 
institutions (such as the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank, the European 
Investment Bank) and other similar international organisations; 
(b) 
at any time, to legal entities which are authorised or regulated to operate in the financial markets 
(including, credit institutions, investment firms, other authorised or regulated financial institutions, 
undertakings for collective investment and their management companies, pension and investment 
funds and their management companies, insurance undertakings and commodity dealers) as well as 
entities not so authorised or regulated whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities; and

--- Page 314 ---
314 
UK-#752978185v12 
(c) 
at any time, to certain natural persons or small and medium-sized enterprises (as defined in the 
Luxembourg act dated 10 July 2005 on prospectuses for securities implementing Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) into Luxembourg law) recorded in the register of 
natural persons or small and medium-sized enterprises considered as qualified investors as held by the 
CSSF as competent authority in Luxembourg in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
UK-#752978185v12 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the MiFID II, as amended. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The establishment, implementation and operation of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been 
duly confirmed and authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer originally dated 18 
November 2010, as updated by further resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 July 2014, 
15 November 2016, 28 June 2017, 28 February 2018 and 21 September 2023. 
Litigation 
None of Piraeus Financial Holding, Piraeus Bank or any subsidiary of Piraeus Bank is or has been involved in 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which Piraeus Financial Holdings or Piraeus Bank is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of Piraeus Financial Holding, Piraeus Bank or Piraeus Bank Group. 
No significant or material adverse change 
Since 31 December 2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent annual 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared), there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer and no significant change in the financial performance or financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group. 
Documents available for inspection 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents or the Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer, available 
at  google.gr/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwjpxPPbhdeBAxUIS_EDHda3D4
wQFnoECBcQAQ&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.piraeusholdings.gr%2F~%2Fmedia%2FCom%2F2023%2FF
iles%2FInvestors%2FCorporate-Governance%2Fdocs2023%2Fdocs-piraeus-bank%2FPB-Articles-of-
Association-Pireaus-Bank-EN24-11.pdf&usg=AOvVaw0AxVoZVVba-ExRO3o3o6Yh&opi=89978449; 
(b) 
the annual financial report which incorporates audited financial statements of the Issuer (on both a 
consolidated and separate basis) in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022 (with an English translation thereof), in each case together with the independent 
auditor’s reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(c) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Servicing and Cash Management Deed, the Master 
Definitions and Constructions Schedule, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Amendment and 
Restatement Deed, the Supplemental Deed of Charge and the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons;

--- Page 316 ---
316 
UK-#752978185v12 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Covered Bond which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds 
and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and any documents 
incorporated by reference will also be available for inspection free of charge at www.luxse.com and 
https://www.piraeusholdings.gr/en/investors/financials/debt-issuance/covered-bonds.  
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Series of 
Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Covered 
Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity 
as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Independent Auditors 
 
The current statutory auditors of Piraeus Bank are Deloitte Certified Public Accountants S.A., 3a 
Fragkoklissias & Granikou Str., GR-151 25 Maroussi, Athens, Greece (member of the Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants of Greece). 
 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 
were prepared in accordance with the IFRS and have been audited by Deloitte Certified Public Accountants 
S.A. – Athens, independent auditors as stated in their reports which have been incorporated by reference.  
 
Legal Entity Identifier 
 
The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") is 213800OYHR1MPQ5VJL60.

--- Page 317 ---
317 
UK-#752978185v12 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Piraeus Bank S.A. 
4 Amerikis Street 
10564 Athens  
Greece 
 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02RF29 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02RF29 
 
Piraeus Bank S.A. 
4 Amerikis Street 
10564 Athens 
Greece 
 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT, REGISTRAR AND ACCOUNT BANK 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Arranger and the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London SE1 2AQ 
 
 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe)  LLP 
Corso Giacomo Matteotti, 10  
20121 Milano Ml 
Italy 
 
To the Issuer as to Greek Law 
Dracopoulos & Vassalakis LP 
4 Karageorgi Servias 
Syntagma Square 
10562 Athens 
Greece

--- Page 318 ---
318 
UK-#752978185v12 
 
 
 
To Barclays Bank Ireland PLC as to Greek Law 
Moratis Passas 
15 Voukourestiou Street 
106 71 Athens 
Greece 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Certified Public Accountants S.A. 
3a Fragkoklisias & Granikou Str 
GR-151 25 Maroussi 
Athens  
Greece 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69 route d’Esch 
Luxembourg L-2953 
Luxembourg

--- Page 319 ---
319 
UK-#752978185v12 
INDEX  
 
 
30/360, 123 
30E/360, 123 
30E/360 (ISDA), 124 
360/360, 123 
632/Annul, 280 
633/Annul, 280 
Accrual Period, 122 
Accrual Yield, 130 
Actual/360, 123 
Actual/365 (Fixed), 123 
Actual/365 (Sterling), 123 
Actual/Actual, 123 
Actual/Actual (ICMA), 122 
Actual/Actual (ISDA), 123 
Additional Cover Pool Assets, 80 
adjusted, 125 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount, 292 
Adjustment Spread, 120 
Agency Agreement, 104, 106, 297 
Agents, 74, 106 
AISP, 274 
Alternative Reference Rate, 120 
Amortisation Test, 90 
ANFA, 243 
Article 632 Suspension Petition, 280 
Asset Monitor Agreement, 103 
ATEbank, 239 
Athens Business Day, 75 
B, 68 
Bank, 1 
Bank Account Agreement, 104 
Bank Accounts, 104 
Base Prospectus, 150 
Base Prospectus),, 151 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, 106 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds, 147 
Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate, 121 
Benchmarks Regulation, 5 
Bond Basis, 123 
Borrower, 37 
Broken Amount, 113 
business day, 127 
Business Day, 121 
Business Day Convention, 122 
C, 79 
Calculation Agent, 74, 107, 115 
Calculation Amount, 130 
Calculation Date, 85 
Capital Requirements Regulation, 163 
Charged Property, 74 
CHF, 4 
CHF Collection Account, 93 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 78, 108, 147 
Code, 126 
Collection Accounts, 93 
Collection Period, 105 
Collection Period End Date, 105 
Collection Period Start Date, 105 
Commingling Reserve Ledger, 97 
Common Depositary, 147 
Common Safekeeper, 147 
Conditions, 3, 71, 107 
Couponholders, 107 
Coupons, 107 
Cov, 69 
Cover Pool, 1 
Cover Pool Assets, 79 
Covered Bo, 70 
Covered Bond Swap, 301 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 301 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements, 302 
Covered Bond Swap Early Termination Event, 
303 
Covered Bondholders, 3, 107 
Covered Bonds, 1 
Covered Bonds Available Funds, 97 
Covered Bonds Directive, 163 
CRA Regulation, 1 
CRR, 163 
CSSF, 78 
Day Count Fraction, 122 
DBRS, 1 
Dealer, 1 
Dealers, 1 
Deed of Charge, 104 
Deed of Charge Security, 299 
Definitive Covered Bonds, 106 
Deposit Cover Scheme, 270 
Designated Account, 127 
Designated Bank, 127 
Designated Maturity, 115, 117 
Determination Date, 124 
Determination Period, 124 
Dispute, 146 
Documents, 145 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, 291 
Early Redemption Amount, 130 
EEA, 5 
EEA Credit Institution, 299 
Eligibility Criteria, 83 
Eligible Institution, 69 
EMU, 4 
ESMA, 1 
Established Rate, 130 
EUR, 4 
EUR Collection Account, 93 
euro, 4, 130 
Euro Equivalent, 292

--- Page 320 ---
320 
UK-#752978185v12 
Eurobond Basis, 123 
Euroclear, 78, 108, 147 
Euro-zone, 115 
Event of Default, 99, 139 
Excess Amount, 94 
Excess Swap Collateral, 98 
Exchange Date, 147 
Exchange Event, 148, 149 
Extended Final Maturity Date, 76 
Extraordinary Resolution, 130 
FATF, 271 
FIEA, 312 
Final Maturity Date, 75 
Final Redemption Amount, 76, 129 
Final Terms, 1, 71 
First Economic Adjustment Programme, 240 
Fitch, 1, 70 
Fixed Coupon Amount, 113 
Fixed Interest Period, 114, 124 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, 72 
Floating Rate, 115 
Floating Rate Convention, 122 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, 72 
Floating Rate Option, 115 
Following Business Day Convention, 122 
Former Residence, 145 
Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap, 302 
FX Ra, 70 
FX Rate Swap, 304 
FX Rate Swap Agreement, 304 
FX Rate Swap Provider, 304 
FX Swap Early Termination Event, 304 
GFN, 243 
Global Covered Bond, 106, 147 
Greece, 4 
Greek Banking Legislation, 288 
Greek Bankruptcy Code, 288 
Greek Company Law, 163 
Greek State, 4 
HDIGF, 269 
Hedgin, 70 
Hedging Agreements, 104 
holder of Covered Bonds, 109 
holders, 107 
IA Determination Cut-off Date, 118 
ICSDs, 306 
IDR, 69 
IGAs \i, 309 
IMD, 5 
Indemnity, 103 
Independent Adviser, 120 
Insurance Mediation Directive, 311 
interest, 129 
Interest Amount, 117 
Interest Commencement Date, 71, 124 
Interest Cover Test, 87 
Interest Payment Date, 114, 124 
Interest Payment Dates, 125 
Interest Period, 114, 125 
Interest Ra, 70 
Interest Rate Swap, 300 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement, 300 
Interest Rate Swap Early Termination Event, 300 
Interest Rate Swap Provider, 300 
Investment Bank, 287 
Investments Cover Scheme, 270 
Investor Put, 134 
Investor Rep, 105 
Investor Report, 105 
Investor Repurchase Put, 134 
Investor’s Currency, 33 
ISDA Definitions, 72, 114 
ISDA Determination, 114 
ISDA Rate, 114 
Issue Date, 71 
Issue Price, 75 
Issuer, 1, 106 
Issuer Call, 133 
Issuer Event, 91, 137 
Issuer Insolvency Event, 81, 138 
Issuer Standard Variable Rate, 300 
Late Payment, 136 
Late Payment Date, 136 
LEI, 315 
Long Maturity Covered Bond, 126 
LTV, 165 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, 70 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, 
1 
Margin, 72 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, 1 
Master Definitions and Construction Schedule, 
107 
Member State, 4 
MiFID, 275 
MiFID II, 5, 275, 311 
MiFID Law, 275 
MiFID Product Governance Rules, 6 
MiFIR, 275 
Minimum Credit Rating, 82 
Minimum Rate of Interest, 130 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
122 
Monthly Calculation Date, 85 
Moody’s, 1 
Negative Carry Factor, 292 
Net Present Value Test, 86 
New Asset Type, 81 
New Company, 145 
New Residence, 145 
NGCB, 127, 147 
Nominal Value Test, 85 
Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap, 302 
Non-Resident Covered Bondholders, 307 
not adjusted, 125 
Notice of Default, 99, 130, 139

--- Page 321 ---
321 
UK-#752978185v12 
OEK Framework Agreement, 79 
OEK Subsidised Loans, 79 
offer of Covered Bonds to the public, 311 
Optional Redemption Amount, 130 
Optional Redemption Date, 133 
P, 75 
Pass-Through Covered Bonds, 76, 133 
Paying Agents, 69, 106, 297 
Payment Day, 129 
PEP, 272 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, 147 
Piraeus Bank of Greece Account, 95 
PISP, 274 
Post Event of Default Priority of Payments, 112 
Post-Event of Default Priority of Payments, 102 
Potential Event of Default, 130 
Preceding Business Day Convention, 122 
Pre-Event of Default Priority of Payments, 99, 
111 
Pri, 102 
PRIIPS Regulation, 5 
principal, 129 
Principal Amount Outstanding, 75, 125 
Principal Paying Agent, 69, 106 
Priorities of Payments, 112 
Priority of Payments, 102, 112 
Programme, 1, 70 
Programme Agreement, 310 
Programme Closing Date, 103 
Programme Payment Period, 98 
Programme Resolution, 142 
Prospectus Directive, 1, 150, 151, 311 
PSD, 274 
PSD II, 274 
PSI, 240 
Put Notice, 134 
Rate of Interest, 130 
Rating Agency, 70 
Receiver, 74 
Record Date, 127 
Redeemed Covered Bonds, 133 
Reference Banks, 116 
Reference Price, 130 
Reference Rate, 116 
Refinance Date, 77 
Register, 127 
Registered Definitive Covered, 106 
Registrar, 69, 106 
Regulation S, 4 
Relevant Date, 140 
relevant Dealer, 1 
Relevant Financial Centre, 116 
Relevant Implementation Date, 311 
Relevant Member State, 4, 311 
Relevant Nominating Body, 120 
Relibi Law, 308 
Replacement Servicer, 287 
Repurchase Date, 134 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount, 291 
Required Redemption Amount, 292 
Reset Date, 115 
Resident Covered Bondholders, 307 
Resolution Scheme, 270 
Screen Rate Determination, 130 
Secured Creditors, 73, 131 
Securities Act, 4 
Security, 74 
Segregation Event, 94 
Selected Loan Offer Notice, 290 
Selected Loan Removal Notice, 290 
Selected Loans, 290 
Selected Loans Balance, 292 
Selection Date, 133 
Senior Amounts, 94 
Series, 107 
Series Reserved Matter, 143 
Servicer, 68 
Servicer Termination Event, 287 
Servicing and Cash Man, 68 
Servicing and Cash Management Deed, 103 
SMP, 243 
Specified Currency, 106 
Specified Denominatio, 106 
Specified Period, 114 
Specified Time, 116, 298 
Standard and Poor’s, 1 
State Subsidised Loans, 80 
State/OEK Subsidised Loans, 80 
Statutory Pledge, 110 
Statutory Test, 84 
Statutory Tests, 84 
Subordinated Termination Payment, 101 
Subscription Agreement, 105 
Subsidiary, 76 
Subsidised Interest Amounts, 80 
Subsidised Loan, 80 
Subsidy Bank Account, 94 
Subsidy Payments, 95 
sub-unit, 125 
Successor Rate, 120 
Swap Collateral, 98 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 98 
Swiss francs, 4 
Talons, 107 
TARGET2, 122 
TARGET2 System, 122 
Temporary Global Covered Bond, 147 
Third Party Collection Account, 96 
TMU, 243 
Tranche, 70, 107 
Transaction Account, 95 
Transaction Docu, 105 
Transfer Agent, 74 
Transfer Agents, 106 
Treaty, 131

--- Page 322 ---
322 
UK-#752978185v12 
Trust Deed, 106 
Trustee, 69, 106 
UBOS, 272 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, 73