--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer applies 
to the Base Prospectus (the Base Prospectus) attached to this electronic transmission and you are therefore advised 
to read this disclaimer carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached Base Prospectus. 
In accessing the attached Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including 
any modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a result of such 
access. 
Confirmation of Your Representation: By accessing this Base Prospectus you have confirmed to Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited (the Arranger and the Permanent Dealer) and Steel Capital S.A. (the Issuer) that (i) you 
have understood and agree to the terms set out herein, (ii) you are either (a) not a U.S. person (within the meaning 
of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)), or acting for the 
account or benefit of any U.S. person, and that the electronic mail address you have given to us is not located in 
the United States, its territories and possessions, or (b) a person that is “Qualified Institutional Buyer” within the 
meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a QIB) and a qualified purchaser (QP), as defined in Section 
2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act) in reliance on the exemption 
provided by Section 3(c)(7) thereunder, (iii) you consent to delivery by electronic transmission, (iv) you will not 
transmit the attached Base Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, 
any of its contents to any other person except with the consent of the Arranger and the Permanent Dealer, and (v) 
you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any legal, taxation or other economic 
considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe for or purchase of any of the Notes.  
You are reminded that the attached Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Base Prospectus, 
electronically or otherwise, to any other person and in particular to any U.S. person or to any U.S. address. Failure 
to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other 
jurisdictions. 
Restrictions: NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF 
SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS 
UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
ANY NOTES TO BE ISSUED HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT 
THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QIB 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A THAT IS ALSO A QP ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS THAT ARE ALSO QPS, (2) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF AVAILABLE, OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
Under no circumstances shall this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
nor shall there be any sale of the Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (the Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the UK. The 
communication of this Base Prospectus is only being made to those persons falling within Article 19(5) or Article 
49 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, or to other persons to whom 
this Base Prospectus may otherwise be distributed without contravention of sections 21 or 238 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, or any person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made. This communication 
is being directed only at persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments and any 
investment or investment activity to which this communication relates will be engaged in only with such persons. 
No other person should rely on it. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
of the Arranger nor the Permanent Dealer, any person who controls any of the Arranger or the Permanent Dealer, 
PAO Severstal, the Issuer, any director, officer, employee or agent of any of them, or any affiliate of any such 
person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus 
distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from any of the 
Arranger or the Permanent Dealer.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
PAO SEVERSTAL 
(incorporated as a public joint stock company under the laws of the Russian Federation) 
US$4,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes 
to be issued by, but with limited recourse to, 
Steel Capital S.A. 
for the purpose of financing loans to 
PAO SEVERSTAL 
Under the programme for the issuance of Loan Participation Notes (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the 
Base Prospectus), Steel Capital S.A. (the Issuer), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue loan participation notes (the Notes) on the terms set out herein, as completed by a set of final 
terms (each such set of final terms, Final Terms) or series prospectus (Series Prospectus) setting out the specific terms of 
each issue. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed US$4,500,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies). This Base Prospectus supersedes any previous base prospectus, offering circular or 
supplement thereto relating to the Programme. Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base 
Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. This Base Prospectus does not affect any Notes issued prior to the 
date hereof. 
Notes will be issued in Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”) and the sole purpose of issuing each Series 
will be to finance a loan (each a Loan) to PAO Severstal (the Company or the Borrower) as borrower, on the terms of an 
amended and restated facility agreement between the Issuer and the Company dated 3 September 2019 (the Facility 
Agreement), as amended and supplemented by a loan supplement to be entered into between the Issuer and the Company 
in respect of each Series on each date on which the Notes of that Series are issued (each a Loan Supplement and, together 
with the Facility Agreement, a Loan Agreement). Subject as provided in the Trust Deed (as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme”) the Issuer will (a) charge, in favour of Citibank, N.A., London Branch as trustee (the Trustee), by way of a 
first fixed charge, as security for its payment obligations in respect of each Series of Notes and under the Trust Deed, 
certain of its rights and interests under the relevant Loan Agreement and the relevant Account (as defined in the relevant 
Loan Supplement), but excluding any Reserved Rights (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and 
(b) assign, in favour of the Trustee, certain of its other rights under the Loan Agreement but excluding any Reserved Rights, 
in each case for the benefit of the holders of the corresponding Series of Notes (the Noteholders), all as more fully described 
in “Overview of the Programme”.  
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated to be payable in respect of a 
Series of Notes, the obligation of the Issuer to make any such payment constitutes an obligation only to account to the 
Noteholders, on each date upon which such amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are due in respect 
of such Series of Notes, for an amount equivalent to all principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) actually received 
by, or for the account of, the Issuer pursuant to the corresponding Loan Agreement. The Issuer will have no other financial 
obligations under the Notes. Noteholders will be deemed to have accepted and agreed that they will be relying solely 
and exclusively on the Company’s covenant to pay under the relevant Loan Agreement and the credit and financial 
standing of the Company in respect of the financial servicing of each Series of Notes. 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS DESCRIBED UNDER THE SECTION ENTITLED “RISK 
FACTORS” IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
Citigroup  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 March 2021

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
The Notes and the corresponding Loans (together, the Securities) have not been, and will not be, registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act 
(the Regulation S Notes) and within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs), as defined in 
Rule 144A (Rule 144A) under the Securities Act, that are also qualified purchasers (QPs), as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the US Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act), in reliance on the 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A (the Rule 144A Notes). Prospective 
purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of 
Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further restrictions 
on Offers, sales and transfers of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” 
and “Selling and Transfer Restrictions”. 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus 
has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the 
Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II) or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Application has been made to The Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the Notes to be admitted to the official list (the 
Official List) and trading on its regulated market (the Regulated Market). References in this Base Prospectus to 
Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market. The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to 
them under applicable law. The relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus in respect of the issue of any Notes will 
specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on Euronext Dublin (or any other stock exchange). The Central 
Bank has only approved this document in relation to Notes that are to be listed on Euronext Dublin or another 
regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
Regulation S Notes of each Series which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of Regulation S, 
will initially be represented by interests in a global unrestricted Note in registered form (each a Regulation S 
Global Certificate), without interest coupons, which will be deposited with a common depositary for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) on its issue date (the Issue Date). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global 
Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Rule 144A Notes of each Series sold to QIBs that are also QPs, as referred to in, 
and subject to the transfer restrictions described in, “Subscription and Sale” and “Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions”, will initially be represented by interests in a global restricted Note in registered form (each a 
Rule 144A Global Certificate and, together with any Regulation S Global Certificates, the Global Certificates), 
without interest coupons, which will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, The Depository Trust Company (DTC) on its Issue Date. Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate 
will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC and its 
participants, see “Summary of the Provisions relating to the Notes in Global Form”. Individual definitive Notes 
in registered form will only be available in certain limited circumstances as described herein.  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Company 
and the relevant Dealer (as named in “Overview of the Programme”) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. The minimum specified denomination of any Notes issued under the Programme 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus, and if such Series of Notes is rated, it will be rated by Standard & Poor’s Credit 
Market Services Europe Limited (Standard & Poor’s), Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch) and/or Moody’s Investors

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
Service Limited (Moody’s), as indicated in such applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus. A rating is not a 
recommendation to sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating. In general, European and United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Community or the United Kingdom (as applicable) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the EU CRA Regulation) or the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) (as applicable). For 
the purposes of the credit ratings referred to in this Base Prospectus and in any applicable Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus, Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, and each of Fitch and Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. As such, Standard & Poor’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website, and each of Fitch and Moody’s is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website. Please also refer to “Risk 
Factors—Ratings of the Notes”.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and the Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus in relation to the Notes issued by it. To the best of the 
knowledge of each of the Issuer and the Company, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Company, 
the Group, the Arranger or the Dealers (each as defined in “Overview of the Programme”) to subscribe for any of 
the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United 
Kingdom or (ii) to investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the Order) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it 
may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being 
referred to as relevant persons). The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to 
subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person 
who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, their respective affiliates or the Trustee makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this Base Prospectus. Each person 
receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on any of the Arranger, the Dealers, 
their respective affiliates or the Trustee in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any 
responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus, or for any other statement, made or purported 
to be made by an Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Company, the Group, the 
Loans or the Notes. Each Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in 
tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS. The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmarks Regulation - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference 
to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/2011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final 
Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to one of LIBOR or EURIBOR, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (as administrator of LIBOR) is not included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Company is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Each person contemplating making an investment in the Notes issued under the Programme from time to time 
must make its own investigation and analysis of the creditworthiness of the Company and its own determination 
of the suitability of any such investment, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, 
and any other factors that may be relevant to it in connection with such investment. Each purchaser of the Notes 
should be aware that it may be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of 
time. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Company, the Group or any 
of the Arranger or the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer, the Company or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the 
Issuer, the Company or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Company, the Group, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account of benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Company, the Group, the Trustee, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Notes. None of 
the Issuer, the Company, the Group, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates 
or agents makes any representation about the legality of the purchase of the Notes by an investor under applicable 
investment or similar laws. Each prospective investor is advised to consult its own counsel and business adviser 
as to legal, tax, business, financial and related matters concerning the purchase of the Notes. The contents of this 
Base Prospectus are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells the Notes and must obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required of it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of the Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or sales, and none of the Company, 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates or agents shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Arranger and Dealers is acting solely for the Company and the Issuer and no one else in connection 
with the Notes and the Programme and is not, and will not be, responsible to any other person for providing advice 
in respect of the Notes and the Programme or for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients. 
In connection with the offering of Notes of any Series, the Arranger, the Dealers and any of their affiliates each 
acting as investors for their own account may take up Notes and in that capacity may retain, purchase or sell for 
its own account such securities and any securities of the Issuer or the Company or related investments and may 
offer or sell such securities or other investments otherwise than in connection with the offering. Accordingly, 
references in this document to the Notes being offered, placed or repurchased should be read as including any 
offering, placement or repurchase of securities to the Dealers and any of their affiliates acting as investors for their 
own account. The Dealers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise 
than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation to do so. 
This Base Prospectus contains summaries with respect to certain terms of the Trust Deed and the Facility 
Agreement, but reference should be made to the actual documents for complete information with respect thereto. 
These documents will be made available free of charge to prospective investors upon request to the Company or 
at the office of the paying and transfer agent in London and New York City. 
The Issuer is a société anonyme incorporated for an unlimited duration under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (Luxembourg). The Issuer is not a subsidiary of the Company. The registered office of the Issuer is 
located at 14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg and its telephone number is +352422229. The Issuer is 
registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés à Luxembourg (the Register of Commerce and 
Companies in Luxembourg) under number B116975. For further information on the Issuer, see “The Issuer”. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or 
any other federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority in the United States, nor has such any 
commission or regulatory authority passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. The Notes may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Regulation S Notes

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
issued under the Programme from time to time are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S and the Rule 144A Notes issued under the Programme from time to time are 
being offered and sold within the United States to QIBs that are also QPs in reliance on the exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that 
sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of 
the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions”. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY SERIES OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT 
NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF 
THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. 
HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION 
MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE 
TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY 
CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER 
THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF 
THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR 
OVER-ALLOTMENT 
MUST 
BE 
CONDUCTED 
BY 
THE 
RELEVANT 
STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus; 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the relevant 
financial markets; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Company has agreed that, for so long as any Notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning of 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither subject to Section 13 or 
15(d) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or 
to any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner or to the 
Principal Paying Agent (as defined herein) for delivery to such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, 
in each case upon the request of such holder, beneficial owner, prospective purchaser or Principal Paying Agent, 
the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act which relate to, without limitation, any of the Company’s plans, 
financial position, objectives, goals, strategies and future operations and performance and the assumptions

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
 
underlying these forward-looking statements. Words such as “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, 
“plans”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements are contained in “Risk Factors”, “Operating and Financial Review”, 
“Business” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The Company has based these forward-looking statements on 
the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. These views reflect 
the best judgment of its management but involve uncertainties and are subject to certain known and unknown 
risks and other important factors beyond the Company’s control, the occurrence of which could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those predicted in the Company’s forward-looking statements and from past 
results, performance or achievements. Although the Company believes that the estimates and the projections 
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise 
or occur, including those identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the underlying assumptions prove to be 
incomplete or incorrect, the Company’s actual results of operations may vary from those expected, estimated or 
projected. Accordingly, prospective purchasers of the Notes should not place undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements. The important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, 
those discussed in “Risk Factors”, “Operating and Financial Review” and “Business”. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statements contained herein to reflect any change in its expectation with regard thereto or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statements are based, unless required to do so by 
applicable law. 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS 
The Company is a public joint stock company established under the laws of the Russian Federation. A substantial 
number of the Company’s directors and executive officers named in this Base Prospectus reside outside the United 
Kingdom and/or the United States. Moreover, a substantial portion of the assets of the Company and of such 
persons are located outside the United Kingdom and the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for the 
Trustee, acting on behalf of the Noteholders, to effect service of process within the United Kingdom or the United 
States upon the Company and/or to enforce against the Company or any such person court judgments obtained in 
the United Kingdom and the United States courts. 
Judgments rendered by a court in any jurisdiction outside the Russian Federation may not be enforced by courts 
in the Russian Federation unless there is (i) an international treaty in effect providing for the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments in civil cases between the Russian Federation and the jurisdiction where such judgment 
is rendered, and/or (ii) a federal law of the Russian Federation providing for the recognition and enforcement of 
foreign court judgments. 
The Company is not aware of any treaty or convention directly providing for the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters between the United Kingdom and the Russian Federation or between 
the United States and the Russian Federation. However, the Company is aware of at least one instance in which 
Russian courts have recognised and enforced an English court judgment. The basis for this was a combination of 
the principle of reciprocity and the existence of a number of bilateral and multilateral treaties to which both the 
United Kingdom and the Russian Federation are parties. In the absence of established court practice, however, it 
is difficult to predict whether a Russian court will be inclined in any particular instance to recognise and enforce 
an English court judgment on these grounds. 
In addition, Russian courts have limited experience in the enforcement of foreign court judgments. The limitations 
described above may significantly delay the enforcement of such judgment, or completely deprive the Noteholders 
or the Trustee of effective legal recourse for claims under the Notes relating to the Loans. 
Each Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, will be 
governed by English law and will provide that if any dispute or difference arises from or in connection with such 
Loan Agreement, such dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the LCIA 
Arbitration Rules. The seat of any arbitration will be London, England. The United Kingdom, the United States, 
the Russian Federation and Luxembourg are parties to the United Nations (New York) Convention on the 
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (the New York Convention). Consequently, Russian 
courts should generally recognise and enforce in the Russian Federation an arbitral award from an arbitral tribunal 
in the United Kingdom, on the basis of the rules of the New York Convention (subject to qualifications provided 
for in the New York Convention and compliance with Russian procedural regulations and other procedures and

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
 
requirements established by Russian legislation). However, it may be difficult to enforce arbitral awards in the 
Russian Federation due to: 
 
the inexperience of the Russian courts in international commercial transactions; 
 
official and unofficial political resistance to the enforcement of awards against Russian companies 
in favour of foreign investors; and 
 
the inability of Russian courts to enforce such awards. 
In September 2002, the Arbitration Procedural Code of the Russian Federation (the Arbitrazh Procedural Code) 
entered into force. The Arbitrazh Procedural Code established the procedure for Russian courts to refuse to 
recognise and enforce a foreign arbitral award. The Arbitrazh Procedural Code of the Russian Federation is in 
conformity with the New York Convention and, thus, has not introduced any substantial changes relating to the 
grounds for refusing to recognise and enforce foreign arbitral awards and court judgments. However, recent 
changes to the Arbitratzh Procedural Code have allowed Russian companies that are subject to foreign restrictive 
measures, in certain limited circumstances, to refer disputes to Russian courts despite an arbitration agreement, to 
apply to Russian courts for an anti-suit injunction prohibiting the contract counterparty from initiating or 
continuing proceedings before a foreign arbitral tribunal, or to seek a compensatory amount from the contract 
counterparty that does not comply with such injunction. The practice of application of these changes is yet to 
develop. The Arbitrazh Procedural Code and other Russian procedural legislation could change further; therefore, 
among other things, other grounds for Russian courts to refuse the recognition and enforcement of foreign court 
judgments and foreign arbitral awards could arise in the future. In practice, reliance upon international treaties 
may meet with resistance or a lack of understanding on the part of a Russian court or other officials, thereby 
introducing delay and unpredictability into the process of enforcing any foreign court judgment or arbitral award 
in the Russian Federation. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Market and Other Statistical Data 
Market data used in this Base Prospectus, as well as certain statistics, including statistics in respect of product 
sales by volume of third parties and market share, under the captions “Overview”, “Risk Factors”, “Operating and 
Financial Review”, “Industry” and “Business”, have been extracted from official and industry sources and other 
third-party sources that the Company believes to be reliable, such as the following:  
 
CDU TEK.  Federal State Unitary Enterprise “Central Dispatching Department of Fuel and Energy 
Complex”. 
 
IMC Group Consulting Ltd.  IMC Group Consulting Ltd (IMC) is an internationally recognised 
consultancy group that offers a broad spectrum of services in the environmental, mining, minerals, 
engineering and energy industries worldwide. IMC’s headquarters are in Icon Business Centre, New 
Lake Drive, Sherwood Park, Nottingham, NG15 0DT, United Kingdom. The staff of IMC consists 
of engineers, accountants, economists and geologists with extensive experience in the metals and 
mining industries. 
 
IMC Montan Ltd.  IMC Montan Ltd (IMC Montan), which is part of IMC, is a mining consulting 
company with experience of assignments in nearly every type of mineral. IMC Montan works 
closely with many well-known companies in Russia and other CIS countries, as well as major banks 
and financing institutions operating in the mining sector.  
 
Metal Expert.  Metal Expert is a specialist media company, an independent provider of pricing 
intelligence, news, data, analysis and conferences for the iron and steel industry. 
 
Rosstat.  The Federal State Statistics Service of the Russian Federation. 
 
Rasmin.  Rasmin is a publisher of an informational bulletin on the Russian coking coal market. 
 
RudProm.  RudProm is an agency that collates statistics about iron ore producers in the former Soviet 
Union.

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
 
 
SRK Consulting.  SRK Consulting (UK) Ltd (SRK Consulting) provides a range of consulting 
services to the resource industry. SRK Consulting’s business address is 5th Floor, Churchill House, 
17 Churchill Way, Cardiff CF10 2HH, United Kingdom. SRK Consulting employs over 70 full-time 
technical specialists providing experienced support for all aspects of the natural resource industry. 
SRK Consulting is part of the SRK Group that employs over 1,600 professional staff in 49 offices 
in 22 countries, offering expertise in a wide range of engineering disciplines. 
 
Worldsteel.  The World Steel Association (Worldsteel) is one of the largest industry associations in 
the world, representing approximately 180 steel producers, national and regional steel industry 
associations, and steel research institutes. Worldsteel produces annual reports on the global steel 
industry. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third-parties including in respect of information 
concerning the Company’s competitors, this information has been accurately reproduced, and as far as the 
Company and the Issuer are aware and are able to ascertain from the information published by the aforementioned 
sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information, data and statistics inaccurate 
or misleading. Such information, data and statistics may be approximations or estimates or use rounded numbers. 
Nevertheless, prospective investors are advised to consider this data with caution. Market studies are often based 
on information or assumptions that may not be accurate or appropriate, and their methodology is inherently 
predictive and speculative. Prospective investors should note that the Company’s estimates are based on such 
third-party information. Neither the Company, the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the 
figures, market data or other information on which third-parties have based their studies. 
In addition, some of the information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official data of 
Russian government agencies and the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (CBR). The official data published 
by Russian federal, regional and local government agencies are substantially less complete or researched than 
those of more developed countries. Official statistics, including those produced by the CBR, may also be produced 
on different bases than those used in more developed countries. Any discussion of matters relating to Russia in 
this Base Prospectus must, therefore, be subject to uncertainty due to concerns about the completeness or 
reliability of available official and public information. 
The contents of the Group’s website do not form any part of this Base Prospectus. 
Financial Information 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018 included in this Base Prospectus beginning on page F-2 and ending on page F-41, together with the notes 
thereto (the Financial Statements) were prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), in effect at the time of preparing 
the Financial Statements.  
The Issuer’s audited financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 included in 
this Base Prospectus beginning on page F-42 and ending on page F-95, together with the notes thereto (the 
Issuer’s Financial Statements) were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg Law and Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles (Luxembourg GAAP), in effect at the time of preparing these financial statements.   
In this Base Prospectus:  
 
Russian Rouble, Russian Roubles, Rouble, Roubles or RUB refers to the lawful currency of the 
Russian Federation;  
 
US dollar, US dollars or US$ refers to the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
 
British pound sterling, British pounds sterling, GBP or £ refers to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom; and 
 
EUR, euro, or € refers to the single currency of the participating member states in the Third Stage 
of the European Economic and Monetary Union of the Treaty Establishing the European 
Community, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
 
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)  
In this Base Prospectus, the Group uses in the analysis of its business, financial position and results of operations 
the following non-IFRS measures which it considers to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as defined 
in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines: 
 
Adjusted EBITDA; 
 
Net interest expense; 
 
Total debt finance; 
 
Net debt; 
 
Adjusted EBITDA/Interest expense; 
 
Adjusted EBITDA/Net interest expense; 
 
Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA; 
 
Total debt finance/Adjusted EBITDA; and  
 
Adjusted EBITDA margin.  
(collectively, the APMs). 
Adjusted EBITDA disclosed in this Base Prospectus is calculated differently from the reporting requirements of 
the SEC for EBITDA and equals to the Group’s EBITDA in the Financial Statements. 
Adjusted EBITDA, Net debt, Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin have for a number of 
years been reported upon regularly and included in the Group’s audited financial statements and quarterly financial 
statements, together with reconciliations from profit from operations to Adjusted EBITDA, and were agreed by 
investors to be key performance indicators during the Group’s consultation on its Audit and Assurance Policy, 
which took place in 2020, resulting in the Audit and Assurance Policy being published on the Group’s website on 
20 October 2020. 
Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure of operating performance which is equal to profit from operations 
plus depreciation and amortisation of productive assets (including the Group’s share in depreciation and 
amortisation of associates and joint ventures) adjusted for gain/(loss) on disposals of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets and for share in associates’ and joint ventures’ non-operating income/(expenses).  
Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of financial leverage to demonstrate the Group’s ability to repay its debt 
obligations which is equal to the net debt divided by Adjusted EBITDA. Total debt finance/Adjusted EBITDA is 
a measure of financial leverage to demonstrate the Group’s ability to repay its debt obligations which is equal to 
the total debt finance divided by Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA margin is a measure of operating 
profitability which is equal to Adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenues.  
Net interest expense; Total debt finance; Adjusted EBITDA/Interest expense; Adjusted EBITDA/Net interest 
expense; and Total debt finance/Adjusted EBITDA are APMs which are primarily used for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus and are not included in the audited Financial Statements.  
Net interest expense is a measure of net impact of the interest expense less interest income. Total debt finance is 
a measure of indebtedness and borrowing position which is equal to short-term and long-term debt finance. Net 
debt is a measure of indebtedness and borrowing position which is equal to the total debt finance less cash and 
cash equivalents. Adjusted EBITDA/Interest expense is a measure of the Group’s ability to meet its interest 
expenses which is equal to Adjusted EBITDA divided by the interest expense. Adjusted EBITDA/Net interest 
expense is a measure of the Group’s ability to meet its net interest expenses which is equal to Adjusted EBITDA 
divided by the net interest expense. 
The APMs are presented as supplemental measures of the Group’s operating performance, which the Group uses 
as key performance indicators of the Group's business and to provide a supplemental tool to assist in evaluating 
current business performance. The Group believes these supplemental measures are frequently used by securities

--- Page 15 ---
xv 
 
analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the steel industry. The APMs are 
measures of the Group’s operating performance that are not required by, or prepared in accordance with, IFRS. 
All of these supplemental measures have limitations as analytical tools, and investors should not consider any one 
of them in isolation, or any combination of them together, as a substitute for analysis of the Group’s operating 
results as reported under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to revenues, profit, operating profit, 
net cash provided by operating activities or any other measures of performance under IFRS or as alternatives to 
cash flow from operating activities or as measures of the Group’s liquidity. In particular, the APMs should not be 
considered as measures of discretionary cash available to the Group to invest in the growth of its business. 
Some of these limitations are as follows: 
 
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of financing costs, which can be significant and could 
further increase if the Group incurs more debt, on the Group’s operating performance. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of income taxes on the Group’s operating 
performance. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of depreciation and amortisation on the Group’s 
operating performance. The assets of the Group’s businesses which are being depreciated, depleted 
and/or amortised will have to be replaced in the future and such depreciation and amortisation 
expense may approximate the cost to replace these assets in the future. By excluding this expense 
from Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the Group’s future cash requirements 
for these replacements. Adjusted EBITDA also does not reflect the impact of gain/(loss) on disposals 
of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. 
 
Other companies in the steel and mining industries may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently or 
may use it for different purposes than the Group, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
For a reconciliation of the APMs to the Financial Statements, see “Selected Consolidated Financial Information—
Alternative Performance Measures”. 
Mining Reserves 
Certain information relating to the Group’s reserves and resources relating to iron ore and coal cited in “Business” 
and “Industry” are produced by reference to the following sources. Estimation for JSC Karelsky Okatysh 
(Karelsky Okatysh) is based on the report issued by IMC dated June 2006, which was prepared in accordance 
with the Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee Code (JORC) reporting standards, reduced by actual 
production since 1 January 2006. IMC’s business address is Icon Business Centre, New Lake Drive, Sherwood 
Park, Nottingham, NG15 0DT, United Kingdom, and the report of IMC was not prepared for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus. Reserves and resource estimates for JSC Olcon (Olcon) is based on the report issued by IMC 
Montan dated February 2013 which was prepared in accordance with JORC reporting standards, reduced by actual 
production since the date of the report. IMC Montan’s business address is Pure Office, Lake View Drive, 
Annesley, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, NG15 0DT, United Kingdom, and the report of IMC Montan was not 
prepared for the purposes of this Base Prospectus. Reserves and resource estimates for Severstal Liberia Iron 
Ore Ltd. (the Putu Range Project) is based on the report prepared by SRK Consulting dated September 2012, 
which was prepared under the guidelines of Samrec, which is the standard of public disclosure of information 
relating to mineral properties in South Africa and adopted in Liberia and is essentially similar to the Australasian 
JORC standard. SRK Consulting’s business address is 5th Floor, Churchill House, 17 Churchill Way, Cardiff 
CF10 2HH, United Kingdom, and its report has not been prepared for the purposes of this Base Prospectus. 
Reserve estimations for JSC Vorkutaugol (Vorkutaugol) were prepared in accordance with the Russian 
Classification of Reserves and Forecasted Resources of Solid Minerals (the Russian Classification), see also 
“Industry—Mining Industry—International Reporting Methodologies”. 
Operating Data 
All data relating to the Group’s production and operations, such as volumes of production, production capacity 
and certain sales information presented by sector, geography and product, cited in “Business” and “Risk Factors”, 
and as cited specifically elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, were derived from information which was not reviewed 
or audited by JSC KPMG, the independent auditors of the Group.

--- Page 16 ---
xvi 
 
Certain Defined Terms 
In this Base Prospectus: 
 
the CBR means the Central Bank of Russia; 
 
the Company or the Borrower means PAO Severstal; 
 
the Group means the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 
the Issuer means Steel Capital S.A.; 
 
the FAS means the Federal Antimonopoly Service of the Russian Federation; 
 
the Russian Government means the federal government of the Russian Federation; 
 
tonnes means metric tonnes, and one metric tonne is equal to one thousand kilograms; 
 
the US or the U.S. means the United States of America; 
 
the UK or the U.K. means the United Kingdom; 
 
the EU means the European Union and its member states (each a Member State) as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus; 
 
Russia means the Russian Federation; and 
 
the CIS means the countries that formerly comprised the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and 
that are now members or associate members of the Commonwealth of Independent States: Armenia, 
Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine 
and Uzbekistan. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly, and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
SUPPLEMENTAL BASE PROSPECTUS 
Each of the Company and the Issuer will agree to comply with any undertakings given by it from time to time to 
Euronext Dublin in connection with listed Notes and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the 
Company and the Issuer will each, so long as any of its Notes remains outstanding and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
The Company has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment by investors of any Notes and the corresponding Loan 
and whose inclusion in this Base Prospectus or removal is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Company and the Group (subsidiaries and controlled affiliates), and the rights attaching to such Notes and 
Loan, the Company shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement 
base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes. 
The Company and the Issuer may agree with any Dealer that a Series of Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the terms and conditions described herein, in which event a Series Prospectus or a supplemental 
prospectus, if appropriate, will be published which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
CONTENTS  
OVERVIEW ........................................................................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 12 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 48 
EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION ................................................................................................................ 49 
CAPITALISATION ............................................................................................................................................. 50 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ....................................................................... 51 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW ....................................................................................................... 58 
INDUSTRY .......................................................................................................................................................... 84 
BUSINESS ........................................................................................................................................................... 94 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................... 107 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS ....................................................................................................................... 120 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ............................................................................................................. 121 
REGULATORY MATTERS .............................................................................................................................. 123 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY ............................................................................................................... 138 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................................... 139 
FACILITY AGREEMENT ................................................................................................................................ 141 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................... 184 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 199 
SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM ............................ 211 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 217 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................................................... 232 
SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................ 234 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 238 
LEGAL MATTERS ........................................................................................................................................... 240 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ........................................................................................................................... 241 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 242 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................................... 244 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................ F-1

--- Page 18 ---
2 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP 
The Group is a vertically integrated steel and steel-related mining business with its major assets and production 
facilities located in Russia. The Group serves a broad base of domestic and international customers through its 
wide distribution network, which includes facilities in Latvia and Poland. The Group is almost completely self-
sufficient in key raw materials, which are supplied by Severstal Resources, the Group’s resources division, located 
in a strategically close proximity to the Group’s steel production plants. The Group’s vision is to become a leader 
in the global steel industry, maximise total shareholder return and be the first choice for customers, employees 
and partners.  
The Group has a diversified portfolio of steel products, with a strong presence in many industry sectors in both 
Russian and international markets and an emphasis on high value-added products. High value-added products 
represented 48 per cent. of the total volume of sales of steel products of the Group in 2020. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, the Group had a revenue of US$6,870 million, Adjusted EBITDA of US$2,422 million and 
Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.3 per cent. 
Severstal is well-positioned on the Russian market, with its domestic sales representing 61.6 per cent., 66.8 per 
cent. and 59.7 per cent. of the Group’s revenues for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, 
respectively. According to the Group’s estimates, based on the Worldsteel data and its operating results, in 2020, 
the Group held approximately 16 per cent. market share in Russia by production volume. The Group also serves 
its global customer base and the Group’s proximity to export markets provides the Group with flexibility to timely 
switch its focus from domestic to export markets depending on the global market dynamics and trends. 
According to the Group’s estimates based on information from public sources, the Group is currently one of most 
profitable companies in the global steel sector, with an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.3 per cent., 34.4 per cent. 
and 36.6 per cent. for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The Group’s operations comprise two divisions:  
 
Severstal Russian Steel division, which includes the Group’s core production asset, the 
Cherepovets Steel Mill, is a leading Russian steel producer. The Cherepovets Steel Mill is one of 
the lowest cost steel mills globally, according to the Group’s estimates based on information from 
public sources. It is located near the Group’s mining operations, the Baltic ports and Russia’s 
industrial centres. The division also includes other operational assets, such as JSC Severstal-Metiz, 
Izhora Pipe Mill and a network of downstream production companies. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, Severstal Russian Steel’s revenue accounted for 98.3 per cent. of the Group’s total 
revenues.  
 
Severstal Resources division produces a wide range of raw materials, including iron ore and 
concentrate, coking coal as well as iron ore pellets. Severstal Resources supplies Severstal Russian 
Steel division with iron ore and hard coking coal products, with the remainder of iron ore and coking 
coal products being sold to customers in Russia and abroad. In 2020, its overall production volumes 
of iron ore and coking coal were generally able to cover approximately 130 per cent. and 
approximately 80 per cent., respectively, of the overall demand of Severstal Russian Steel, without 
taking into account the chemical features of the particular iron ore mix. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, Severstal Resources’ revenue accounted for 1.7 per cent. of the Group’s total 
revenues.

--- Page 19 ---
3 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview contains basic information about the Notes and Loans and should be read in conjunction 
with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the information set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and 
“Facility Agreement” appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The following overview does not purport to 
be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this document and, in relation 
to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in 
this overview. 
Each Series of Notes will be structured as a Loan by the Issuer to the Company of a sum equivalent to the gross 
proceeds of an issue of such Series. The Issuer will issue the Notes to Noteholders, for the sole purpose of funding 
such Loan. The Loan will have capacity to produce funds to service the payments due and payable on the Notes. 
Each Series of Notes will be constituted by the amended and restated principal trust deed dated 15 March 2013 
(the Principal Trust Deed) and as supplemented and amended in respect of such Series of Notes by a supplemental 
trust deed (each a Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Principal Trust Deed, a Trust Deed), each 
entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee. Pursuant to each Trust Deed the Issuer will (i) charge to the 
Trustee by way of a first fixed charge as security for the benefit of the holders of a Series of Notes (a) all principal, 
interest and other amounts payable by the Company to the Issuer as lender under the relevant Loan Agreement, 
(b) the right to receive all sums which may be or become payable by the Company under any claim, award or 
judgment relating to the relevant Loan Agreement and (c) all rights, title and interest in and to all sums of money 
now or in the future deposited in an account established for the relevant Series of Notes with the Principal Paying 
and Transfer Agent in the name of the Issuer (the Account) including interest from time to time earned thereon 
and (ii) assign certain of its rights under the relevant Loan Agreement (but excluding any Reserved Rights) to the 
Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the corresponding Series of Notes. As a consequence of the assignment 
of the rights under the Loan Agreement, the Trustee shall assume the rights of the Issuer (other than certain 
Reserved Rights) as set out in the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed. If and when the first fixed charge of 
certain of the Issuer’s rights and interests under any Loan is enforced, the Trustee will assume the rights of the 
Issuer under such Loan as set out in the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the Trustee will assume certain 
rights and obligations towards the Noteholders, as more fully set out in the Trust Deed. 
The Company will be obliged to make payments in respect of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) 
to the Issuer under each Loan into the Account in accordance with the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement. The 
Issuer will agree in the Trust Deed not to make or consent to any amendment to or any modification or waiver of, 
or authorise any breach or proposed breach of, the terms of any Loan Agreement, unless the Trustee has given its 
prior written consent. The Issuer will further agree to act at all times in accordance with any instructions of the 
Trustee from time to time with respect to each Loan Agreement. Any material amendments, modifications, 
waivers or authorisations made with the Trustee’s consent shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with, 
and as more fully described in, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—14. Notices”, and shall be binding on the 
Noteholders. Formal notice of the security interests created by any Trust Deed will be given to the Company and 
the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent who will each be required to acknowledge the same. 
Each Series of Notes will be limited recourse obligations and the Issuer will not have any obligation to the 
Noteholders other than the obligation to account to Noteholders for payments of principal, interest and other 
amounts, if any, received by it or for its account pursuant to the relevant Loan.  
Set out below is a diagrammatic representation of the structure: 
 
Noteholders
Issuer
PAO Severstal
Proceeds of the 
Notes
Principal and 
Interest on the 
Notes
Proceeds of the
Loan
Principal and 
Interest on the
Loan

--- Page 20 ---
4 
 
Notes to Be Issued Under the Programme 
Issuer ..................................................... Steel Capital S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier ......................... 222100O3LN8LHUW6LJ83 
Company (as Borrower) ...................... as defined below 
Legal Entity Identifier ......................... 213800OKDPTV6K4ONO53 
Description ........................................... Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes pursuant to 
which the Issuer may issue Notes from time to time. 
Offering ................................................ The Notes and the corresponding Loans have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the Securities Act and, subject to certain exceptions, 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S). The 
Notes may be offered and sold (i) within the United States to QIBs, as 
defined in Rule 144A, that are also QPs, as defined in Section 2(a)(51) 
of the Investment Company Act, in reliance on the exemption from 
registration provided by Rule 144A and (ii) to persons who are not U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) in offshore transactions in reliance 
on Regulation S. The Issuer has not been and will not be registered under 
the Investment Company Act. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified 
that sellers of the Rule 144A Notes may be relying on the exemption from 
the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A 
and the Issuer is relying on an exemption from the Investment Company 
Act provided by Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Each purchaser of Notes will be 
deemed, by its acceptance of such Notes, to have made certain 
representations and agreements intended to restrict transfers of the Notes 
as described under “Selling and Transfer Restrictions”. No holder or 
beneficial owner of the Notes may transfer the Notes except to a 
transferee who can make the same deemed representations and 
agreements as set out in “Selling and Transfer Restrictions” on behalf of 
itself and each account for which it is purchasing. Any transfer in breach 
of the transfer restrictions set out in “Selling and Transfer Restrictions” 
will be void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the 
transferee. For a description of these and certain further restrictions, see 
“Subscription and Sale” and “Selling and Transfer Restrictions”. 
Programme Size ................................... Up to US$4,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The Issuer, with the consent of the Company, may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the Dealer Agreement (as 
defined in “Subscription and Sale”). In this respect, for the purpose of 
calculating the aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding, the 
premium of Notes issued at a premium shall be added to their principal 
amount. 
Arranger ............................................... Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Permanent Dealer ................................ Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers .................................................. Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer, on the 
Company’s instructions, may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any Dealer under the Programme. The Issuer, on the 
Company’s instructions, may also from time to time appoint additional 
Dealers either in respect of one or more Series of Notes or in respect of 
the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Permanent Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole

--- Page 21 ---
5 
 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as 
dealers in respect of one or more Series of Notes. 
Trustee .................................................. Citibank, N.A, London Branch. 
Principal Paying and Transfer  
Agent ..................................................... Citibank, N.A., London Branch, unless it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus relating to a Series of Notes that another 
principal paying and transfer agent is appointed in respect of that Series. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Principal Paying and Transfer 
Agent” are to Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such alternative 
principal paying agent or agents, as the case may be. 
Registrar ............................................... Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, unless it is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus relating to a Series of Notes 
that an alternative registrar is appointed in respect of that Series. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Registrar” are to Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG or such alternative Registrar, as the case may be. 
Paying Agent ........................................ Citibank, N.A., London Branch, unless it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus relating to a Series of Notes that another 
paying agent is appointed in respect of that Series. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Paying Agent” are to Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, or such alternative paying agent, as the case may be. 
Transfer Agent ..................................... Citibank, N.A., London Branch, unless it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus relating to a Series of Notes that another 
transfer agent is appointed in respect of that Series. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Transfer Agent” are to Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, or such alternative transfer agent, as the case may be. 
Calculation Agent ................................ Citibank, N.A., London Branch, unless it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus relating to a Series of Notes that another 
calculation agent is appointed in respect of that Series. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Calculation Agent” are to Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch or such alternative calculation agent, as the case may be. 
Method of Issue .................................... The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical to each other (or identical other 
than in respect of the amount and the date of first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. The specific terms of each Series will be 
completed in the Final Terms or Series Prospectus which shall complete 
the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Status .................................................... Each Series of Notes will constitute the obligation of the Issuer to apply 
the proceeds from the issue of the Notes solely for financing the 
corresponding Loan and to account to the Noteholders for amounts 
equivalent to sums of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) 
actually received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to such 
Loan, all as more fully described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
1. Status”. 
Security ................................................. The Issuer’s payment obligations in respect of each Series of Notes will 
be secured by a first fixed charge on: 
 
principal, interest and other amounts paid and payable 
under the relevant Loan Agreement and the Issuer’s right to 
receive all sums paid and payable under any claim, award

--- Page 22 ---
6 
 
or judgment relating to such Loan Agreement (save for any 
Reserved Rights); and 
 
all the rights, title and interest in and to all sums of money 
held from time to time in an account for the particular 
Series specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus, together with the debt represented thereby 
(including interest from time to time earned thereon) 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
Assignment of Rights ........................... The Issuer will assign its rights under the relevant Loan Agreement (save 
for any Reserved Rights and those rights charged above) to the Trustee 
on the Issue Date of the corresponding Series of Notes. 
Form ..................................................... Each Series of Notes will be issued in registered form. The Regulation S 
Notes and the Rule 144A Notes will be represented by the Regulation S 
Global Certificate and the Rule 144A Global Certificate, respectively, in 
each case without interest coupons. The Global Certificates will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Certificates (as defined in “Summary of the 
Provisions relating to the Notes in Global Form”) in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Certificates. 
Clearing Systems.................................. DTC (in the case of the Rule 144A Notes), Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in the case of the Regulation S Notes) and such other 
clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Company, the 
Paying Agents, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of Notes ...................... On or before the issue date for each Series, the Rule 144A Global 
Certificate will be deposited with a custodian for DTC and the 
Regulation S Global Certificate will be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Rule 144A 
Notes will be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC and the 
Regulation S Notes will be registered in the name of a nominee of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Certificates may also 
be deposited with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside 
any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Company, the Paying Agents, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s). Notes that are to be credited to one or 
more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of a 
nominee or nominees for such clearing systems. 
Currencies ............................................ Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer, the 
Company and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities ............................................. Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued with any maturity as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Company and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Denomination ....................................... Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Prospectus, save that unless otherwise permitted 
by then current laws and regulations: (i) Notes which have a maturity of 
less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum specified denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), (ii) Notes resold pursuant 
to Rule 144A will be issued in specified denominations of US$200,000 
or its equivalent in other currencies rounded upwards as agreed between 
the Issuer, the Company and the relevant Dealer(s) or integral multiples 
of US$1,000 thereafter and (iii) the minimum specified denomination of

--- Page 23 ---
7 
 
any Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the issue date of the relevant Notes). 
Rate of Interest..................................... The Notes may be issued on a fixed rate or a floating rate basis. 
Fixed Rate Notes .................................. Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus. 
Floating Rate Notes ............................. Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series of Notes issued on a floating rate basis and the corresponding Loan 
Supplement as follows (and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
Series Prospectus, and Loan Supplement): 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) by reference to the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) or 
the Euro inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates .... The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus. 
Redemption .......................................... The relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable and whether there will be 
any put or call options. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes that have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Issuer’s Restrictions and Covenants .. So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee, inter alia, engage in any business 
whatsoever (other than entering into limited recourse debt securities 
programmes and other limited recourse debt securities issues for the 
benefit of the Company, issuing notes thereunder for the purpose of 
financing any loans to the Company and certain other activities), see 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes—4. Restrictive Covenants”. 
Furthermore, the Issuer will agree in the Trust Deed not to make or 
consent to any amendment or modification or waiver of, or authorise any 
breach or proposed breach of the terms of any Loan Agreement unless 
the Trustee has given its prior written consent. 
Use of Proceeds of the Notes ............... The Issuer will apply the gross proceeds of the issue of each Series of 
Notes to fund the corresponding Loan to the Company. 
Redemption by the Issuer at  
the Option of the Company ................. The Issuer will redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at 100.0 per 
cent. of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest 
and all additional amounts, if any, if the Group elects to repay any Loan 
on the happening of certain events that result in the Group (or the Issuer) 
being required to pay additional amounts on account of Russian or 
Luxembourg taxes in respect of payments under the corresponding Loan

--- Page 24 ---
8 
 
or corresponding Notes or results in the Group being required to pay 
additional amounts on account of increased costs incurred by the Issuer, 
reduced amounts receivable by the issuer or the Issuer makes any 
payment or foregoes any return in connection with the relevant Loan. If 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to receipt 
of corresponding amount from the Company under the relevant Loan 
Agreement and upon notice to Noteholders, redeem the Notes, in whole 
or in part, at the Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) plus the Make Whole Amount (as specified in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”). 
Mandatory Redemption ...................... In limited circumstances as more fully described in the relevant Loan 
Agreement, the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, on any Interest Payment Date in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
or at any time, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, upon giving notice to the 
Trustee and the Company, at the principal amount thereof, together with 
accrued and unpaid interest and all additional amounts, if any, up to the 
date of redemption in the event that it becomes unlawful for (i) the Issuer 
to allow the relevant Loan to remain outstanding under the relevant Loan 
Agreement or (ii) the Issuer to allow the relevant Notes to remain 
outstanding. In either case, the Loan would be repaid in full on the date 
notified by the Issuer. 
Relevant Events ................................... In the case of a Relevant Event the Trustee may, subject to the provisions 
of the Trust Deed, enforce the security created in the Trust Deed in favour 
of the Noteholders. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, a Relevant Event means the earlier of the 
failure by the Issuer to make any payment of principal or interest on the 
Notes when due or the Issuer becoming insolvent or bankrupt or unable 
to pay its debts, stopping, suspending or threatening to stop or suspend 
payment of all or (in the opinion of the Trustee) a material part of its 
debts, proposing or making a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of 
any such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or 
affecting all or (in the opinion of the Trustee) a material part of the debts 
of the Issuer or an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or the Issuer becomes subject 
to any insolvency, bankruptcy, concordat preventif de la faillite, 
moratorium, controlled management (gestion contrôlée), general 
settlement with creditors, liquidation, reorganisation and any other 
similar legal proceedings affecting the Issuer or a commissaire a la 
gestion contrôlée, a liquidateur, a commissaire, a curateur, an 
administrates or any similar officer is appointed as a consequence of the 
financial difficulties affecting the Issuer. 
Withholding Tax .................................. All payments of principal and interest in respect of each Series of Notes 
will be made in full without set-off or counterclaim and free and clear of 
and without deduction for or on account of all taxes, which are or will be 
imposed, assessed, charged, levied, collected, demanded, withheld or 
claimed by Luxembourg, or any taxing authority thereof or therein, other 
than as required by law. If any such taxes, duties and other charges are 
payable, the sum payable by the Company to the Issuer under the relevant 
Loan Agreement will (subject to certain exceptions and limitations) be 
required to be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that the 
Noteholders receive the net sum which they would have received free 
from any liability in respect of any such deduction or withholding had no 
such deduction or withholding been made or required to be made. The 
sole obligation of the Issuer in this respect will be to pay to the 
Noteholders sums equivalent to the sums received from the Company,

--- Page 25 ---
9 
 
after accounting for any such deduction or withholding pursuant to the 
relevant Loan Agreement. 
Further Issues ...................................... The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes of any Series on the 
same terms as existing Notes of the same Series and such further Notes 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such existing Notes 
of the same Series. In the event of such further issuance, the principal 
amount of the relevant Loan will be correspondingly increased. 
Listing and Admission to Trading ...... Application will be made, where specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Series Prospectus, as the case may be, to Euronext Dublin for the Series 
of Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated 
Market or such other exchange as shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus. 
Rating ................................................... Series of Notes issued under this Programme may be rated or unrated. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus, and 
if such Series of Notes is rated, it will be rated by Standard & Poor’s, 
Fitch and/or Moody’s, as indicated in such applicable Final Terms or 
Series Prospectus. A rating is not a recommendation to sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Community and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless this is provided by a credit rating agency operating in 
the European Community before 7 June 2010 which has submitted 
application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and 
such registration is not refused or (ii) the rating provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA registered under the CRA Regulation or 
(iii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA is certified under the CRA Regulation. For the purposes of the credit 
ratings referred to in this Base Prospectus and in any applicable Final 
Terms or Series Prospectus, Standard & Poor’s is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation, and 
each of Fitch and Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, Standard & Poor’s is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website, and each of Fitch and 
Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website. Please also refer to “Risk 
Factors—Ratings of the Notes”. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Notes do not necessarily mean that they are 
a suitable investment. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Similar ratings on 
different types of notes do not necessarily mean the same thing. The 
ratings do not address the likelihood that the principal on the Notes will 
be prepaid, paid on an expected final payment date or paid on any 
particular date before the legal final maturity date of the Notes. The 
ratings do not address the marketability of the Notes or any market price. 
Any change in the credit ratings of the Notes or the Company could 
adversely affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be willing to 
pay for the Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed 
independently from any other rating.

--- Page 26 ---
10 
 
Governing Law .................................... The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, will be governed by English law. The provisions 
of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of August 10, 1915 
on commercial companies (as amended) are excluded. 
Selling Restrictions .............................. United States, United Kingdom, EEA and Russia and any other 
jurisdiction relevant to any Series, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
ERISA Considerations ........................ A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be regarded for 
purposes of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974 (ERISA) as equity interests in a separate entity whose sole asset 
is the Loan. Accordingly, the Notes should not be acquired by any 
“benefit plan investor” within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
Each purchaser and/or holder of Notes and each transferee therefore will 
be deemed to have made certain representations as to its status under 
ERISA and the US Tax Code. Potential purchasers should read the 
sections entitled “Certain ERISA Considerations” and “Selling and 
Transfer Restrictions”. 
Risk Factors ......................................... An investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the factors described in the section 
entitled “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
The Loan Corresponding to  
Each Series of Notes 
 
Lender ................................................... Steel Capital S.A. 
Borrower .............................................. PAO Severstal. 
Security and Ranking .......................... None of the Loans will be secured by any collateral. Obligations under 
the Loan will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated financial indebtedness of the Company. 
Interest Basis Dates ............................. Interest will be payable on a fixed or floating rate basis as specified in 
the relevant Loan Supplement. 
Redemption at the Option  
of the Company .................................... Each Loan may be prepaid at the Company’s option in whole, but not in 
part, on any Interest Payment Date in the case of Floating Rate Loans or 
at any time, in the case of Fixed Rate Loans, in either case at the principal 
amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest and additional 
amounts, if any, up to the date of repayment, for certain tax reasons or by 
reason of certain increased costs as provided in the Facility Agreement. 
If specified in the relevant Loan Agreement, the Company may, upon 
notice to the Issuer, repay the relevant Loan, in whole or in part, at the 
Early Redemption Amount plus the Make Whole Amount (each as 
specified in the relevant Loan Agreement). 
Mandatory Repayments ...................... In the event that it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to fund any Loan or 
allow such Loan to remain outstanding under the relevant Loan 
Agreement or allow the corresponding Series of Notes to remain 
outstanding, the Company may be required to repay such Loan in full. 
Certain Restrictions and Covenants .. The Issuer will have the benefit of certain covenants made by the 
Company all as fully described in the relevant Loan Agreement. 
Events of Default .................................. In the case of an Event of Default (as defined in the Facility Agreement), 
the Trustee may, subject as provided in the Trust Deed, require the Issuer 
to declare all amounts payable under the relevant Loan Agreement by the 
Company to be due and payable.

--- Page 27 ---
11 
 
Use of Proceeds of the Loans .............. The Company will use the gross proceeds of each Loan for general 
corporate purposes unless otherwise specified in the relevant Loan 
Agreement. In connection with the receipt of any Loan, the Company 
will pay an arrangement fee as reflected in the relevant Final Terms or 
Series Prospectus. 
Withholding Tax .................................. All payments of principal and interest under each Loan will be made in 
full without set-off or counterclaim and free and clear of and without 
deduction for or on account of any taxes, other than as required by law. 
If any such taxes, duties or other charges are payable in respect of the 
Loan, the sum payable by the Company under the Loan will (subject to 
certain conditions) be required to be increased to the extent necessary to 
ensure that the Issuer receives the net sum which it would have received 
free from any liability in respect of any such deduction or withholding 
had no such deduction or withholding been made or required to be made. 
Governing Law .................................... The Loans, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, will be governed by English law.

--- Page 28 ---
12 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in any Notes involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should consider carefully the 
risks set out below in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
The risks described below could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
Investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks the Group faces. The Group has 
described only the risks that they consider to be material. However, there may be additional risks that the Group 
currently considers not to be material or of which the Group is not currently aware, and any of these risks could 
have the effects set out above. 
Risk Factors relating to the Group and the Steel and Mining Industries 
The Group’s largest market in terms of revenues is Russia, and any economic downturn in Russia could have 
a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition 
In the years 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group derived 61.6 per cent., 66.8 per cent. and 59.7 per cent. of its total 
revenues from sales to customers in Russia. Therefore, the Group is particularly vulnerable to economic conditions 
in the country.  
The Russian economy is susceptible to external and internal shocks and has, at various times, experienced 
volatility in its gross domestic product (GDP), inflation, interest rates, currency exchange rates and levels of 
unemployment. For example, the conditions and outlook for the Russian economy deteriorated significantly 
during 2014 and continued to worsen in 2015 and 2016, with crude oil prices decreasing significantly, which 
caused a shock to the Russian economy. The Russian economy returned to recovery and growth in GDP terms in 
2017, expanding by 2.8 per cent. in 2018 and 2.0 per cent. in 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, the Russian 
economy continued strengthening with a GDP growth of 1.6 per cent. (as compared with the first quarter of 2019). 
However, in the two subsequent quarters, Russia experienced an economic slowdown largely in reaction to the 
worldwide shutdowns resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic (see “—The global COVID-19 pandemic and the 
disruption caused by various countermeasures to reduce its spread, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations”) and the substantial decline in crude oil prices 
since early March 2020, which was driven by concerns regarding the potential impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak 
and the anticipated increases in oil production from the OPEC+ countries. This, in turn, has led to a sharp 
depreciation of the Rouble during March 2020 and by 31 December 2020 the Rouble / US$ exchange rate stood 
at RUB 73.88 per US$1.00 as compared with RUB 61.91 per US$1.00 as at 31 December 2019. Russia’s GDP 
contracted by 3.1 per cent. in 2020 according to Rosstat. Although, according to the International Monetary Fund 
(IMF), Russian GDP is expected to increase by 3.0 per cent. in 2021 and 3.9 per cent. in 2022, there can be no 
assurance that the Russian economy will grow at such pace or that there will be no declines or further volatility.  
Russia produces and exports large quantities of crude oil, natural gas and other mineral resources, which makes 
the Russian economy particularly vulnerable to world markets’ prices of commodities, which have historically 
been subject to significant volatility over time, as illustrated by the decline in crude oil prices during 2020 (see 
“—Economic instability in Russia could adversely affect the Group’s business”). Any decline in the price of oil, 
gas or other commodities could lead to a significant fall in revenues for the Russian state and exporters and reduced 
domestic demand in Russia. 
In general, a significant portion of the Group’s products in Russia are used in the construction, pipes and tubes, 
oil and gas and automotive and machinery industries, which are particularly vulnerable to general economic 
downturns. A material downturn in the Russian economy could have a negative effect on the businesses of some 
of the Group’s customers and reduce demand for the Group's products. A potential reduction in domestic demand 
would result in a decline in the Group’s domestic sales volumes and there can be no assurance that the Group 
would be able to compensate for lost sales volumes through an increase in its export sales, whether due to a lack 
of demand in export markets or other factors, including trade barriers (see “—An increase in existing trade 
barriers or the imposition of new trade barriers in the Group’s principal export markets could cause a significant 
decrease in the demand for its products in those markets”). In addition, the prices of steel exports are more volatile 
than domestic. Consequently, if the Group’s export shipments increase, it would be exposed to additional risks of 
export price volatility. For the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group’s revenues from export 
sales accounted for 38.4 per cent., 33.2 per cent. and 40.3 per cent., respectively.

--- Page 29 ---
13 
 
Furthermore, should the conditions of the Russian economy worsen, remain unstable or economic recovery is 
weak in the long-term, the Group may become subject to higher counterparty risk and an increase in payment 
defaults by customers which will negatively impact its revenues and cash flow, as well as increase costs needed 
to manage bad debt. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The global COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption caused by various countermeasures to reduce its spread, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was first reported in China in December 2019 and has subsequently 
spread throughout the world, with the World Health Organization (WHO) declaring it a pandemic on 11 March 
2020. COVID-19 has resulted in numerous deaths, and the governments of more than 80 countries across the 
world, including Russia, introduced measures aimed at preventing the further spread of COVID-19, including, 
amongst others, travel restrictions, closed international borders, enhanced health screenings at ports of entry and 
elsewhere, quarantines and the imposition of both local and more widespread “work from home” measures. For 
example, in March 2020, to slow the spread of COVID-19, the Russian Government placed a country-wide 
lockdown, introducing several “non-working weeks”, bans on public events, closures of public places, border 
controls and travel and other restrictions.  
Since September 2020, Russia and many other countries across the world have been facing the second wave of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, as evidenced by a significant rise in the numbers of COVID-19 cases and deaths. 
Infection rates continued to accelerate throughout most of the fourth quarter of 2020 at a pace higher than in the 
first half of 2020. In response, Russian authorities have re-introduced certain restrictions to control the spread of 
the pandemic, including restrictions on working hours of restaurants and other public places, mandatory “work 
from home” regime for certain categories of employees or segments of the workforce, a ban on public events, 
limitations on the open hours for certain businesses, and other measures. While the daily infection rates have 
generally been declining, in Russia and globally, since December 2020, there is still significant uncertainty 
regarding the impacts and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, which can be exacerbated by disruptions or delays 
in the COVID-19 vaccines rollouts and potential mutations of COVID-19. If the spread of COVID-19 persists for 
a significant period of time or the infection rates stagnate or increase, this could lead to renewed nationwide 
lockdowns, which could have a material negative impact on the global and Russian economies.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the normal flow of travel and business operations both globally and 
locally, affected global supply chains, manufacturing, tourism, consumer spending and asset prices, as well as led 
to general concern and uncertainty. Specifically, in Russia, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected 
revenues in most sectors of the economy. A number of industries providing transportation, tourism and other 
services experienced a significant drop in income starting from early March 2020. Falling prices for oil and gas 
and metals have had a negative impact on the income of Russian commodity exporters and related industries. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may affect the Group’s industry and business in a number of ways, 
including but not limited to:  
 
declines in prices of the Group’s products and/or sales volume of the Group’s products due, among 
others, to a decline in demand; 
 
increase in transportation expenses of the Group, including as a result of borders, international travel, 
sea ports, airports or cargo transportation shutdowns; 
 
causing potential interruptions at the Group’s operations, including as a result of any local outbreaks 
at the Group’s sites or infrastructure used by the Group; 
 
limiting the Group’s ability to generate cash flow, and as a result, affecting its financial condition; 
 
causing the Group to delay, postpone or cancel certain of its investment projects; 
 
impacting the Group’s ability to enter into new strategic transactions or to finalize strategic 
transactions on previously agreed terms and timetables; and 
 
requiring the Group to make operational changes and implement measures to ensure the health and 
safety of its employees and counterparties, which may involve increased costs or operational 
inefficiencies.

--- Page 30 ---
14 
 
In addition, the overall impact of the pandemic on the Group’s business will depend on a range of factors which 
it is not possible to accurately predict, including the duration, severity, potential recurrence and scope of the 
pandemic and the extensiveness of governmental measures. 
There is still significant uncertainty relating to the severity of the near- and long-term adverse impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy, global financial markets, the Russian economy and the economies 
of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates or where it sells its products. The Group may not be able 
accurately predict the near-term or long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, public health crises caused by the COVID-19 outbreak 
may exacerbate other pre-existing political, social and economic risks in certain countries or globally. To the 
extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Group's business and financial results, it may also have the 
effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 
The Group’s mining and steel making operations are subject to hazards and risks that could lead to unexpected 
production delays, increased costs, damage to property, loss of mining assets, investigations by state authorities 
and injury or death to persons 
The Group’s mining operations include open-pit and underground mining, both of which involve significant 
hazards and risks. Hazards associated with the Group’s open-pit mining operations include flooding of the open 
pit, collapses of the open-pit wall, accidents related to the operation of large open-pit mining and rock 
transportation equipment, accidents related to the preparation and ignition of large scale open-pit blasting 
operations, production disruptions due to weather and hazards related to the disposal of mineralised wastewater, 
such as groundwater and waterway contamination. Hazards associated with the Group’s underground mining 
operations include underground fires and explosions, including those caused by flammable gas, cave-ins or ground 
falls, shifts in tectonic plates, discharges of gases and toxic chemicals, flooding, sinkhole formation and ground 
subsidence and other accidents and conditions resulting from drilling and removing and processing material from 
an underground mine. These hazards may result, and have in the past resulted, in significant injury and death to 
the Group’s employees and damage to equipment or other property, including a temporary or permanent loss of 
mining assets, production delays, increased production costs, and increased capital expenditures to repair or 
replace equipment or property, as well as claims from affected employees and environmental and other authorities 
for any alleged breaches of applicable laws or regulations. 
In particular, on 11 February 2013, there was an accident involving an explosion at the Vorkutinskaya mine that 
resulted in 19 fatalities. Further, on 25 February 2016, a series of methane explosions at Vorkutaugol’s Severnaya 
mine resulted in the deaths of 30 miners and a further methane explosion occurred on 28 February 2016 during 
the rescue operation, causing the death of five rescue workers and one miner. The mining operations at Severnaya 
mine have been suspended since the accident and Severnaya mine has been sealed off to prevent further 
underground fires and explosions in the mine. The decision to seal off the mine was taken by a commission of 
Vorkutaugol representatives and Russian authorities and the mine is currently non-operational. The Group plans 
to resume reserves mining of the Severnaya mine’s ore through the adjacent Komsomolskaya mine in 2024. The 
criminal proceedings related to Vorkutinskaya mine incident were discharged due to expiration of the statute of 
limitations, while the criminal investigation related to the Severnaya mine incident is still ongoing and certain 
criminal proceedings have been initiated and are currently in progress. On March 2020, at the Vorkutinskaya mine 
there was an accident involving dynamic roofing fracture and methane emission that resulted in two fatalities. The 
criminal investigation of the accident is currently in progress. 
Steel making operations also involve significant hazards including liquid metal or slag spillage, fire, explosions 
of combustible gases as well as risks of accidents during hoisting operations, works at height, maintenance and 
repair works and potential foot traffic accidents. The Group may also become subject to liability for environmental 
damage or other hazards which may be uninsurable or for which it may elect not to insure because of premium 
costs or commercial impracticality (see “—The Group’s business entails significant health, safety and 
environmental liability risks and the Group may be held liable for any damage or liability resulting from 
accidental environmental contamination or injury”). Such events could result in a prolonged interruption in 
operations that would have a negative effect on the Group. Although the Group continuously monitors and invests 
in safety performance, there can be no assurance that significant incidents will not occur in the future. 
The Group as a whole has experienced significant accidents in the past, including major accidents that have 
resulted in fatalities and disruptions to operations. During the period between 2018 and 2020, the Group 
experienced 195 work-related lost time injuries at its production facilities, 81 in 2018, 55 in 2019 and 59 in 2020. 
The Group’s lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR), which is a ratio of the number of injuries to man-hours 
worked multiplied by one million, was 0.95, 0.63 and 0.65 for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020,

--- Page 31 ---
15 
 
respectively. During the period between 2018 and 2020, the Group also experienced eight employee fatalities, 
two of which occurred in 2018, two in 2019 and four in 2020.  
Future industrial accidents or occupational disease occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and operations. The Group cannot be certain that its insurance will cover certain risks associated 
with mining or that it will be able to maintain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums. 
The accident at the Severnaya mine and any further safety incidents involving the Group’s mining operations and 
the outcome of the investigations discussed above and incidents at the Group’s steel making operations could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and 
the value of the Notes. 
An increase in existing trade barriers or the imposition of new trade barriers in the Group’s principal export 
markets, including the EU, could cause a significant decrease in the demand for its products in those markets 
The risk of protectionism has grown in recent years as a consequence of production overcapacity and a global 
downturn in the steel industry. Increasing trade barriers are transforming the dynamics of the global steel market, 
with global steel trade routes adjusting, growing localisation of trade within regions rather than international 
markets, as well as pressure on steel producers that rely on exports. 
Some of the Group’s products which it exports to foreign markets (including the EU, the Group’s principal export 
market) are subject to various trade barriers. In particular, in the EU, there is a 34 per cent. anti-dumping duty and 
a EUR17.6 per tonne anti-dumping duty imposed against the Group’s cold-rolled steel products and the Group’s 
hot-rolled steel products, respectively. In January 2021, the European Union initiated an anti-dumping 
investigation into the Group’s hot-rolled steel exports and there is a substantial risk that higher duties will be 
imposed.  
In addition, as a part of response to anti-dumping duties imposed by the US, the EU introduced additional 
safeguard measures against a wide range of metal products in the form of tariff quotas and a 25 per cent. surplus 
duty on the volumes exceeding quotas. See “Regulatory Matters—Anti-dumping and safeguard proceedings”. 
These measures also affect the Group’s exports into the EU. Currently, the following US anti-dumping measures 
apply to the Group’s hot-rolled products: a 53.8 per cent. anti-dumping duty on hot-rolled plates and a 184.56 per 
cent. anti-dumping duty on hot-rolled coils and sheets. In 2018, the U.S. imposed additional 25 per cent. duties 
on steel and aluminium products imported into the US on the grounds of national security. There is also an anti-
dumping measure in the U.S. against steel rebar and wire rod.  
In addition, other countries have introduced, or are considering introducing, anti-dumping measures against the 
Group’s products: (i) Mexico applies anti-dumping duties ranging from 15 per cent. to 36.8 per cent. on hot-rolled 
and cold-rolled steel products from Russia and launched an anti-dumping probe against steel slabs from Russia 
and Brazil; (ii) Thailand is currently reviewing the anti-dumping duties ranging from 24.2 per cent. to 35.17 per 
cent. on hot-rolled steel products; (iii) India has imposed anti-dumping duties on hot-rolled coils and sheets; (iv) 
Vietnam imposed safeguard measures on long steel goods, semi-finished products and coated steel; (v) Indonesia 
applies anti-dumping measures on hot-rolled products; (vi) Morocco has safeguard measures on a wide range of 
steel products; (vii) Canada has safeguard measures against hot-rolled plates and stainless steel wire; (viii) 
Pakistan applied anti-dumping measures against cold-rolled coils from Russia and Canada; (ix) Turkey imposed 
anti-dumping duties on steel ropes from Russia and China; (x) the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the 
Gulf applies safeguard duties on PPGI (coated steel products) and conducts the safeguard investigation against 
long products and tubes; (xi) Ukraine applies anti-dumping duties on rebar, wire rod, galvanised coils, and steel 
ropes; (xii) Philippines launched the safeguard investigations on coated flat steel products; (xiii) South African 
Customs Union launched the safeguard investigations on long steel products; and (xiv) the United Kingdom 
applied anti-dumping measures against hot-rolled and cold-rolled steel from Russia, and also conducts transit 
reviews of anti-dumping duties on steel tubes and safeguard measure against the wide range of steel products. 
In 2020, the European Union also launched the “European Green Deal”, which is a set of policy initiatives by the 
European Commission with the overarching aim of making Europe climate neutral in 2050. As part of the 
“European Green Deal”, the EU is deliberating a carbon border tax, which would be imposed on greenhouse-gas 
pollution produced by manufacturers outside the region that export products into the EU. There is a risk that under 
such initiatives the Group may be subject to additional levies, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business. 
Trade barriers affect the demand for the Group’s products by effectively increasing the prices for those products 
compared with domestically available products. An increase in existing trade barriers, or the imposition of new

--- Page 32 ---
16 
 
trade barriers, could cause a significant decrease in the demand for the Group’s products in its principal export 
markets and force it to seek other markets which may be less profitable or have high entry costs, any of which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future 
prospects and the value of the Notes.  
The Company is beneficially controlled by a single person, whose interests could conflict with those of the 
Noteholders 
The Company is beneficially controlled by Mr. Alexey Mordashov (the Majority Shareholder), who, as at 31 
December 2020, controlled indirectly 77.03 per cent. of the Company’s shares, see “Principal Shareholders”. As 
a result, the Majority Shareholder has the ability to exert significant influence over certain actions requiring 
shareholder approval, including, but not limited to, increasing or decreasing the authorised share capital of the 
Company (and disapplying pre-emptive rights), the election of directors, declaration of dividends, the appointment 
of management and other policy decisions. While transactions with the Majority Shareholder and his affiliates can 
benefit the Company, the interests of the Majority Shareholder could at times conflict with the interests of the 
Noteholders. Although the Group has in the past sought and continues to conclude related party transactions on 
an arm’s length basis, conflicts of interest may arise between the Group, its affiliates and the Majority Shareholder 
or his affiliates, resulting in the conclusion of transactions on terms not determined by market forces, see 
“Management” and “Related Party Transactions”. Any such conflict of interest could adversely affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group’s business is dependent on the global economic environment 
According to the IMF, the global economic growth contracted by 3.5 per cent. in 2020, compared with a 2.8 per 
cent. growth in 2019. This sharp decline was primarily driven by the COVID-19 pandemic (see “—The global 
COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption caused by various countermeasures to reduce its spread, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations”). The global 
economy is projected to grow by 5.5 per cent. and 4.2 per cent. in 2021 and 2022, respectively, according to the 
IMF; however, those baseline projections remain subject to exceptional uncertainty and will be subject, among 
others, to any continued incidences of COVID-19 infections and the timing and efficacy of the COVID-19 
vaccines’ rollouts. Furthermore, consumer inflation is not accelerating despite low unemployment, thus allowing 
central banks to keep interest rates low. Low inflation is explained by an increase in labour productivity due to 
technological progress and the globalisation of value chains. There is a further risk of a possible cyclical downturn 
in the Chinese economy and other developing markets, which would result in exacerbation of the global economic 
downturn and impact the steel industry and other industries.  
The global economic environment is subject to a number of uncertainties, including, among others, the COVID-
19 pandemic, mounting government deficits, discontinuation of certain stimulus programmes, potential inflation 
or deflation, continuing high levels of unemployment, political tensions over global trade of goods, labour and 
capital mobility, terrorism and concerns over the stability of the monetary and political union in the EU. Financial 
markets and the supply of credit are likely to continue to be impacted by sovereign debt concerns, the possibility 
of further credit rating downgrades of, or defaults on, such sovereign debt, as well as concerns about a slowdown 
in growth in certain economies.  
Brexit is another source of instability in the markets as there remains significant uncertainty about the future 
relationship between the United Kingdom and the EU. Following a national referendum and enactment of 
legislation by the government of the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the European 
Union and ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its future relationship with the European Union. 
The agreement signed in December 2020, which is being applied provisionally from 1 January 2021 until it is 
ratified by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union, addresses trade, economic 
arrangements, law enforcement, judicial cooperation and a governance framework including procedures for 
dispute resolution, among other things. Because the agreement merely sets forth a framework in many respects 
and will require complex additional bilateral negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union 
as both parties continue to work on the rules for implementation, significant political and economic uncertainty 
remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before 
withdrawal. This is expected to continue to cause, political uncertainty, significant volatility in global stock 
markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. Furthermore, there is a possibility of trade barriers resulting 
from the United Kingdom leaving the EU which may affect the macroeconomic environment in Europe. Such 
developments could also lead to an increase in the already high level of protectionism globally, see “—An increase 
in existing trade barriers or the imposition of new trade barriers in the Group’s principal export markets could 
cause a significant decrease in the demand for its products in those markets”.

--- Page 33 ---
17 
 
In addition, policy actions taken by the US presidential administration may result in turbulence in the financial 
markets and lead to greater uncertainty regarding the status of trade relations between the US and some of its 
largest trade partners. Such developments could also lead to an increase of the already high level of protectionism 
globally, including in the steel industry. This could lead to the introduction of higher anti-dumping tariffs, stricter 
countervailing measures and increased policing of the US steel import market. The worsening of such trade 
relations, in particular between the US and China, could result in negative repercussions in these countries and 
have a knock-on effect on global trade and the economic environment. For example, in 2019, the U.S. government, 
among other actions, imposed new or higher tariffs on specified products imported from China to penalise China 
for what it characterised as unfair trade practices and China has responded by imposing new or higher tariffs on 
specified products imported from the United States. In December 2019, China announced that it suspended tariffs 
on certain products and, in January 2020, the U.S. and China signed a trade deal that cut some U.S. tariffs on 
Chinese goods. There remains a high degree of uncertainty for the global economy regarding the results of trade 
negotiations between the US and China. Any announcement of new trade or other economic protectionist 
measures has a significant impact on global commodity markets and may lead to negative consequences for the 
Group’s key markets.  Furthermore, the risk of protectionism has also grown in recent years on the EU market, 
see “—An increase in existing trade barriers or the imposition of new trade barriers in the Group’s principal 
export markets could cause a significant decrease in the demand for its products in those markets”. 
These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material 
adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly 
reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to fund their capital and liquidity 
requirements and operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity, 
commodities markets and restrict access to capital. If the global economic conditions deteriorate, the resulting 
contraction in demand for many of the Group’s products and the tightening of the credit markets could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and 
the value of the Notes. 
The steel and mining industries are cyclical, which may result in adverse fluctuations in the demand for and 
the prices of the Group’s products 
The industries in which a large proportion of the Group’s customers operate, such as the construction, oil and gas 
and automotive industries, are cyclical in nature, which can result in adverse fluctuations in the demand for and 
price of steel products. Demand for the raw materials necessary for the production of steel products, such as iron 
ore and coal, is generally correlated with the demand for steel products. Particular economic and market factors 
may also have a significant effect on certain parts of the Group’s operations, such as an economic downturn in 
Russia, Europe, the CIS or China, leading to a decrease in activity by its customers and resulting in a decrease in 
demand for the Group’s steel products.  
Adverse fluctuations in the demand for the Group’s products or the supply of competing products may result in 
overproduction or underproduction, increased costs or general uncertainty in the industry, any of which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects 
and the value of the Notes. 
In the first half of 2020, the global steel industry experienced a drop in margins due to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and the resulting decrease in the steel demand. The steel prices were generally supported by the raw material 
basket and, particularly, increase in iron ore prices. In 2020, the iron ore market was in deficit due, in part, to a 
high iron ore demand driven particularly by a strong Chinese steel production. Additionally, the iron ore supply 
was limited amid the poor weather conditions and disruptions across main iron ore exporters due to the COVID-
19 pandemic. In the second half of 2020, the spread between steel prices and raw material basket significantly 
improved on the back of a gradual recovery of the global economic activity and mass steel re-stocking. 
In 2020, the global steel market was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The demand for steel products was 
negatively impacted in the first half of 2020 due to implementation of lockdown measures across the world. Global 
steel demand was estimated to decrease by 2.4 per cent. in 2020, according to Worldsteel. The decline in steel 
consumption across the developed markets and some emerging markets was partly offset by a strong growth in 
Chinese demand. In 2020, steel demand growth in China was expected to reach 8 per cent. amid a large fiscal 
stimulus and the COVID-19 containment in the beginning of 2020. There is a risk that the Chinese steel 
consumption could decline or decrease dramatically, causing downward pressure on steel prices. According to 
Worldsteel, excluding China, steel demand is expected to grow in the near-term, which is expected to be primarily 
fuelled by consumption in emerging countries, such as India and ASEAN region. Long-term growth of scrap 
collection in China is stimulating a shift towards higher usage of scrap in the steelmaking process. This shift could

--- Page 34 ---
18 
 
reduce global demand for iron ore and coking coal as well as market prices for these raw materials and could 
negatively affect global steel prices as production costs will fall. Moreover, there is no assurance that the Chinese 
steel industry will continue to reduce steelmaking capacities going forward as was the case in the recent past. 
Currently, new steelmaking capacities are being built in China using a capacity swap programme. The majority 
of new capacities are located in coastal regions that are located in proximity to export markets. If the new 
capacities will favour the export market over local demand, this could lead to an increase in supply in the global 
market and a fall in steel prices. 
The trade war between China and the US has a number of significant implications for the Chinese economy, its 
domestic and global steel industries. Although the Chinese government has introduced a number of stimulus 
measures aimed at supporting domestic steel demand, including decreasing value-added tax, infrastructure 
investments, local government bonds programme and monetary easing, a further escalation of the trade war could 
lead to foreign investors exiting China and/or relocating their production assets to other countries, which could 
result in a loss of export markets for Chinese goods. Furthermore, a prolonged trade conflict could trigger an 
economic downturn in the Chinese economy and a fall in domestic demand, in particular for residential housing 
due to low consumer confidence, all of which could further decrease the local demand for steel. In addition, the 
US economy is also exposed to the adverse effects of a trade war which could lead to higher consumer inflation 
and a decrease in economic growth. 
As a vertically integrated producer, the Group’s performance may be adversely affected by future declines in both 
raw material and steel prices, which in the global market may fluctuate in line with stock replenishment cycles in 
China, and which may be intensiﬁed by cyclical and seasonal peaks and troughs in the Chinese construction 
industry. Raw material prices are also affected by the exchange rates of the Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and 
Canadian Dollar to the US dollar. Any depreciation of these currencies is likely to cause a decrease in production 
costs attributable to raw materials. Declines in raw materials prices and the resulting declines in steel prices due 
to the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes.  
Political and economic instability, corruption, changes in government or in economic policy and arbitrary 
government actions could adversely affect the Group’s business and its overall financial condition 
Like other large multinational companies, the Group sells its products throughout the world and produces them in 
many countries. Some of these countries have experienced, and continue to experience, a great deal of economic, 
political and social instability. In addition, the Group operates in geographic areas that are known to have a high 
risk of corruption, and it is subject to the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the countries in which it sells its 
products, operates or otherwise has a nexus, including the UK Bribery Act. The Group has in place policies and 
internal controls to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and regulations, and it has conducted training 
of its employees and sales force. The Group requires all of its employees to fully comply with its anti-corruption 
and anti-bribery policies and, from time to time, updates and further develops its anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
policies with a view of enhancing its internal control systems and compliance procedures. In addition, in 2020, 
the Group’s anti-corruption system was certified for compliance with ISO 37001:2016 Anti-Bribery Management 
System. While anti-corruption certification confirms a high level of corporate responsibility and business ethics, 
absolute transparency of transactions and agreements concluded, and also confirms the effectiveness of the 
established anti-corruption system, the Group cannot guarantee that the precautions it takes will prevent violations 
of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulation. 
The Group cannot guarantee that its employees, agents or other representatives will not engage, or it will not be 
reported that they have engaged, in improper conduct for which the Group may be held responsible. In particular, 
criminal investigations into allegations of bribery have been opened in relation to the former chief executive 
officers of Severstal Management and Vorkutaugol, both of whom resigned in November 2016. Some of these 
investigations are still ongoing. While no similar allegations, to the knowledge of the Group, have been made 
against other employees of the Group, and the Group is co-operating with the authorities in the ongoing 
investigations, no assurances as to the ultimate result of such investigations can be made. Criminal investigations 
against such former management may have repercussions for the Group such as fines or further investigations into 
the Group’s activities, including criminal investigations into the conduct of former or existing employees of the 
Group, and reputational risks. Furthermore, such investigations, changes in government or in economic policy, 
unlawful, arbitrary or selective government action, corruption or the occurrence of armed conflicts, territorial 
disputes, terrorist activities or social unrest may result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, disrupt 
the Group’s operations or increase the Group’s costs.

--- Page 35 ---
19 
 
The Group may experience equipment failure or other unanticipated events, which may result in significant 
interruption in manufacturing processes, production curtailment and shutdowns 
The Group’s manufacturing processes depend on critical pieces of steel making and mining equipment, such as 
furnaces, continuous casters and rolling equipment, and electrical equipment, such as transformers, underground 
equipment, excavators, trucks and beneficiation equipment. This equipment may, on occasion, be out of service 
as a result of malfunction or defect. In addition, the Group’s facilities are subject to the risk of damage due to 
unanticipated events, such as fires, explosions or adverse weather conditions.  
In the event of equipment failure or damage to its facilities, the Group may experience loss of revenues or 
customers due to material plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production and may require large capital 
expenditures to repair or replace faulty machinery or to repair damaged facilities, and if the equipment failure or 
damage to facilities extends to injuries to employees or has an environmental impact, other costs or liabilities may 
arise out of those circumstances. The Group maintains property and business interruption insurance customary for 
businesses in the steel industry, nonetheless, any loss of revenues or customers or large, unexpected capital 
expenditures resulting from equipment failure or other unanticipated events could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group’s competitive position and future prospects are dependent on the experience and expertise of its 
senior management and technical personnel 
The senior management team have been and, the Group believes, will continue to be important in the 
implementation of the Group’s strategy and the operation of the Group’s day-to-day activities. The experience, 
personal connections and relationships of members of senior management are important to the conduct of its 
business. There can be no assurance that these individuals will continue to make their services available to the 
Group in the future. The Group partially maintains key man insurance covering its senior managers. Moreover, 
competition for management and technical personnel, such as steel and mining engineers, with relevant expertise 
is intense due to the small number of qualified individuals, and this situation could seriously affect the Group’s 
ability to retain its existing senior management and technical personnel and attract additional suitably qualified 
senior management and technical personnel. The loss or diminution in the services of members of the Group’s 
senior management team or technical personnel or an inability to attract and retain additional senior management 
and technical personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group will require a significant amount of cash to fund its capital expenditure programme. If the Group 
is unable to generate this cash through operations or external sources, this programme may not be completed 
on schedule or at all 
Steel production and mining are capital intensive businesses. The Group has undertaken a capital expenditure 
programme focused on the modernisation and development of its existing steel production and mining facilities, 
see “Operating and Financial Review—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Capital Expenditures” for more details 
on the Group’s capital expenditure programme. 
The Group plans to rely on cash generated from its operations, and, to a lesser extent, external financing, to fund 
its capital expenditure programme. Although the depreciation of the Rouble has had a positive impact on the 
Group’s capital expenditures, as at least half of the related costs in 2020 have been denominated in Roubles, there 
can be no assurance that the Group will be able to generate adequate cash from operations to fund the programme 
or that external financing, if necessary, will be available on reasonable terms. If the Group’s cash flows were to 
decline and the Group is not able to obtain external financing at an acceptable cost or in the amounts required, the 
Group may be unable to fund its current capital expenditures and/or future projects, acquisitions or other planned 
investments may be substantially delayed or interrupted. An intensive capital expenditure programme may place 
constraints on a company’s ability to use cash flows to service its debt. Moreover, capital expenditure programmes 
are subject to a variety of potential problems and uncertainties, including changes in economic conditions, delays 
in completion or delivery, cost overruns and defects in design or construction, which may require additional cash 
investments. No assurance can be given that the Group’s capital projects will be completed on schedule and within 
budget or that expected operational improvements will be fully achieved as currently envisioned. 
A failure or delay of the Group’s capital expenditure programme or any significant increases in financing costs 
that may be incurred to fund the programme could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
20 
 
The Group’s business entails significant health, safety and environmental liability risks and the Group may be 
held liable for any damage or liability resulting from accidental environmental contamination or injury  
The Group operates industrial facilities in which there are heavy metals or hazardous substances that can present 
significant risks to the environment, the health or safety of workers and the general population. The Group has in 
the past incurred and may in the future incur liability for injury or damages to persons or property or for the 
pollution of the environment. The Group may also become subject to liability for environmental damage or other 
hazards which may be uninsurable or for which it may elect not to insure because of premium costs or commercial 
impracticality. 
Furthermore, in spite of safety and monitoring procedures implemented by the Group at each production site, 
employees, and in some cases the employees of other companies and service providers, may become exposed to 
the heavy metals or hazardous substances and some employees may have developed specific pathologies from 
such exposure, which may lead them to file claims against the Group in future years. Although the Group has 
made provisions for such future potential liabilities, there can be no assurance that the amounts covered by such 
provisions will be sufficient in the future due to the intrinsic uncertainties involved in projecting expenditures and 
liabilities relating to health, safety and the environment.  
It is possible that the assumptions used to determine these provisions will need to be adjusted in the future due to 
future changes in regulations, changes in the interpretation or application of regulations by the relevant authorities, 
or, with respect to issues related to restoration of the environment, changes in technical, hydrological or geological 
restrictions, or the discovery of pollution that is not yet known. It is possible that the Group’s current insurance 
policies will be insufficient to cover the costs of any such future material liability, see “—The Group’s existing 
and future insurance coverage may not be adequate”. Any such liability shortfalls could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the 
Notes. 
The Group’s business could be adversely affected if it fails to obtain or renew necessary licences or fails to 
comply with the terms of its licences 
The Group’s business, both in and outside Russia, depends on the continuing validity of its licences, the issuance 
to it of new licences and its compliance with the terms of its licences, including subsoil licences for the Group’s 
mining operations in Russia. Regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing of licence 
issuance and renewal and in monitoring of licensees’ compliance with licence terms. Requirements imposed by 
these authorities may be costly and time- consuming and may result in delays in the commencement or 
continuation of exploration or production operations. Moreover, legislation on subsoil rights remains internally 
inconsistent and vague, and the acts and instructions of licensing authorities and procedures by which licences are 
issued are often arguably inconsistent with legislation. 
In certain circumstances, state authorities in Russia may seek to interfere with the issuance of licences, for 
example, by initiating legal proceedings alleging that the issuance of a licence violates the civil rights or legal 
interests of a person or legal entity. The licensing process may also be influenced by outside commentary, political 
pressure and legal factors. In the case of subsoil licences, unsuccessful applicants may bring direct claims against 
the issuing authorities that the licence was issued in violation of applicable law or regulation. If successful, such 
proceedings and claims may result in the revocation or invalidation of the licence. Accordingly, licences that the 
Group requires may be invalidated or may not be issued or renewed. Licences that are issued or renewed may not 
be issued or renewed in a timely fashion or may involve conditions that restrict the Group’s ability to conduct its 
operations or to do so profitably. As part of their obligations under licensing regulations and the terms of their 
licences, the Group’s Russian subsidiaries are also required to comply with numerous industrial standards, 
maintain production levels, recruit qualified personnel, maintain necessary equipment and a system of quality 
control, monitor the Group’s operations, maintain appropriate filings and, upon request, submit appropriate 
information to licensing authorities, which are entitled to control and inspect their activities. In most cases, a 
licence may be suspended or terminated if the licensee does not comply with the “significant” or “material” terms 
of the licence. However, the Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology has not issued any interpretive guidance 
on the meaning of “significant” or “material” terms of licences. Court decisions on the meaning of these terms 
have been inconsistent and, under the Russian legal system, do not have significant value as precedents for future 
judicial proceedings. These deficiencies result in the regulatory authorities, prosecutors and courts having 
significant discretion over enforcement and interpretation of the law, which may be used arbitrarily to challenge 
the rights of subsoil licensees. As a result, while the Group seeks to comply with the terms of its subsoil licences 
and believes that it is currently in material compliance with the terms of such licences, there can be no assurance 
that its licences will not be suspended or terminated. In the event that the licensing authorities in Russia discover

--- Page 37 ---
21 
 
a material violation by a member of the Group, that member of the Group may be required to suspend its operations 
or to incur substantial costs in eliminating or remedying the violation, which could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business or results of operations. 
In addition, the Group’s business outside of Russia also depends on the continuing validity of permits, the issuance 
to them of new permits and compliance with the terms of such permits, which may involve uncertainties and costs 
to the Group. 
Any or all of these factors may affect the Group’s ability to obtain, maintain or renew necessary licences. If the 
Group is unable to obtain, maintain or renew necessary licences or is only able to obtain or renew them with newly 
introduced material restrictions, it may be unable to benefit fully from its reserves, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value 
of the Notes. 
Disruption in rail transport and increased rail costs could significantly hinder the Group’s operations and 
product distribution in Russia 
The Group’s Russian operations depend on the Russian railway system and rely predominantly on the rail freight 
network operated by JSC Russian Railways (Russian Railways) for transport of raw materials and deliveries of 
its steel products to its facilities, consignment agents and customers. Russian Railways is the predominant 
company in the Russian railway sector which, together with its subsidiaries, owns the country’s largest fleet of 
freight rolling stock. It also plays a monopolistic role as the sole railway infrastructure operator, and it enjoys a 
near monopoly in the provision of locomotive services. The physical infrastructure and other assets owned and 
operated by Russian Railways, particularly its rail network, largely date back to Soviet times and have, in many 
cases, not been adequately maintained. 
The Russian railway system is subject to risks of disruption as a result of the declining physical condition of the 
facilities, a shortage of railcars, the limited capacity of border stations and load shedding, including those due to 
poorly maintained railcars and train collisions. In particular, the rolling stock of Russian Railways is generally in 
a poor state of repair. While the Group owns and leases railcars, and rents additional railcars, such assets are 
sufficient for only a portion of the Group’s total transportation requirements. There is a risk of reduction of 
investment programmes for updating the rolling stock of Russian Railways, which could lead to a shortage of 
available working rolling stock, a disruption in transportation of the Group’s raw materials and products and 
increased costs of rail transport. There can be no assurance that the age and insufficient funding and maintenance 
of a substantial part of the Russian railway network and other infrastructure operated by Russian Railways will 
not in the future lead to material disruptions of the Group’s business or increase the Group’s costs of doing 
business. 
In addition, the Russian Government sets rail tariffs and may further increase these tariffs, as it has done in the 
past. Starting from January 2020, the Federal Antimonopoly Service increased the railway transportation tariff in 
several steps, which effectively totalled 3.5 per cent. In addition, there is a charge for the use of freight wagons 
which is highly volatile depending on the availability of wagons in the Russian market. Past and future increases 
in railway tariffs for freight have resulted and will continue to result in significant increases in the Group’s 
transportation costs. Both the privatisation of Russian Railways and its cost of upgrading its rolling stock and 
other facilities could further contribute to increased tariffs. 
The Group considers alternative delivery methods (such as river and motor transport) where practicable. Any 
disruption in transportation or increase in tariffs could significantly increase the Group’s costs, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and 
the value of the Notes. 
New or more stringent environmental laws and regulations or stricter enforcement of existing environmental 
laws and regulations may have a significant negative effect on the Group’s operating results 
The Group operates in an industry which affects the environment and is subject to increasingly stringent regulatory 
requirements. Steelmaking and mining facilities cause environmental impact, including generation, emission, 
discharge of pollutants, greenhouse gases, as well as storage and disposal of waste and other hazardous materials. 
In particular, pollutant emissions contain benzopyrene, nitrogen and sulphur oxides and phenols. Wastewater 
contains sulphates, copper, nickel and zinc. Removed wastes contain chrome copper, nickel and zinc.

--- Page 38 ---
22 
 
Pollution risks and any associated cleaning costs are often impossible to assess until audits of compliance with 
environmental standards have been performed. To manage such risks, the Group utilises its Environment 
Protection Policy, pursuant to which the Group complies with prescribed environmental requirements and requires 
the same from third-party contractors that operate on its facilities. Furthermore, the Environment Protection Policy 
requires the Group to plan any future projects in accordance with the policy, prevent and minimise environmental 
impact, conduct an analysis of the Group’s environmental performance and monitor biodiversity. Despite the 
Group’s efforts to fully comply with the Environment Protection Policy, there can be no assurance that risks 
discussed above and related costs will not occur in the future or that the Group will not incur any future liabilities 
relating to environmental damage and remediation. There is a general tendency towards introducing stricter 
environmental regulations both in Russia and other parts of the world, leading to additional requirements in this 
field from time to time, for instance in relation to emissions reduction, pollution removal, remediation of disturbed 
land and other requirements. For example, the Federal Law No. 195-FZ “On Implementation of Experiment on 
Pollution Emission Quotation and Introduction of Amendments to Separate Legal Acts of the Russian Federation 
in Part of Reduction of Hazardous Air Pollution” dated 26 July 2019 introduces a quotation system in relation to 
air pollutant emissions for a period from 2020 to 2024 in 12 Russian cities, including, Novokuznetsk, Chelyabinsk 
and Cherepovets, see “Regulatory Matters—Environmental Considerations”. The introduction of a quotation 
system may have an adverse impact on the Group’s operations. Furthermore, Russia is a signatory to the Paris 
Agreement, which it ratified in October 2019. The Group is unable to predict the ultimate effect of any new 
environmental regulations, initiatives, voluntary compliance guidelines, or legislation on its results of operations, 
financial position, or liquidity. Any of these factors could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures 
and other operating costs.  
In addition, competent authorities have made, are making or may in the future make specific requests that the 
Group carries out environmental improvement works, such as cleaning up and rehabilitating sites, and controlling 
emissions at sites where it is currently operating, or where it has operated in the past (including at sites it has 
disposed of), at neighbouring sites or at sites where the Group stored or disposed of waste, or reimburses costs for 
the relevant works. The Group may be required to incur significant costs to fulfil these obligations. The Group is 
also subject to health and safety laws, regulations and standards, including workplace health and safety 
requirements. 
The Group’s compliance with environmental laws and regulations requires a commitment of significant financial 
resources. These laws and regulations may furthermore allow governmental authorities and private parties to bring 
lawsuits based upon damages to property and injury to persons resulting from environmental incidents and other 
impacts of the Group’s past and current operations, and could lead to the imposition of substantial fines, penalties, 
other civil or criminal sanctions, the curtailment or cessation of operations, orders to pay compensation, orders to 
remedy the effects of violations and/or orders to take preventative steps against possible future violations. 
Any significant increase in the cost of complying with applicable environmental rules and regulations, as well as 
obligations arising from any breach of such rules or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
Significant depreciation or appreciation of the Rouble and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates 
may materially affect the Group’s results of operations 
After a sustained period of depreciation that started in 2014, the Rouble was relatively stable from 2018 to 2020, 
but certain volatility continues against a number of major currencies, including the US dollar and Euro, driven 
primarily by the COVID-19 pandemic, a substantial decrease in oil prices, slowing growth and contraction of 
Russia’s GDP and capital outflows. The exchange rate has moved from RUB 69.47 per US$1.00, to RUB 61.91 
per US$1.00 and RUB 73.88 per US$1.00 as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. As at 1 March 
2021, the Rouble/US dollar and Rouble/ EUR rates were RUB 74.44 and RUB 90.37, respectively. 
The Group, like many large multinational companies, faces a partial mismatch of the currencies in which its 
revenues and costs are denominated. As a result, the Group is to some extent vulnerable to erosion of profitability 
if the currencies in which its costs are denominated appreciate against the currencies in which its revenues are 
denominated. The mix of the Group’s revenues and costs is such that depreciation of the Rouble against EUR and 
the US dollar tends to result in a decrease in the Group’s costs relative to its revenues (thereby increasing its 
profitability), while appreciation of the Rouble against EUR and the US dollar tends to result in an increase in the 
Group’s costs relative to its revenues (thereby decreasing its profitability). In addition, most of the Group’s cash 
held with banks is denominated in US$ and EUR. Any significant appreciation of the Rouble against the US dollar 
and/or EUR, in the absence of an increase in domestic demand for steel products, may materially adversely affect 
the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. At the same time, although a depreciation of the Rouble

--- Page 39 ---
23 
 
generally reduces the Group’s Rouble-denominated costs in US dollar and EUR terms, it may also negatively 
affect the Group in a number of ways, including, among other things, by increasing inflation and having a negative 
effect on the Russian economy and the Group’s customers which in turn leads to reduced demand for the Group’s 
products, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
In addition, the Group is exposed to translational and transactional foreign currency exchange rate risks. 
Translational foreign currency exchange rate risks are the result of translating assets and liabilities denominated 
in currencies other than US dollars into US dollar amounts for financial reporting purposes. Transactional foreign 
currency exchange rate risks arise as a result of payments that the Group makes or receives that involve foreign 
currency exchange. Currently, the Group’s international operations are balanced with most of their revenues, 
borrowings and expenses denominated in the same currency. The Group’s operations have revenues denominated 
predominantly in Roubles, EUR and US dollars, with meaningful fluctuations year on year. Expenses are mostly 
in Roubles and borrowings are mostly in US dollars and, to a lesser extent, in Roubles. As the Group reports its 
financial results in US dollars and must frequently exchange or translate foreign currency into Roubles or Roubles 
into foreign currency, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
Failures of the Group’s IT systems, third-party intrusions into, or any other disruption to, such systems could 
adversely affect its business 
The Group’s business and operations may be negatively affected by failures of the Group’s key IT systems and 
equipment, unauthorised access to confidential information or a disruption of activities during the introduction of 
a new IT system. IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, 
malicious hacking, cyber terrorism, physical damage to vital IT centres and computer virus infection. These 
factors may result in a lack of information or potential information inaccuracies that could cause disruptions in 
the Group’s decision-making process, as well as deterioration in the quality of the Group’s operational and 
financial reporting and the overall manageability of the Group. Although all systems supporting and representing 
the Group’s critical business processes contemplate advanced Disaster Recovery Plans (DRP) that, in case of a 
system crash, automatically migrate to backup and restarts hardware and prevents sensitive data loss, there can be 
no full assurance that the Group’s IT systems will not fail or data will not be lost.  
The Group’s ability to operate its business depends on its ability to protect computer systems and databases from 
the intrusion of third parties who may attempt to gain access to the Group’s computer systems, networks or 
databases through the internet or otherwise. Although the Group has measures in place to ensure the cybersecurity 
of its computer systems and believes that its computer systems, networks and databases are well protected from 
unauthorised access, given the potential technical and financial resources of intruders, full assurance cannot be 
given that its computer systems, networks and databases will not suffer from such attacks in the future. A breach 
of the Group’s cybersecurity systems might adversely affect the Group’s ability to operate its business and 
materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Furthermore, similar to many of its peers, the Group’s IT systems rely on a wide range of foreign technical and 
software solutions. Increasing protectionism and restrictive trade policies (such as tariffs and sanctions regimes) 
as well as any similar international, regional or national measures may, among others, lead to some supply chain 
or vendor support disruptions, which, in turn, may result in significant disruptions in the Group’s IT systems, its 
service provisions and quality controls. 
As response to sanction regimes or otherwise, the Russian Government could potentially impose certain 
protectionist measures which may require domestic businesses, such as the Group, to use only specific IT systems 
or technical solutions for certain functions. This may create additional financial burdens or quality risks for the 
Group, as there can be no assurance that any potential new solutions will be comparable in price, meet the 
functional requirements of the Group’s business or meet the necessary levels of safety and reliability that would 
be expected by the Group. Furthermore, in many cases, the IT systems and solutions used by the Group often 
cannot be quickly replaced or there are no alternatives with similar levels of functionality and quality. Such 
systems replacements, if required, may involve substantial investment of time and financial resources on behalf 
of the Group and can have a materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects.

--- Page 40 ---
24 
 
Weaknesses in the tax systems and legislation of the Russian Federation, in which most of the companies of 
the Group operate, create an uncertain environment for its business activity and could subject the Group to 
additional material tax liabilities  
The Group operates in various jurisdictions. The main operations of the Group are in Russia. The tax legislation 
that is currently in effect in Russia is not well developed and is subject to varied interpretations and applications 
by the local tax authorities. Despite the Group’s efforts to comply with the applicable tax legislation, the selective 
application of the relevant tax laws at the discretion of the local tax authorities complicates tax compliance, 
planning and business decisions within the Group. Furthermore, it puts the arrangements and structures in place 
at risk of being challenged by the local tax authorities based on the adverse selective interpretation by them of the 
applicable tax legislation (with the possibility of the application of new interpretations of tax laws and regulations 
retroactively), which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position, results of 
operations, prospects and the value of the Notes, see “—Risk Factors Relating to Russia—Russian tax laws and 
practice are not fully developed and are subject to frequent changes”. 
As at 31 December 2020, the actual and potential contingent claims for taxes, fines and penalties made by the 
Russian tax authorities in respect of certain Group entities were immaterial. Management of the Group does not 
agree with the tax authorities’ claims and believes that the Group has complied with the existing legislation in all 
material respects. The management of the Group is unable to assess the ultimate outcome of the claims and the 
outflow of financial sources to settle such claims, if any. The Group’s management believes that it has made 
adequate provisions for other probable tax claims.  
The Group’s business depends on good relations with its employees. A breakdown in these relations and/or 
restrictive labour and employment laws could have a material adverse impact on the Group 
Although the Group believes its labour relations with its employees are good, there can be no assurance that a 
work slowdown or a work stoppage will not occur at any of the Group’s operating units. At most of the Group’s 
business units, there are collective bargaining agreements in place with labour unions. Although the Group aims 
to maintain good labour relations with its employees, any potential work stoppages, disputes with employee unions 
or other labour related developments or disputes, including renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements, 
may cause a decrease in the Group’s production levels and adverse publicity and/or an increase in costs, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and the 
value of the Notes. 
The Group relies on a number of suppliers for its raw materials and any significant change in prices or supply 
of raw materials may cause the Group’s financial results to vary, which could have a material adverse effect 
on its results of operations 
The Group requires substantial amounts of raw materials in the steel production process, in particular coal and 
iron ore. Severstal Resources is one of the largest producers of hard coking coal and iron ore pellets in Russia. 
However, Severstal Russian Steel sources a portion of its iron ore and coking coal from third-party suppliers for 
a number of reasons, including when it may be necessary or economically viable to cover the Group’s 
requirements for iron ore and coking with specific chemical features, to take advantage of favourable prices, as 
well as in cases of disruptions in the mining operations of Severstal Resources. Furthermore, the Group is 
dependent on certain types of coking coal which are vital for efficient coke making and prices for coking coal 
may rise due to a domestic deficit or global price tendencies. In 2020, Severstal Russian Steel’s steel operations 
procured approximately 90 per cent. of its iron ore, concentrate and pellets, and 70 per cent. of its coal 
requirements from Severstal Resources (77 per cent. and 69 per cent. in 2019 and 70 per cent. and 54 per cent. in 
2018, respectively), purchasing its remaining requirements from third-party sources. 
A disruption in mining operations at Severstal Resources’ facilities that causes production volumes to fall may 
force Severstal Russian Steel to seek alternative sources of iron ore or coal which could in turn negatively affect 
the cost synergies available from the Group’s vertical integration. Despite the Group’s efforts to ensure the 
stability of mining operations, there can be no assurance that disruptions will not occur in the future that could 
lead to a further reduction in raw material self-sufficiency.  
In addition, some domestic concentrate suppliers, due to their size and monopolistic capabilities, are able to exert 
influence on pricing and market movements which could decrease the economic efficiency of external iron ore 
purchases and sales by the Group. Furthermore, there are other raw materials such as refractories, graphite 
electrodes and ferro alloys which have a significant share in the Group’s production costs and their prices are very 
volatile. These raw materials experienced significant fluctuations in price throughout 2019 and 2020, which was,

--- Page 41 ---
25 
 
in part, driven by the changes in supply and demand balance in China. Although recently the prices for these 
materials have been declining, there can be no assurance that there will not be any further price spikes which could 
lead to an increase in the Group’s production costs. 
In addition, the availability of other necessary raw materials such as scrap may be negatively affected by a number 
of factors largely beyond the control of the Group, including interruptions in production by suppliers, supplier 
allocation to other purchasers, price fluctuations and transport costs. In addition, the Group’s operations require 
substantial amounts of other raw materials, including various types of limestone, alloys, refractories, oxygen, fuel 
and gas, the price and availability of which are also subject to market conditions. The Group may not be able to 
adjust its prices to recover the costs of significant increases in the prices of such raw materials. Any significant 
change in the prices or supply of raw materials, as well as any disruptions in the supply of raw materials, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects 
and the value of the Notes. 
Increased energy costs or an interruption in the Group's electricity or natural gas supply could materially 
adversely affect its business and results of operations  
Energy costs make up a significant portion of the Group’s cost of production. In 2020, energy costs amounted to 
19.3 per cent. of the costs of sale of Severstal Resources and 7.4 per cent. of the costs of sale of Severstal Russian 
Steel. The Group’s Russian operations obtain most of its natural gas needs from PAO Novatek (Novatek), Russia’s 
largest privately-owned natural gas producer, and to a lesser extent from the subsidiaries of PAO Gazprom 
(Gazprom), a government controlled entity and the dominant producer and monopoly transporter of natural gas 
within Russia. Domestic natural gas prices are regulated by the Russian Government and have been rising in 
recent years by approximately 3 per cent. per annum. The Group sources its electricity from its own power stations 
and from a regional energy company that procures electricity from the wholesale electricity market. In 2020, 
wholesale electricity prices in Russia increased by approximately 5.7 per cent. Based on the forecasts of the 
Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation, in 2021, electricity and gas prices are to increase 
by 4.9 per cent. and 3.0 per cent., respectively. 
Any substantial increases in energy costs could adversely affect the Group’s future profitability to the extent it is 
unable to pass on higher costs to its customers. Any interruptions or suspensions in the Group’s electricity or 
natural gas supply could cause production delays, force the Group to seek alternative suppliers or change its 
technological processes to accommodate other energy sources, any of which could result in lost revenues, lower 
profitability or higher production costs. These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group’s stated mineral reserves and resources are only an estimate based on a range of assumptions and 
there can be no assurance that the anticipated tonnage or grades can be achieved 
Estimates of the Group’s iron ore and coal reserves and resources contained in this Base Prospectus are subject to 
considerable uncertainties, see “Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Mining Reserves”. Such 
estimates were based on interpretations of geological data obtained from sampling techniques and projected rates 
of production. Sampling techniques and projections are inherently uncertain and variances in reserve and resource 
estimates under different methodologies may be difficult to determine and evaluate. This Base Prospectus contains 
reserves and resources estimates stated in accordance with the JORC reporting standards, the guidelines of Samrec 
and taken from official documents certified in compliance with the Russian Classification, all of which permit a 
number of assumptions to be made. However, as with all mineral deposits and resources, there is no certainty that 
the levels set out in the reserves reports are accurate, and reserves may be below the projected level. 
In addition, a substantial amount of time is required to bring reserves and resources into the production phase 
given that construction might last up to 4-5 years after the feasibility report. If the Group’s actual production of 
iron ore and coal in the future is significantly less than the Group’s planned production based on these estimates 
of its reserves, the Group may not be able to supply iron ore and coal to its steel operations at an economically 
feasible price or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group’s existing and future insurance coverage may not be adequate  
Although the Group believes that, with respect to each of its production facilities, it maintains insurance at levels 
generally in line with the relevant local market standards, some of its business divisions do not have 
comprehensive business interruption insurance and most of the Group’s business divisions do not maintain

--- Page 42 ---
26 
 
environmental liability insurance. In particular, Severstal Russian Steel maintains only limited levels of insurance 
against business interruption, but does not have insurance against third-party liabilities for property or 
environmental damage. The Group would therefore suffer significant losses in the event of damage to or 
destruction of any of its principal operating assets in Russia or in the event that any claim is brought against the 
Group relating to personal injury, death or property damage caused by the Group’s operations in Russia. In 
addition, no assurance can be given that the Group will be able to maintain existing insurance or obtain additional 
insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates, which could lead to future shortfalls between the Group’s 
liability and its insurance coverage. Any such liability shortfalls could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group may fail to effectively identify or execute strategic acquisitions or investments, and if the Group 
were to pursue such transactions, no assurance can be given that the Group would be able to successfully 
integrate any companies it may decide to acquire in the future or realise anticipated benefits to its business 
As part of the implementation of its strategy, the Group monitors potential investment opportunities and may 
selectively acquire or make investments in businesses, technologies, products, innovations, or various assets, 
which complement its business and strategy. The Group’s approach towards acquisitions and investments is 
cautious and prudent as the Group prioritises its objective of maintaining financial stability amid high volatility 
in commodity and financial markets. 
The success of past, current and future acquisitions or investments will depend on the Group’s ability to manage 
the assimilation of the acquired assets or companies into its operations despite the inherent difficulties, such as 
existing operational inefficiencies, cultural differences, redundancies of personnel, incompatibility of equipment 
and information technology, production failures or delays, loss of significant customers, problems with minority 
shareholders in acquired companies and their material subsidiaries, the potential disruption of the Group’s own 
business, the assumption of liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses, the possibility that 
indemnification agreements with the sellers of such assets may be unenforceable or insufficient to cover potential 
liabilities, the impairment of relationships with employees and counterparties as a result of difficulties arising out 
of integration, poor records or internal controls and difficulty in establishing immediate control over cash flows. 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to achieve the target synergies in its operations 
with recent or planned acquisitions. Additionally, the value of any business the Group acquires or invests in may 
be lower than the amount that the Group pays for it, which, for example, could be related to a decline in the 
position of that business in the market or markets where it operates or to a decline in the market generally. 
Developed markets, such as Western Europe and the United States, may offer lower margins, as a general matter, 
compared with Russia and the CIS. The Group may not be able to identify suitable acquisitions or investments, 
any future acquisition or investment may not be available to the Group on terms as favourable as in the past, or 
the Group may not be able to complete any transaction on acceptable terms, or at all. 
The Group may in the future also face significant competition for potential acquisitions or investments. When 
making acquisitions or investments, it may not be possible for the Group to conduct a detailed investigation of the 
nature of the assets being acquired due to, for example, time constraints in making the acquisition decision and 
other factors. The Group may also become responsible for additional liabilities or obligations not foreseen by the 
Group at the time of an acquisition or investment, including in particular any financial liabilities entered into by 
previous management prior to completion. 
Any or all of these difficulties, if they materialise, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Company is the largest employer in Cherepovets, and as a result may be limited in its ability to make rapid 
and significant reductions in the number of its employees 
The Company is by far the largest employer in Cherepovets. While the Company does not have any specific legal 
or social obligations or responsibilities with respect to the Cherepovets city and surrounding region, its ability to 
reduce the number of its employees may nevertheless be subject to political and social considerations. Any 
inability to make planned reductions in employee headcount in response to reduced demand or otherwise or to 
make changes to the Group’s operations could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects.

--- Page 43 ---
27 
 
Severe weather conditions could affect the Group’s business and financial results 
Severe weather conditions in Russia can affect the Group’s ability to produce and transport its products. Although 
the Group’s production processes are generally unaffected by changes in climate throughout the year, operational 
or shipment interruptions relating to severe weather conditions (such as flooding) have occurred in the past and 
can occur in the future. Severe weather conditions can negatively affect distribution of the Group’s products and 
therefore revenues from international sales. A substantial part of the Group’s sales by volume from its Russian 
steel operations sold internationally are routed through the port of St. Petersburg, which experiences occasional 
shutdowns due to bad weather and can only be fully utilised during the summer navigation period, when the Gulf 
of Finland is not frozen over. Any of these events in the future could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group has engaged and may continue to engage in related party transactions and major transactions 
The Group has engaged in transactions with certain of its shareholders, including the Majority Shareholder, 
directors and executive officers and companies controlled by them or in which they or the Group own an interest 
(see “Related Party Transactions”). The Group believes that these related party transactions have been and will 
continue to be concluded at arm’s length. However, there can be no assurance that the terms on which these related 
party transactions are conducted have not and will not differ significantly from the terms on which third-party 
transactions have been and are conducted. The practice of related party transactions may result in transactions 
conducted on terms less favourable to the Group than would otherwise have been negotiated with third parties 
and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future 
prospects and the value of the Notes.  
In addition, the Company and other entities of the Group have engaged in large value transactions, which, under 
applicable Russian law, are categorised as “major transactions” and which require approval by the board of 
directors or, depending on the size of the relevant transaction, by the shareholders of the company that is entering 
into such transaction. The Group believes that those “major transactions” which the Group entities enter into are 
properly authorised. However, there can be no assurance that all procedural requirements have been complied 
with in connection with the approval of such transactions. A “major transaction” which has not been properly 
authorised may be challenged by a company or any of its shareholders. 
The steel industry is highly competitive, and the Group may not be able to compete successfully 
The markets for steel and steel products are highly competitive. Primary competitive factors include product 
sophistication, quality, price, technical innovation, payment terms and customer service. Steel producers are also 
in competition with producers of substitute materials, particularly in the automotive, construction and packaging 
industries. The Group’s competitors include major international steel producers, some of which are larger or have 
greater capital resources than the Group or, in some cases, have lower costs than the Group. Competitors may 
have competitive advantages in terms of location and access to key suppliers and transport routes. The Group’s 
competitive position may also be affected by the recent trend towards consolidation in the steel industry. Low 
capacity utilisation across the global steel market creates a highly competitive environment which has exerted, 
and may in the future continue to exert, downward pressure on prices of certain of the Group’s products. There 
can be no assurance that the Group will be able to compete effectively in the future, see “Industry—Competition”. 
Failure by the Group to compete effectively for any of these reasons could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO RUSSIA 
Emerging markets such as Russia are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including 
significant economic, political, social, legal and legislative risks; in addition, financial turmoil in Russia could 
disrupt the Group’s business, as well as negatively affect the value of the Notes 
Generally, investment in emerging markets is suitable only for sophisticated investors who are familiar with and 
who fully appreciate the significance of the risks involved in investing in emerging markets and prospective 
investors are urged to consult with their own legal and financial advisers before making an investment in the 
Notes. Investors in emerging markets, such as Russia, should be aware that these markets are subject to greater 
risk than more developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. 
Investors should note that emerging markets, such as Russia, are subject to rapid change and that the information 
set out in this Base Prospectus may become outdated relatively quickly. Moreover, financial turmoil in any 
emerging market country tends to adversely affect prices in debt or equity markets of all emerging market

--- Page 44 ---
28 
 
countries as investors move their money to more stable, developed markets. Financial problems or an increase in 
the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies may adversely affect the level of foreign 
investment, which may, in turn, adversely affect the economies in those countries. In addition, during such times, 
companies that operate in emerging markets can face severe liquidity constraints as foreign funding sources are 
withdrawn. As a result, financial turmoil in Russia could seriously disrupt the Group’s business and its ability to 
service its payment obligations under the Loan Agreements, as well as result in a decrease in the value of the 
Notes. 
Changes in the political situation inside Russia or Russia’s involvement in conflicts with other countries could 
create an uncertain operating environment, hinder the Group’s long-term plans and adversely affect the value 
of the Group’s investments in Russia 
In the past, ethnic, religious, historical and other divisions inside Russia have led to tensions and, in certain cases, 
military conflict and terrorist attacks. If such an event were to occur in the future, it could result in significant 
political consequences, including the imposition of a state of emergency in some or all of Russia or heightened 
security measures, which may disrupt normal economic activity. 
In the past such conflicts occurred between Russia and its neighbours. For example, in August 2008, Russia and 
Georgia were involved in an armed conflict involving South Ossetia and Abkhazia. Furthermore, differing views 
on the Georgia conflict, and the armed conflict in Eastern Ukraine, have had an impact on the relationship between 
the Russian Federation, the EU, the United States and certain former Soviet Union countries and, if prolonged, 
could adversely affect business relationships among these countries and adversely affect the Russian economy. 
The political instability and armed conflict in Ukraine, heightened levels of tension between Russia and other 
states, imposition by the United States, the EU, the United Kingdom and other countries of sanctions and other 
restrictive measures, and the imposition by Russia of counter-measures, including import and travel restrictions, 
has had in the past, and may continue to have in the future, an adverse effect on the Russian economy and demand 
for commodities (see “—The recent political and economic crisis in Ukraine and related sanctions imposed by 
the US and the EU may have a material adverse effect on the Group”). 
If existing conflicts remain unresolved, or new disturbances or hostilities arise, the Group may be unable to access 
capital, or access capital on terms reasonably acceptable to it, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
A reversal of reform policies or government policies targeted at specific individuals or companies could have 
an adverse effect on the Group’s business as well as investments in Russia more generally 
The political and economic situation in Russia has been negatively affected by the global financial crisis, the 
economic sanctions imposed by the United States, the United Kingdom and the EU, the subsequent economic 
recession in Russia and the outbreak of COVID-19. Any significant further increases in political instability, a 
struggle over the direction of future reforms, or a reversal of the reform process, could lead to another deterioration 
in Russia's investment climate that might constrain the Group’s ability to obtain financing in the international 
capital markets, limit its sales in Russia or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition, its ability to service its payment obligations under the Loan Agreements 
and as a consequence the Issuer's ability to make payments under, or the value of, the Notes. 
Russian law contains provisions on liabilities for tax law violations, including criminal. With application of 
criminal liability provisions in the past, Russian authorities have taken measures against some Russian companies, 
their executive officers and their shareholders on tax evasion and related charges. In some cases, such measures 
have resulted in the imposition of prison sentences for individuals and significant claims for unpaid taxes. Any 
similar actions by governmental authorities could lead to further negative effect on investor confidence in Russia's 
business and legal environment, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to raise equity 
and debt capital in the international markets, as well as the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, its ability to service its payment obligations under the Loan Agreement and as a consequence the 
Issuer's ability to make payments under the Notes or the value of the Notes. 
The recent political and economic crisis in Ukraine and any sanctions imposed by the U.S., the U.K. and the 
EU may have a material adverse effect on the Group 
In late 2013 and the first half of 2014, deteriorating economic conditions and general social unrest culminated in 
a wide-scale crisis provoking armed confrontations between various political groups in Ukraine. In March 2014,

--- Page 45 ---
29 
 
following a public referendum the Crimea peninsula and the city of Sevastopol became new separate constituents 
of the Russian Federation.  
Following these events, a number of countries imposed various sanctions against Russia and refused to recognise 
the referendum in Crimea, and the subsequent accession of Crimea and Sevastopol to the Russian Federation, as 
legal. The United States and the EU (as well as other states, such as Canada, Switzerland, Australia and Japan) 
have imposed “blocking” sanctions on a number of Russian and Ukrainian persons and entities, including current 
and former officials and individuals, companies, banks and businessmen, with the consequences that entities and 
individuals in the U.S. and EU cannot do business with them or provide funds or economic resources to them, 
with assets in the relevant sanctioning jurisdictions subject to seizure and the individuals to visa bans. In addition, 
the U.S. and EU have applied “sectoral” sanctions, which imposed restrictions on the ability of several Russian 
leading banks, leading companies in the oil and gas sector and certain defence companies to access capital markets 
or otherwise obtain funding from persons in the U.S. and EU. Moreover, the EU and the U.S. prohibited the 
provision, exportation, or re-exportation, directly or indirectly, of goods, services (except for financial services), 
or technology in support of exploration or production for deepwater, Arctic offshore, or shale projects that have 
the potential to produce oil in the Russian Federation and that involve certain companies in the Russian energy 
sector. The U.S. executive order implementing sectoral sanctions also permits sanctions to be applied against 
companies in the metals and mining sector. The current sanctions regime is a result of multiple extensions by the 
U.S. and EU in the term and scope of sanctions. With respect to “blocking” sanctions, a significant extension took 
place on 6 April 2018, when OFAC added 38 Russian business persons, officials and entities, some of which are 
entities with securities listed on the London Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and/or the Moscow 
Stock Exchange. PJSC Power Machines was included in the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked 
Persons (SDNs) by the US Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) on 26 January 
2018. Based on the publicly available information, the Group believes that the Majority Shareholder controls 
PJSC Power Machines. Like many major Russian companies, the Group may from time to time engage with 
entities that are subject to sanctions and it estimates that such dealings are not material in the context of the overall 
business of the Group.  
In addition, on 2 August 2017, the US President signed into law the Countering America’s Adversaries Through 
Sanctions Act (the CAATSA) that includes additional sanctions that may be introduced against Russian entities. 
The CAATSA, inter alia, a) codifies the existing sanctions against Russia established by former President 
Obama’s executive orders, reduces the permitted terms of financing under the existing sectoral sanctions and 
restricts supplies of equipment and services for new deepwater, Arctic offshore, or shale projects anywhere in the 
world in which a Russian sanctioned entity holds a 33 per cent. or higher interest; b) gives the US Treasury 
Secretary the power to impose sanctions against state-owned companies in Russia in the railways, metals, and 
mining sectors; c) requires the US President, subject to the ability to claim a national interest waiver, to impose 
certain secondary sanctions that were discretionary under existing US sanctions legislation (including, but not 
limited to, secondary sanctions for investing in or supporting special Russian crude oil projects and the facilitation 
of transactions on behalf of Russian SDNs); d) allows the US President to introduce secondary sanctions on 
foreign persons (including those that invest in the construction or servicing of Russian energy export pipelines); 
and e) requires the US President, subject to the ability to claim a national interest waiver, to impose asset-blocking 
and travel sanctions, including certain secondary sanctions, on any person who knowingly engages in significant 
activities that undermine the cybersecurity of any person or government, including a democratic institution, on 
behalf of the Russian government. In addition, the CAATSA requires the US administration to submit various 
reports to the US Congress. In late January 2018, several such reports had been published, including a report under 
Section 242 of the CAATSA on the effects of expanding the sanctions to include sovereign debt and derivative 
products, as well as a report under Section 241 of the CAATSA that identified certain Russian individuals, 
including the Majority Shareholder. The identification of any individuals or entities in such reports under Section 
241 of the CAATSA does not automatically lead to the imposition of new sanctions. 
In August 2018, the US State Department imposed new sanctions on Russia under the Chemical and Biological 
Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination Act of 1991 (the CBW Act). The initial set of sanctions under the 
CBW Act included, among other things, the termination of sales of any defence articles and services and a 
prohibition on the export to Russia of certain national security-sensitive goods and technology. In November 
2018, the US Department of State declared its intention to impose further sanctions in accordance with the CBW 
Act, including, among other things, a prohibition on US banks to provide financing to the Russian sovereign, 
extensive bans on exports and imports involving Russia and the possible suspension of aviation rights into the 
United States. On 2 August 2019, OFAC proceeded to issue a directive that prohibited US banks from participating 
in the primary market for non-Rouble denominated bonds issued by the Russian sovereign and also prohibited US 
banks from lending non-Rouble denominated funds to the Russian sovereign.

--- Page 46 ---
30 
 
Several pieces of legislation directed at amplifying US sanctions against the Russian Federation have been 
introduced in the US Congress and are currently under consideration. The current initiatives, if enacted, could 
affect, among other things, the Russian sovereign debt, Russian energy projects and the Russian energy and 
financial sectors. It is currently unclear at which point, if at all, any of these bills could be signed into law and 
what would be the scope of any new sanctions that may be imposed pursuant to such law. 
Some Group entities, as well as the Issuer, are EU persons and are therefore required to comply with the EU 
sanctions, including not conducting business with any sanctioned persons. None of the proceeds of the issue of 
any Notes will be used (i) to fund activities of, or business with or involving, persons that are subject to sanctions 
introduced by the US and the EU, (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including 
any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of sanctions 
introduced by the U.S., the U.K. and the EU or (iii) to finance or facilitate any activity specified or referenced in 
section 224, 225, 227, 228, 232, 233 or 234 of the CAATSA as a basis for the imposition of sanctions or penalties 
on any person pursuant to the CAATSA as a result of such person engaging in such activity. Other Group entities, 
including the Borrower, are not U.S., U.K. or EU persons, and therefore are restricted in dealings with sanctioned 
persons only to the extent those dealings are subject to US and/or EU jurisdiction, such as through the involvement 
of US and/or EU persons or entities, business conducted on the territory of the US or EU, clearing in US dollars, 
or some other nexus to the relevant jurisdiction. However, there can be no assurance that compliance issues under 
applicable US and/or EU regulation, measures or similar laws and regulations will not arise with respect to the 
Group or its personnel. Non-compliance with applicable sanctions could result in, among other things, the inability 
of the relevant Group entities to contract with the US and/or EU governments or their agencies, civil or criminal 
liability of such entities and/or their personnel under US and/or EU law, the imposition of significant fines and 
negative publicity and reputational damage. In addition, should the Group’s dealings with sanctioned 
counterparties become material, the Group’s ability to transact with US or EU persons could be affected, even 
though such dealings would comply with applicable law. As a result, the ability of members of the Group to raise 
funding from international financial institutions or the international capital markets could be restricted. 
The sanctions imposed by the US and the EU have had an adverse effect on the Russian economy, to which the 
Group is significantly exposed, prompting downgrades of the credit ratings of the Russian Federation and a 
number of major Russian companies that are ultimately controlled by the Russian Federation, causing extensive 
capital outflows from Russia and impairing the ability of Russian issuers to access international capital markets.  
Relations between Russia, the U.S., certain EU members and the U.K. have been strained due to a number of 
issues, including geopolitical confrontations, economic interests and trade wars, as well as internal political and 
social events, and there can be no assurance that the governments of the EU and US or other countries will not 
impose further sanctions against Russia or specific individuals, entities or economy sectors. Furthermore, no 
longer being a part of the EU following Brexit (see “—The Group’s business is dependent on the global economic 
environment”), the United Kingdom has imposed its own sanctions regime, which mostly follows the approach of 
the EU but deviates in certain areas. 
Further geopolitical confrontations and any escalation of tensions between Russia and the US, the United 
Kingdom and/or the EU, the imposition of further sanctions, or continued uncertainty regarding the scope thereof, 
could have a prolonged adverse impact on the Russian economy. These impacts could be more severe than those 
experienced to date. In particular, should either the U.S., the U.K. or the EU expand their respective sanctions to 
include existing or future customers, suppliers or other counterparties of the Group, a large sector of the Russian 
economy or otherwise, such an expansion could result in the Group’s dealings with designated persons, if any, 
being materially adversely impacted, the suspension or potential curtailment of business operations between the 
Group and the designated persons could occur, and substantial legal and other compliance costs and risks on the 
Group’s business operations could emerge. All of the above could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Although the Group has no reason to believe that it or its shareholders may be specifically targeted by the US, 
U.K. or EU sanctions, there can be no assurance that this will not occur. If U.S., U.K. or EU sanctions targeting 
the Russian metals and mining sector and/or the Group and its shareholders are imposed, such sanctions will likely 
have a material adverse impact on the Group in a number of ways. For example, the Group might become unable 
to deal with persons or entities bound by the relevant sanctions, including financial institutions and rating agencies, 
transact in US dollars, raise funds from investors, or access international capital markets generally, use 
international settlement, clearing and/or information exchange systems, and/or the Group’s existing funds might 
be blocked. In these circumstances, the Group may be unable to effect payments to discharge any of its obligations 
under the Loans, which would constitute an event of default thereunder and under the Notes consequently. In 
addition, investors in possession or control of the Notes, who are subject to the jurisdiction of any relevant

--- Page 47 ---
31 
 
sanctions regimes may be required to block those Notes and may be restricted in their ability to sell, transfer or 
otherwise deal in or receive distributions with respect to the Notes, which could make such Notes partially or 
completely illiquid. Potential Noteholders may be deterred from buying the Notes for the same reason. This would 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes, and could result in reduced liquidity in the trading market for the 
Notes and have a material adverse effect on their market value. 
Economic instability in Russia could adversely affect the Group’s business 
Any of the following risks, which the Russian economy has experienced at various times in the past and some of 
which occurred during the 2008 global financial and economic crisis, may have a significant adverse effect on the 
investment climate in Russia and, in turn, may be a significant burden on the Group’s operations: 
 
volatility and/or significant declines in GDP; 
 
high levels of inflation or hyperinflation; 
 
increases in, or high, interest rates; 
 
an unstable currency and instability in the local currency market; 
 
high state debt relative to gross domestic product; 
 
weak banking system providing limited liquidity to Russian enterprises; 
 
a large number of loss-making enterprises that continued to operate due to the lack of effective 
bankruptcy proceedings; 
 
the use of fraudulent bankruptcy actions in order to take unlawful possession of property; 
 
significant use of barter transactions and illiquid promissory notes to settle commercial transactions; 
 
tax evasion; 
 
the “black” and “grey” market economies; 
 
budget deficits; 
 
capital flight; 
 
corruption and the penetration of organised crime into the economy; 
 
sudden price declines in the natural resource sector; 
 
dependence of the economy on exports of commodities; 
 
significant declines and volatility in the stock market; 
 
significant increases in unemployment and underemployment;  
 
the impoverishment of a large portion of the Russian population; and 
 
a decreasing population and labour force. 
Russia produces and exports large quantities of crude oil, natural gas and other mineral resources, which makes 
the Russian economy particularly vulnerable to world markets’ prices of commodities, which have historically 
been subject to significant volatility over time, as illustrated by the recent decline in crude oil prices. Crude oil 
prices were relatively stable in 2018 and 2019. However, most recently, oil prices fell with the price of Brent 
crude declining from a high of US$69.96 per barrel on 6 January 2020 to US$31.43 per barrel on 9 March 2020 
and dropping to US$27.63 per barrel on 20 April 2020 as a result of Russia and OPEC failing to reach an 
agreement over proposed oil production cuts and falling demand for oil triggered by the significant slowdown of 
business activity and a deteriorating global macro outlook caused by the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
While a coalition of 23 nations led by Saudi Arabia and Russia subsequently agreed to reduce production of crude

--- Page 48 ---
32 
 
oil by 10 million barrels per day in May and June 2020 and 8 million barrels per day from July to December 2020, 
crude oil prices have remained depressed. As of 1 March 2021, the price of Brent crude was US$63.69 per barrell. 
Any significant disruptions in oil and gas supply cycles due to production cuts, in light of a decrease in demand 
due to COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, disruptions of major exploration and development projects in the 
Russian oil and gas sector as a result of technological failures, restrictions on obtaining necessary technologies or 
services from foreign suppliers as a result of sanctions or insufficient funding may result in decreased productivity, 
reductions in output of such commodities and ultimately lead to lower federal budget revenues. These 
developments could have a material adverse effect on the Russian Government’s ability to provide financial 
support to Russian companies, and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Any deterioration in the general economic conditions in Russia could adversely influence the level of demand for 
various products, including those provided by the Group, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes.  
Inflation in Russia could increase the Group’s costs 
The Russian economy experienced relatively high rates of inflation in 2014-2016 as a result of the deteriorating 
economic conditions, depreciating Rouble and restrictive measures on certain imports. According to Rosstat, the 
inflation reached 11.4 per cent. and 12.9 per cent. in 2014 and 2015, respectively, and amounted to 5.4 per cent. 
in 2016. In 2018, 2019 and 2020, the inflation measured by Rosstat was 4.3 per cent., 3.1 per cent. and 4.9 per 
cent., respectively. A number of the Group’s costs relating to its Russian operations, such as wage costs, 
maintenance costs, construction costs and utilities costs, are sensitive to rises in general price levels in Russia and, 
as a result, the Group has in the past experienced inflation-driven increases in some of its production costs. 
However, due to competitive pressures, the Group may not be able to raise prices sufficiently to preserve operating 
margins. 
Accordingly, high rates of inflation could increase the Group’s costs and there can be no assurance that the Group 
will be able to maintain or increase its operating margins to cover such costs and failure to do so could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and 
the value of the Notes. 
Instability of global financial markets could affect the Russian economy 
Russia’s economy was adversely affected by the global financial and economic crisis and could be adversely 
affected by market downturns and economic crises or slowdowns elsewhere in the world in the future. In 
particular, the disruptions in the global financial markets have had a severe impact on the liquidity of Russian 
entities, the availability of credit and the terms and cost of domestic and external funding for Russian entities. 
This could adversely influence the level of customer demand for various goods and services, including those 
provided by the Group. These developments, as well as adverse changes arising from systemic risks in global 
financial systems, including any tightening of the credit environment, or a decline in oil, gas or other commodities 
prices (such as, for example, steel or precious metals) could slow or disrupt the Russian economy and adversely 
affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
Introduction of currency restrictions may limit the Group’s ability to execute its strategy or operate its business 
or could otherwise adversely affect the Russian capital markets 
Despite gradual liberalization, there can be no assurance that Russia’s currency regulation and control regime will 
not impose new restrictions or prohibitions. Restrictions or prohibitions on hard currency payments and operations 
could limit the Group’s ability to invest in its capital improvement programmes, pursue attractive acquisition 
opportunities or purchase raw materials or sell its products internationally. In addition, such restrictions or 
prohibitions may limit an investor’s ability to repatriate earnings from securities of Russian issuers, including the 
Group, or otherwise have a negative impact on the Russian capital markets. The consequences of any new 
restrictions or prohibitions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Russian banking system remains underdeveloped with a limited number of creditworthy Russian banks, 
and another banking crisis could place severe liquidity constraints on the Group’s business  
Russia’s banking and other financial systems are not well developed or regulated compared with more developed 
countries. There are currently a limited number of creditworthy Russian banks, most of which are headquartered

--- Page 49 ---
33 
 
in Moscow. Although the CBR has the mandate and authority to suspend banking licences of insolvent banks, 
some insolvent banks still operate. Over the last several years, the CBR has undertaken a “cleanup” campaign 
aimed at removing fraudulent, failing or undercapitalised financial institutions from the banking sector to make it 
more robust, stable and transparent in the event of any potential systemic shocks. As part of this campaign, the 
CBR revoked banking licences or introduced financial rehabilitation for a large number of banks, which the CBR 
believed were undermining the sustainability and reliability of the sector. Recessionary trends in the Russian 
economy and stricter enforcement action by the CBR have previously affected a number of notable Russian banks, 
such as Bank Otkritie, B&N Bank, Promsvyazbank, Moscow Industrial Bank, MDM Bank, Master-Bank, ROST-
Bank, Trust-Bank, InvestTradeBank, Probusinessbank, Russian Capital Bank, Bank Peresvet and 
Prominvestbank, that were either acquired, liquidated or taken over for financial rehabilitation by other Russian 
banks or directly by the Deposit Insurance Agency or the CBR.  
While the overall liquidity of the banking sector has remained relatively stable since 2017, the Russian financial 
sector has faced turbulence due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has led to a drop in the average household 
income, a deterioration in the credit quality of borrowers, an increase in provisioning levels and, consequently, 
led an overall decrease in the profitability of the banking sector (see “—The global COVID-19 pandemic and the 
disruption caused by various countermeasures to reduce its spread, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations”). 
The Group maintains significant cash deposits and cash balances with 94 per cent. of the Group’s cash and cash 
equivalents held on deposit and accounts with major state-owned Russian banks as at 31 December 2020. The 
Group’s business and financial position could be adversely affected by any further deterioration and increased 
instability of, and the lack of liquidity in, the Russian banking sector.  
The revocation of the licenses or insolvency of any major banks in which the Group maintains its accounts and 
uses for settlement operations could result in losses for the Group. Furthermore, any funding shortages or other 
banking disruptions experienced by the Group’s major bank partners could have a material adverse effect on its 
ability to execute planned developments or to obtain the financing required for the Group’s operations, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future 
prospects and the value of the Notes. 
Weaknesses relating to the Russian legal system and Russian legislation create an uncertain environment for 
investment and for business activity 
Although Russia has made substantial progress in developing an adequate legal framework required for the proper 
functioning of a market economy, the relatively recent nature of much of Russian legislation and the rapid 
evolution of the Russian legal system may place the enforceability and underlying constitutionality of laws in 
doubt and result in ambiguities and inconsistencies in their application. In addition, Russian legislation sometimes 
leaves substantial gaps in the regulatory infrastructure.  
Among the risks of the current Russian legal system are: 
 
inconsistencies among (i) federal laws, (ii) decrees, orders and regulations issued by the president, 
the Russian Government, federal ministries and regulatory authorities and (iii) regional and local 
laws, rules and regulations; 
 
limited judicial and administrative guidance on interpreting Russian legislation; 
 
the relative inexperience of judges and courts in interpreting new principles of Russian legislation, 
particularly business and corporate law; 
 
substantial gaps in the regulatory structure due to delay or absence of implementing legislation; 
 
a high degree of unchecked discretion on the part of governmental authorities; and 
 
bankruptcy procedures that may be subject to abuse. 
The foregoing factors make judicial decisions in the Russian Federation difficult to predict and effective redress 
uncertain. Additionally, court claims are often used to further political aims. The Group may be subject to these 
claims and may not be able to receive a fair hearing.

--- Page 50 ---
34 
 
These weaknesses in the Russian legal system could affect the Group’s ability to enforce its legal rights in Russia, 
including rights under contracts, or to defend itself against claims by others, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the 
Notes. 
The lack of independence of certain members of the judiciary, the difficulty of enforcing court decisions and 
governmental discretion in instigating, joining and enforcing claims could prevent the Group or the 
Noteholders from obtaining effective redress in a court proceeding and could materially adversely affect the 
value of the Notes 
The independence of the judicial system and its immunity from economic, political and nationalistic influences in 
Russia are also less than complete. The Russian court system in the past has been and may still be understaffed 
and underfunded. Russia, along with many western European states, such as Germany and France, is a civil law 
jurisdiction and, as such, judicial precedents generally have no binding effect on subsequent decisions. 
Enforcement of court judgments by law enforcement agencies can sometimes be time consuming because of the 
large number of outstanding court judgments. Additionally, court claims are often used in furtherance of political 
aims. The Group may be or may become subject to such claims and may not be able to receive a fair trial. 
There are also legal uncertainties relating to property rights. During Russia’s transformation from a centrally 
planned economy to a market economy, legislation has been enacted to protect private property against 
expropriation and nationalisation. However, it is possible that, due to the lack of experience in enforcing these 
provisions and due to political changes, these protections would not be enforced in the event of an attempted 
expropriation or nationalisation, or in the event that the Group’s business is reorganised. Expropriation or 
nationalisation of any of the Group’s entities, their assets or portions thereof, or their break-up into separate 
companies, potentially without adequate compensation, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
Russia’s real property law is subject to uncertainty and inconsistency 
The legal framework relating to the ownership and use of land and other real property in Russia is not yet 
sufficiently developed to support private ownership of land and other real estate to the same extent as is common 
in some of the more developed market economies of North America and Europe. Land use and title systems rely 
on complex traditional ownership systems. As a result, the title of land that the Group might invest in may be 
unclear or in doubt. Moreover, the validity of the Group’s right to title or use of its properties may be successfully 
challenged or invalidated due to technical violations or defects in title. Such instability creates uncertainties in the 
operating environment in the emerging market nations, which could hinder the Group’s long-term planning efforts 
and may prevent the Group from carrying out its business strategy effectively and efficiently. If the real property 
owned or leased by the Group is found not to be in compliance with all applicable approvals, consents, 
registrations or other regulations, the Group may lose the right to use such real property, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and 
the value of the Notes. 
Shareholder liability under Russian legislation could cause the Company to become liable for the obligations 
of its subsidiaries 
Under Russian law, the Company may be primarily liable for the obligations of its Russian subsidiaries jointly 
and severally with such entities if: (i) the Company has the ability to make decisions for such Russian subsidiaries 
as a result of its ownership interest, the terms of a binding contract or in any other way; and (ii) the relevant 
Russian subsidiary concluded the transaction giving rise to the obligations pursuant to the Company's instructions 
or with the consent of the Company, save for (a) voting of a parent company on approval of a transaction as 
shareholder or participant of the subsidiary in the general meeting or (b) approval of transaction to be entered by 
the subsidiary given by the parent’s corporate bodies under the charter of the parent and/or of the subsidiary. In 
addition, the Company may have secondary liability for the obligations of its Russian subsidiaries if the subsidiary 
becomes insolvent or bankrupt as a result of the action of the Company. Accordingly, the Company could be liable 
in some cases for the debts of its subsidiaries, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition, its ability to service its payment obligations under the Loan Agreements 
and as a consequence the Issuer's ability to make payments under or the value of the Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
35 
 
The Russian Government may impose export tariffs on Russian steel and mining producers, which could 
adversely affect the demand for its products 
Historically, the Russian Government has considered adopting export tariffs on certain steel and mining products, 
potentially including products produced by the Group. Certain of the Group’s major customers, as well as other 
major consumers of steel products, have presented, and may in the future present, to the Russian Government 
initiatives to introduce export duties in order to affect the pricing of steel and mining products in the domestic 
market. No decision has been made to this effect but the low risk of such export tariffs being adopted remains 
present in the long-term. In addition, any other forms of price regulation, such as introducing price ceilings, export 
quotas or cost-based pricing, could lead to lower revenues from the Group’ steelmaking operations. Any of the 
above factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Group is subject to anti-monopoly laws enforced by the FAS, which may result in certain limitations being 
imposed on the Group’s activities, the violation of which may result in civil, administrative and even criminal 
liability 
The Federal Law No. 135-FZ “On Protection of Competition” dated 26 July 2006, as amended, (the Competition 
Law) generally prohibits any concerted action, agreement or coordination of business activity that results or may 
result in, among other things, (i) price fixing, discounts, extra charges or margins; (ii) coordination of auction 
bids; (iii) partition of a commodity market by territory, volume of sales or purchases, types of goods, customers 
or suppliers; (iv) refusal to enter into contracts with buyers (customers) for reasons other than economic or 
technological reasons; (v) imposing unfavourable contractual terms; (vi) fixing disparate prices for the same 
goods, for reasons other than economic or technological reasons; (vii) creation of barriers to entering or exiting a 
market; and (viii) restriction of competition in any other way. There is no established court practice on what 
concerted actions or coordination of business activity is and courts interpret these concepts inconsistently. As a 
result, there is significant uncertainty as to what actions may be viewed as violation of the Competition Law. In a 
number of precedents, Russian courts found concerted actions where market participants acted in a similar way 
within the same period of time, although, arguably, there have been legitimate economic reasons for such 
behaviour and the behaviour was not aimed at restriction of competition. Therefore, there is a risk that the Group 
can be found in violation of the Competition Law if its market behaviour, vis-à-vis its customers or suppliers is 
viewed as being similar to behaviour of the Group’s competitors and perceived by the FAS as a purported 
restriction of competition. Such broad interpretations of the Competition Law may result in the FAS imposing 
substantial limitations on the Group’s activities, may limit operational flexibility and may result in civil, 
administrative and even criminal liability. 
Furthermore, the Group has expanded its operations through the acquisition of companies that are incorporated 
and operating in Russia or assets that are located in Russia, such as the mining companies that currently comprise 
Severstal Resources. Some of these acquisitions are, or were, subject to the prior approval or subsequent 
notification requirements of the FAS, or its predecessor agencies. Certain portions of these requirements are 
vaguely worded and there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to comply fully or that the FAS will not 
challenge the Group’s past compliance, which could result in administrative sanctions, required divestitures or 
limitations on operations.  
The FAS has ample powers to investigate perceived violations of the Competition Law, has become active in 
policing marketing, sales and supply strategies of major participants of the Russian steel industry and has 
previously brought charges against certain market participants alleging concerted actions in violation of the 
Competition Law.  
If the Group’s activities are found to be in violation of the Competition Law in any of the cases described above 
or in any other cases, the Group could be subject to penalties or ordered to change its business operations in a 
manner that increases costs or reduces profit margin and revenue, which can adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
In the event that the title to any Russian company acquired by the Group through privatisation, bankruptcy 
sale or by other means is successfully challenged, the Group may lose its ownership interest in that company 
or its assets 
Almost all of the Group’s steel making and mining assets in Russia consist of companies that have been privatised 
or that the Group acquired through bankruptcy proceedings or directly or indirectly from others who acquired 
them through privatisation or bankruptcy proceedings, and the Group may seek to acquire additional companies

--- Page 52 ---
36 
 
that have been privatised or that have undergone bankruptcy proceedings. In view of some analysts, privatisation 
legislation in Russia is vague, internally inconsistent and in conflict with other elements of Russian legislation. 
Although the statute of limitations for challenging transactions entered into in the course of privatisations is 
currently three years, privatisations may still be vulnerable to challenge, including through selective action by 
governmental authorities motivated by political or other extra legal considerations. 
If any of the Group’s acquisitions is challenged as having been improperly conducted and the Group is unable to 
defend itself successfully, the Group may lose its ownership interests, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
Russian tax laws and practice are not fully developed and are subject to frequent changes  
A significant part of the Group’s assets is located in, and operations are connected with, Russia. Therefore, the 
weaknesses in the Russian tax system could adversely affect the Group.  
The Russian subsidiaries of the Group are subject to a broad range of taxes and charges imposed at the federal, 
regional and local levels, including but not limited to, profits tax, value added tax (VAT), property tax and payroll-
related social security contributions.  
Russian law and regulations related to these taxes such as the Tax Code of the Russian Federation (the Russian 
Tax Code) have been in force for a relatively short period in comparison with tax laws and regulations in more 
developed market economies. The implementation of Russian tax law and regulations is often unclear or 
inconsistent. Historically, the system of tax collection in Russia has been relatively ineffective, resulting in the 
continual changes to the tax legislation, some of which are applied retroactively and may occur at a short notice.  
Although Russia’s tax climate and the quality of the Russian tax legislation have generally improved with the 
introduction of the Russian Tax Code, there can be no assurance that the Russian Tax Code will not be changed 
in the future in a manner adverse to the stability and predictability of the Russian tax system. A large number of 
changes have been introduced to various chapters of the Russian Tax Code since its adoption. The Federal Law 
No. 342-FZ dated 15 October 2020 increased the mineral extraction tax (MET) by 3.5 times for companies 
operating in the metals and mining and chemical industries by introducing a so-called rental coefficient for 
extraction of certain types of minerals. It is possible that the Russian Government may impose additional, arbitrary 
and/or onerous taxes, levies, fines and interest penalties in the future and/or increase tax rates of the respective 
taxes, which could adversely affect the business of the Group, financial condition or results of its operations. 
Russia’s inefficient tax collection system increases the likelihood of such events.  
Since Russian federal, regional and local tax laws and regulations are subject to frequent changes and some 
sections of the Russian Tax Code relating to the above-mentioned taxes are comparatively new, the interpretation 
and application of these laws and regulations is often unclear, unstable or non-existent. Differing interpretations 
of tax laws and regulations may exist both among and within government bodies at the federal, regional and local 
levels, increasing the number of existing uncertainties and tax risks and leading to the inconsistent enforcement 
of these tax laws and regulations in practice. In some instances, the Russian tax authorities have applied new 
interpretations of tax laws and regulations retroactively.  
During the past several years the Russian tax authorities have shown a tendency to take more assertive positions 
in their interpretation of tax legislation, which has led to an increased number of material tax assessments issued 
by them as a result of tax audits of companies operating in various industries. The Russian tax system is therefore 
impeded by the fact that it still relies heavily on the judgments of local tax officials which could take different 
approaches in different years. Private clarifications to specific taxpayers’ queries with respect to particular 
situations issued by the Russian Ministry of Finance are not binding on the Russian tax authorities. Therefore, 
there can be no assurance that the Russian tax authorities will not take a position contrary to the one set out in 
private clarification letters issued by the Russian Ministry of Finance to cases with similar circumstances. 
In the absence of a binding precedent, court rulings on tax or other related matters by different courts relating to 
the same or similar circumstances may be inconsistent or contradictory. It is therefore possible that transactions 
and activities of the Group that have not been challenged in the past may be challenged in the future, subject to 
the applicable statutory limitation period, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. There can be no assurance 
that the Russian legislation and regulations will not be altered, in whole or in part, in such a way that the 
arrangements described in this Base Prospectus would be subject to a tax treatment different from the treatment 
described herein, whether retroactively or otherwise, or would be affected adversely in some other way.

--- Page 53 ---
37 
 
Tax returns, together with related documentation, are subject to review and investigation by the Russian 
authorities, empowered by Russian law to impose fines and interest penalties on taxpayers. Subject to certain 
exceptions, tax returns remain open and subject to inspection by the Russian tax authorities in the course of onsite 
tax audits for a period of three calendar years immediately preceding the year in which the decision to conduct a 
tax audit has been taken. A repeated tax audit or a tax audit beyond the general three-year term may be conducted 
under certain conditions. Therefore, previous tax audits do not necessarily preclude subsequent claims relating to 
the audited period. 
The Russian Tax Code provides for the possible extension of the three-year statute of limitations for liabilities for 
tax offences if the taxpayer is deemed to obstruct the performance of the tax audit and this has become an 
insurmountable obstacle for the tax audit. Because the terms “obstructed” and “insurmountable obstacle” are not 
specifically defined in Russian tax law or any other branches of Russian law, the Russian tax authorities may 
attempt to interpret these terms broadly. Therefore, the statute of limitations is not entirely effective with respect 
to liability for payment of taxes in Russia. If as a result of such extended audit it is concluded that the Russian 
subsidiaries of the Group had significant tax underpayments for respective tax periods, it may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Tax audits may also impose 
additional administrative burden on the Group by diverting the attention of its management and financial 
personnel, requiring resources for defending the Group’s tax filing position, including for any tax litigation. 
The Russian transfer pricing legislation, which is currently in effect, allows the Russian tax authorities to make 
transfer pricing adjustments and impose additional tax liabilities in respect of all “controlled” transactions (except 
for those conducted at state regulated prices and tariffs). Due to a number of uncertainties in the interpretation of 
the current Russian transfer pricing legislation, no assurance can be given that the Russian tax authorities will not 
challenge the Group’s prices and make adjustments, which could affect the Group’s tax position unless the Group 
is able to justify the use of market prices with respect to “controlled” transactions supported by the appropriate 
transfer pricing documentation. The imposition of additional tax liabilities under the Russian transfer pricing 
legislation may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s tax position, business, financial condition, results 
of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The concept of a consolidated taxpayer (a Tax Group) was incorporated in the Russian Tax Code and became 
effective from 1 January 2012. These rules introduce consolidated tax reporting that enables the consolidation of 
the financial results of Russian companies for profits tax purposes which form one group. The Tax Group’s 
corporate income tax base should be based on income and expenses of its participants. The consolidated profits 
cannot be reduced by tax losses accumulated by the participants of the Tax Group prior to its establishment. 
Moreover, intragroup transactions are to be included in the consolidated tax base. There are several requirements 
which should be met for consolidated group creation, including thresholds established for the level of revenue and 
the amount of corporate income tax payable by the Tax Group. The Group has created the consolidated group of 
taxpayers, consisting of the Group’s Russian entities, with the Company being the responsible member. Previously 
registered agreements forming a Tax Group are effective until their termination date, but no later than 31 
December 2022. This effectively means that the concept of a consolidated taxpayer will cease to exist under 
current Russian tax law from 1 January 2023. If in the meantime the application of the consolidated group of 
taxpayers regime is challenged by the Russian tax authorities or minority shareholders of Severstal or its 
consolidated tax subsidiaries or the Group decides to cease to apply this regime even earlier, this may result in the 
increase of tax burden of the Group and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. The fact that under current Russian tax law the 
Group will not be able to use the concept of a consolidated taxpayer from 1 January 2023 may result in the increase 
of tax burden of the Group and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes. 
These changing conditions create tax risks in Russia that are more significant than those typically found in 
jurisdictions with more developed tax systems and complicate tax planning and related business decisions of the 
Group. Given the above circumstances, the Group’s tax burden may become greater than the estimated amount 
that it has paid or accrued on its balance sheet. In general, it is expected that Russian tax legislation will 
progressively become more sophisticated. The Group cannot provide investors with any assurance that additional 
Russian tax exposures will not arise. Such additional tax exposures could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and the value of the Notes. 
In addition, the Russian Federation introduced measures aimed at combating tax evasion through the use of low 
tax jurisdictions and aggressive international tax planning structures. The amendments introduced in the Russian 
Tax Code included, among others, controlled foreign companies (CFC) legislation and the beneficial ownership 
requirements. Under “controlled foreign companies” rules undistributed profits of certain foreign organisations as

--- Page 54 ---
38 
 
well as foreign structures without legal personality (such as funds, partnerships, trusts etc.), owned and/or 
controlled by Russian tax residents (legal entities and individuals) should be subject to taxation in Russia provided 
that certain criteria are met.  
The beneficial ownership concept, which is broadly in line with the concept developed by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD) states that double tax treaty relief should be available to 
foreign persons provided they have the actual right to receive income (i.e., they qualify as the “beneficial owners 
of income”). 
The introduction and further development of the above-mentioned rules and concepts and some other tax anti-
avoidance initiatives imposes additional administrative burden on the Group.  
In addition, on 1 July 2015, the Convention on Mutual Administrative Assistance in Tax Matters developed by 
the Council of Europe and the OECD came into effect. This convention enables the Russian tax authorities to 
obtain information for tax purposes from foreign countries, including certain offshore jurisdictions. On 12 May 
2016 Russia signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on the exchange of financial account 
information, thereby joining the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information (Common 
Reporting Standard, the CRS). The procedures for exchange of information established by the CRS are to be used 
by the Russian tax authorities in addition to application of the procedures of the exchange of information 
established by the applicable double tax treaties. In January 2017, Russia signed the Multilateral Competent 
Authority Agreement for Country-by-Country Reporting which is aimed at increasing transparency in respect of 
certain multinational enterprises. As the Group includes entities located outside Russia, the information on their 
activities and deals may be obtained by the Russian tax authorities through the above-mentioned channels. It 
remains to be seen how this information will be used and interpreted by the Russian tax authorities. 
In 2017, general anti-avoidance rules were introduced by Article 54.1 of the Russian Tax Code. A similar 
“unjustified tax benefit” concept introduced by the Plenum of the Supreme Arbitration Court of the Russian 
Federation in its Decree No. 53 has been in existence for more than 10 years in Russian tax law. The unjustified 
tax benefit concept has been widely used by the Russian tax authorities to challenge the tax position of Russian 
taxpayers, inter alia, with respect to the application of double tax treaty benefits. The new anti-avoidance rules (a) 
establish the framework within which taxpayers may enjoy tax benefits and (b) prohibit any willful misconduct 
resulting in non-payment or underpayment of taxes by misrepresenting information on commercial events and 
objects of taxation. In addition, taxpayers may reduce their tax base and/or payable amount of tax if they can 
document that (i) tax avoidance is not the primary purpose of a transaction and (ii) the contractual obligation is 
performed directly by the party named in the contract or by a person to whom such obligation has been transferred 
by contract or by law. Due to the fact that the court practice related to the application of the new rules is 
inconsistent, it is not possible to predict the exact effect which such rules may have on taxpayers, including the 
Russian companies of the Group. 
Historically, the Group and the main Russian entities of the Group have been paying significant amounts of taxes 
due to the scale of their operations. This fact together with the above factors, coupled with the potential for state 
budget deficits, raise the risk of the imposition of additional taxes, levies, fines and interest penalties on the Group. 
The introduction of new taxes or levies or the introduction of amendments to current taxation rules may have a 
substantial impact on the overall amount of tax liabilities of the respective entities of the Group. Although the 
Group undertakes measures aimed at minimising tax risks and the approach to management of tax liabilities and 
tax risks within the Group has been conservative, there is no assurance that the Russian entities of the Group 
would not be required to make substantially larger tax payments in the future, which may affect the financial 
results of the Group. In addition to creating a substantial tax burden, these risks and uncertainties complicate the 
Group’s tax planning and related business decisions, potentially exposing it and its Russian subsidiaries to 
significant additional taxes, levies, fines and interest penalties and enforcement measures, and could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects and 
the value of the Notes. 
The Group’s effective tax rate and financial condition could be affected by the Russian tax status of the non-
Russian subsidiaries of the Group  
The Group operates in various jurisdictions and includes companies incorporated outside of Russia. The Russian 
tax legislation on taxation of foreign companies in Russia or operations of Russian companies abroad is not 
comprehensive and there is no stable practice of its application. It is also subject to frequent changes.

--- Page 55 ---
39 
 
In particular, the Russian Tax Code contains a concept of a permanent establishment of foreign legal entities in 
Russia as a means for taxing foreign legal entities which carry out regular entrepreneurial activities in Russia 
falling beyond preparatory and auxiliary activities. However, the practical application of this concept is not well 
developed. As a result, foreign companies having even limited operations in Russia, which would not normally 
satisfy the conditions for creating a permanent establishment under international rules, may be at a risk of being 
treated as having a permanent establishment in Russia and be liable to Russian taxation, have obligations to 
withhold Russian taxes from payments to foreign individuals and legal entities as a tax agent. There were 
precedents where the Russian tax authorities sought to challenge the Russian tax status of foreign companies and 
some of their attempts were successful.  
As far as the permanent establishment risk is concerned, the amount of profit subject to taxation in Russia should 
be determined as income attributable to a permanent establishment. In particular, under transfer pricing rules, the 
amount of profit of a foreign entity that is attributable to its Russian permanent establishment is to be measured 
based on the functions undertaken by this Russian permanent establishment, accepted economic (commercial) 
risks attributable to such activity and the assets used. In order to determine the amount of profit of a foreign entity 
attributable to its permanent establishment in Russia, the Russian tax authorities may perform a functional analysis 
of an activity undertaken by a foreign entity in the territory of Russia.  
Under the concept of tax residency of foreign legal entities, foreign legal entities could be deemed Russian tax 
residents if it follows from the provisions of the applicable double tax treaty or their place of management is 
located in Russia under the Russian Tax Code (if no double tax treaty applies). In addition, the execution of certain 
routine functions in Russia for the benefit of a foreign legal entity may under certain circumstances lead to the 
recognition of such foreign legal entity as a Russian tax resident. If a foreign legal entity is recognised as a Russian 
tax resident, it would become liable to taxation by Russian profits tax in a manner similar to the taxation of Russian 
companies (based on its worldwide income), including the obligation to withhold Russian taxes from payments 
to foreign individuals and legal entities, and potentially all other taxes (including VAT, social tax etc.). 
The Group cannot rule out that as a result of the practical implementation of the above-mentioned concepts, their 
further development as well as the changes in the approach of the Russian tax authorities and/or the courts to the 
interpretation and application of such concepts and rules, the non-taxable status of some or all foreign companies 
of the Group in Russia may be challenged and such foreign companies may become subject to additional taxation 
in Russia which could have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Interest payments on any Loan may become subject to Russian withholding tax 
In general, interest on a loan paid by a Russian legal entity or an organisation to a non-Russian legal entity or 
organisation having no registered presence and/or no permanent establishment or no tax residency in Russia are 
subject to Russian withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. (or such other tax rate as could be effective as of the 
date of payment) which could be reduced or eliminated under the terms of an applicable double tax treaty subject 
to compliance with the treaty clearance formalities in a timely manner and provided, among others, that the foreign 
interest income recipient can qualify as the person having the actual right to income as defined in the Russian tax 
legislation.  
In accordance with Russian tax law, beneficial owner is defined as the person (foreign structure without legal 
entity) who based on direct or indirect participation in an organisation (Russian or foreign), control over the 
organisation (Russian or foreign) or due to other reasons has the right to use and dispose of the relevant income 
for his/her own benefit. Functions undertaken and risks borne by such person should be taken into account when 
determining the beneficial ownership status. A person cannot be regarded as a beneficial owner if he/she (1) has 
limited authorities to use or dispose of the income, (2) acts as an intermediary and undertakes no additional 
functions or accepts no risks, (3) is obliged to pass the income to a third party. 
Generally, no Russian withholding tax obligations should arise on interest on the loan provided to the Russian 
borrower in connection with the issuance of the notes by a foreign entity (the Eurobond structure) by virtue of 
the special exemption envisaged by the Russian Tax Code. Specifically, under the Russian Tax Code provides 
Russian borrowers should be fully released from the obligation to withhold income tax from interest and other 
payments on debt obligations made to foreign entities provided that certain conditions are met throughout the term 
of the respective debt obligation and the notes. Therefore, the Russian borrower should be released from the 
obligation to withhold Russian income tax from interest and other payments on the Loan provided that the 
respective conditions are met throughout the term of the respective Loan and the Notes of the respective Series,

--- Page 56 ---
40 
 
see “Taxation—Russian Federation” for more information about the specific conditions and certain practical 
issues that might arise in connection therewith. 
Importantly, the Russian Tax Code does not provide for exemption of interest income on the respective loan from 
Russian withholding tax (interest on the respective loans still qualify as Russian source income). However, there 
is currently no requirement and mechanism in the Russian tax legislation for non-Russian recipients of interest 
income being the legal entities and organisations to self-assess and pay the tax on the Russian-source income to 
the Russian tax authorities in case the tax was not withheld at source. There can be no assurance that such rules 
will not be introduced in the future or that the Russian tax authorities would not change their position on the matter 
in connection with Eurobond structures or would not make attempts to collect the tax from the non-Russian 
recipients of interest income, including the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
If interest and/or any other amounts due under any Loan become payable to the Trustee pursuant to the Trust 
Deed, there is some residual uncertainty whether the Trustee can qualify for the “entity authorised to receive 
interest income payable on the issued bonds” and hence whether the release from the obligation to withhold 
income tax from interest and other payments on any Loan would be available to the Company under the Russian 
Tax Code, see “Taxation—Russian Federation”. It is not expected that under such circumstances the Trustee will, 
or will be able to, claim a Russian withholding tax exemption or reduction under any applicable double tax treaty 
due to the nature of its functions. In addition, while some Noteholders that are persons not residing in Russia for 
tax purposes may be eligible for the exemption from or the reduction in Russian withholding tax or personal 
income tax, as applicable, under double tax treaties entered into between their countries of tax residence and the 
Russian Federation, where such treaties exist and to the extent they are applicable, there can be no assurance that 
the respective treaty relief will be available to them due to difficulties related to the advance tax relief, see 
“Taxation—Russian Federation”. 
In addition, on 7 June, 2017 Russia signed the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures 
to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (the MLI). Many other countries have also signed the MLI or 
expressed intention to sign the MLI. The MLI sets out additional requirements for the application of the double 
taxation treaty benefits, including in relation to the reduced withholding tax rates. The respective changes came 
into effect for some of double tax treaties concluded by Russia and covered by the MLI came into effect already 
from 1 January 2021 with more covered treaties to follow. The respective changes may negatively affect the 
availability of certain double taxation treaty benefits to Non-Resident Noteholders that are tax residents in the 
relevant countries. 
If interest payments and/or other amounts due under any Loan become subject to Russian withholding tax (as a 
result of which the Issuer or the Trustee will reduce interest payable under the corresponding Series of the Notes 
by the amount of such withholding taxes), the Company will be obliged (subject to certain conditions) under the 
terms of the relevant Loan Agreement to increase the amounts payable or to make such additional payments, 
respectively (“gross up”) as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount of payments received by the Issuer or 
Trustee will not be less than the amounts it would have received in the absence of such withholding. There is a 
risk that gross-up for withholding tax will not take place insofar as Russian law is concerned and that payments 
the Company makes under any Loan will be reduced by the amount of Russian income tax withheld by the 
Company at the rate of 20 per cent. (or such other rate as may be in force at the time of payment) or, potentially, 
with respect to Non-Resident Noteholders – Individuals (as defined under “Taxation—Russian Federation—
Taxation of the Notes—General”) Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such other rate as 
may be in force at the time of payment), see “Taxation—Russian Federation”. 
Sale or other disposal of the Notes in Russia by a Non-Resident Noteholder may become subject to Russian 
income tax reducing the value of the Notes 
Where proceeds from the sale or other disposal of the Notes (including proceeds attributable to accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Notes) are deemed to be received from a source within Russia by a Non-Resident Noteholder 
Individual, Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at 
the time of such sale or other disposal) will apply to the gross amount of the sales or other disposal proceeds 
realised upon such sale or other disposal of the Notes decreased by any available costs (including the acquisition 
costs of the Notes and other documented expenses relating to the acquisition, holding and sale or other disposal 
of the Notes), provided that the Notes qualify as securities under Russian law and the duly executed documentation 
supporting cost deductions is made available to the tax agent obliged to calculate and withhold Russian personal 
income tax (tax agent) in a timely manner. If no documentation supporting the cost deduction is provided to the 
tax agent, Russian personal income tax will be determined based on the gross amount of sales or other disposal 
proceeds. Russian personal income tax base should be determined in Roubles. For this purpose, sales or other

--- Page 57 ---
41 
 
disposal proceeds and deductible costs should be converted into Roubles based on the exchange rate of the Central 
Bank of Russia as of the date when the costs were incurred and sales or other disposal proceeds were received. 
This may result in taxable income occurring for Russian personal income tax purposes even though there may be 
no gain or a capital loss in the currency in which the Notes are traded. 
Although technically Russian personal income tax rate due on proceeds from sale or disposal of the Notes may be 
reduced or eliminated under provisions of an applicable double tax treaty concluded between Russia and the 
country of tax residency of a particular Non-Resident Noteholder Individual, subject to timely compliance by that 
Non-Resident Noteholder Individual with the treaty clearance formalities, in practice such Non-Resident 
Noteholder Individual may not be able to obtain the advance treaty relief in relation to sales or disposal proceeds 
and/or accrued interest income, as may be relevant, received from a source within Russia. Obtaining a refund of 
Russian personal income taxes that were excessively withheld in relation to this income can be difficult, or 
impossible in some cases.  
Generally, there should be no Russian tax on gains from the sale or other disposition of the Notes imposed on a 
Non-Resident Noteholder Legal Entity. There is, however, some uncertainty regarding the tax treatment of the 
portion of the sales or disposal proceeds, if any, attributable to accrued interest (coupon) on the Notes (i.e., debt 
obligations) where proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Notes are received from a source within 
Russia. The uncertainty is driven by isolated instances in which the Russian tax authorities challenged the non-
application of the Russian tax to the amount of accrued interest (coupon) embedded into the sale price of the 
Eurobonds. Although the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation in some of its clarification letters opined 
that the amount of sale or other disposal proceeds attributable to the accrued interest on the Eurobonds paid to a 
non-Russian organisation should not be regarded as Russian source income and on this basis should not be subject 
to taxation in Russia, there remains a possibility that a Russian entity or a foreign entity having a registered tax 
presence in Russia which purchases the Notes from the Non-Resident Noteholder Legal Entity or acts as an 
intermediary for other purchasers may seek to assess Russian withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. (or such 
other rate as could be effective at the time of such sale or other disposal) on the accrued interest portion of the 
disposal proceeds of the Notes. 
While some Non-Resident Noteholders may be eligible for an exemption from or a reduction in Russian 
withholding tax under applicable double tax treaties, there is no assurance that such exemption or reduction will 
be available in practice. 
The imposition or the possibility of imposition of this withholding tax as applicable under such circumstances 
could adversely affect the value of the Notes, see “Taxation—Russian Federation”. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes  
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated in and governed by the laws of The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Insolvency laws 
The Issuer has its “centre of main interests” (within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of 20 May 2015 
on insolvency proceedings (recast)) and its “central administration” (within the meaning of the Luxembourg law 
of 10 August 1915, on commercial companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915)) in Luxembourg. 
Accordingly, insolvency proceedings with respect to the Issuer may proceed under, and be governed by, the 
Luxembourg insolvency laws. The insolvency laws of Luxembourg may not be as favourable to investors’ 
interests as those of other jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar and may limit the ability of holders 
of the Notes to enforce their rights in respect of the Notes. Insolvency proceedings may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, assets and obligations. The following is a brief description of certain aspects of 
insolvency laws in Luxembourg.  
Under Luxembourg law, the following types of proceedings (altogether referred to as “insolvency proceedings”) 
may be opened against an entity having its “centre of main interests” in Luxembourg or an establishment within 
the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of 20 May 2015 (recast) (in relation to secondary proceedings): 
 
bankruptcy proceedings (faillite), the opening of which may be requested by the relevant 
Luxembourg company or by any of its creditors. Following such a request, the courts having 
jurisdiction may open bankruptcy proceedings, if that Luxembourg company (a) is in default of 
payment (cessation des paiements) and (b) has lost its commercial creditworthiness (ébranlement de

--- Page 58 ---
42 
 
crédit). If a court finds that these conditions are satisfied, it may also open bankruptcy proceedings, 
absent a request made by such Luxembourg company or a creditor. The main effect of such 
proceedings is the suspension of all measures of enforcement against the Luxembourg company, 
except, subject to certain limited exceptions, for secured creditors and the payment of creditors in 
accordance with their rank upon the realisation of assets; 
 
controlled management proceedings (gestion contrôlée), the opening of which may only be 
requested by the relevant Luxembourg company and not by its creditors; and 
 
composition proceedings (concordat préventif de la faillite), which may be requested only by the 
relevant Luxembourg company (having received prior consent of a majority of its creditors 
representing three quarters of all uncontested claims or claims admitted provisionally) and not by its 
creditors. The court’s decision to admit a company to the composition proceedings triggers a 
provisional stay on enforcement of claims by creditors. 
In addition to these proceedings, the ability of the holders of Notes to receive payment under the Notes may be 
affected by a decision of a court to grant a reprieve from payments (sursis de paiements) or to put the relevant 
Luxembourg company into judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire). Judicial liquidation proceedings may be 
opened at the request of the public prosecutor against companies pursuing an activity in violation of criminal laws 
or in serious violation of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce or of the laws governing commercial companies. 
The conduct of such liquidation proceedings will generally follow the same rules as those applicable to bankruptcy 
proceedings. 
The liability of the Issuer as issuer of the Notes will, in the event of a liquidation of the entity following bankruptcy 
or judicial liquidation proceedings, rank after the cost of liquidation (including any debt incurred for the purpose 
of such liquidation) and those debts of the Issuer that are entitled to priority under Luxembourg law. Preferential 
debts under Luxembourg law for instance include, among others: 
 
certain amounts owed to the Luxembourg tax authorities; 
 
value added tax and other taxes and duties owed to the Luxembourg Customs and Excise; 
 
social security contributions; and 
 
remuneration owed to employees. 
Article 20 of the Luxembourg law dated 5 August 2005 concerning financial collateral arrangements, as amended 
(the Collateral Act 2005) provides that all Luxembourg law collateral arrangements (pledges, security 
assignments and repo agreements) over claims and financial instruments falling within the scope of the Collateral 
Act 2005, as well as all enforcement measures and valuation and enforcement measures agreed upon by the parties 
in accordance with this law, are valid and enforceable even if entered into during the hardening period against 
third parties, commissioners, receivers, liquidators and other similar persons notwithstanding the insolvency 
proceedings (save in the case of fraud).  
Article 24 of the Collateral Act 2005 provides that foreign law security interests over claims or financial 
instruments granted by a Luxembourg company will be valid and enforceable as a matter of Luxembourg law 
notwithstanding any Luxembourg insolvency proceedings, if such foreign law security interests are similar to a 
Luxembourg security interest falling within the scope of the Collateral Act 2005 and even if entered into during 
the hardening period (save in case of fraud). 
Article 21 (2) of the Collateral Act 2005 provides that where a financial collateral arrangement has been entered 
into after the opening of liquidation proceedings or the coming into force of reorganisation measures or the entry 
into force of such measures, such arrangement is enforceable against third parties, administrators, insolvency 
receivers, liquidators and other similar organs if the collateral taker proves that it was unaware of the fact that 
such proceedings had been opened or that such measures had been taken or that it could not reasonably be aware 
of it. 
During insolvency proceedings, all enforcement measures by unsecured creditors are suspended. Other than as 
described above, the ability of secured creditors to enforce their security interests may also be limited, particularly 
in the event of controlled management proceedings automatically causing the rights of secured creditors to be 
frozen until a final decision has been taken by a Luxembourg court as to the petition for controlled management,

--- Page 59 ---
43 
 
and may be affected thereafter by a reorganisation order given by the court. A reorganisation order requires the 
prior approval by more than 50 per cent. of the creditors representing more than 50 per cent. of the relevant 
Luxembourg company’s liabilities in order to take effect. 
Furthermore, investors should note that declarations of default and subsequent acceleration (such as acceleration 
upon the occurrence of an event of default) may not be enforceable during controlled management proceedings, 
excluding declarations of default, subsequent acceleration and any similar enforcement actions in connection with 
any financial collateral agreement falling within the scope of the Collateral Act 2005. 
Transactions that may be challenged or set aside 
Luxembourg insolvency laws may also affect transactions entered into or payments made by a Luxembourg entity 
(such as the Issuer) during the period before bankruptcy, the so-called “suspect period” (période suspecte), which 
is a maximum of six months (and 10 days, depending on the transaction in question) preceding the judgment 
declaring bankruptcy, except that in certain specific situations the Luxembourg court may set the start of the 
suspect period at an earlier date (if the bankruptcy judgment was preceded by another insolvency bankruptcy 
judgment under Luxembourg law, in which case the court may set the maximum of up to six months prior to the 
filing for such controlled management). In particular: 
 
pursuant to Article 445 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce (Code de commerce), specified 
transactions (such as, in particular, the payment of debts which have not fallen due, whether payment 
is made in cash or by way of assignment, sale, set-off or by any other means; the payment of debts 
which have fallen due by any means other than in cash or by bill of exchange; the sale of assets 
without consideration or with substantially inadequate consideration) entered into during the suspect 
period (or the 10 days preceding it) must be set aside or declared null and void, if so requested by 
the insolvency receiver; 
 
pursuant to Article 446 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, payments made for matured debts 
as well as other transactions concluded for consideration during the suspect period are subject to 
cancellation by the court upon proceedings instituted by the insolvency receiver if they were 
concluded with the knowledge of the bankrupt party’s cessation of payments; and 
 
in the case of bankruptcy, Article 448 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce and article 1167 of 
the Luxembourg Civil Code (action paulienne or actio pauliana) gives the insolvency receiver 
(acting on behalf of the creditors) the right to challenge any fraudulent payments and transactions, 
including the granting of security with an intent to defraud, made prior to the bankruptcy, without 
any time limit. The conditions governing the actio pauliana are the following: (i) the creditor must 
prove that the act he challenges actually caused him some harm; (ii) the creditor must prove the 
fraudulent intent of his debtor, which may be inferred; and (iii) the creditor’s claim must precede the 
transaction challenged for fraud. 
The transactions potentially subject to avoidance also include those entered into by the Issuer in connection with 
the issue of the Notes.  
In principle, a bankruptcy order rendered by a Luxembourg court does not result in automatic termination of 
contracts except for intuitu personae contracts, that is, contracts for which the identity of the company or its 
solvency were crucial. The contracts, therefore, subsist after the bankruptcy order. However, the insolvency 
receiver may choose to terminate certain contracts. As of the date of adjudication of bankruptcy, no interest on 
any unsecured claim will accrue vis-à-vis the bankruptcy estate. 
Insolvency proceedings may therefore have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and assets and the 
Issuer’s respective obligations under the Notes. 
Finally, international aspects of Luxembourg bankruptcy, controlled management or composition proceedings 
may be subject to the E.U. Insolvency Regulation. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes and the Trading Market 
Before making their investment decision, potential investors in the Notes should read the terms of the Facility 
Agreement, and in particular the covenants and events of default, and certain exclusions therefrom, which in 
substance will define the limits of a Noteholder’s rights and remedies, see “Facility Agreement”.

--- Page 60 ---
44 
 
Payments under each Loan Agreement are structurally subordinated to existing indebtedness of the Group’s 
subsidiaries, and these subsidiaries may incur further such indebtedness in the future 
The obligations of the Company under each Loan Agreement are structurally subordinated to the existing 
obligations of the Company’s subsidiaries. In addition, subject to certain limitations set out in the Loan 
Agreements, the Company and its subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, 
including debt that may be secured or structurally senior to the debt under each Loan. Any such additional debt 
incurred by the Company’s subsidiaries would be structurally senior to the obligations of the Company under each 
Loan Agreement. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had US$2.6 billion of total debt finance. Secured 
indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries may also rank effectively senior to the obligations of the 
Company under each Loan Agreement. The incurrence of such additional indebtedness by the Company or its 
subsidiaries could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, future 
prospects and the value of the Notes. 
The Company may be unable to repay its obligations under a Loan Agreement 
At maturity, the Company may not have the funds to fulfil its obligations under a Loan Agreement and may not 
be able to arrange for additional financing. If the maturity date of a Loan occurs at a time when other arrangements 
prohibit the Company from repaying that Loan, the Company would try to obtain waivers of such prohibitions 
from the lenders under those arrangements, or the Company could attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain 
the restrictions. If the Company could not obtain the waivers or refinance these borrowings, the Company would 
be unable to repay that Loan. 
Noteholders’ recourse against the Issuer is limited 
The Issuer is only obliged to make payments under a Series of Notes to the Noteholders in an amount equivalent 
to sums of principal, interest and/or additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of the 
Issuer under the relevant Loan Agreement, less any amount in respect of Reserved Rights. Consequently, if the 
Company fails to fully satisfy its obligations under a Loan Agreement, the Noteholders of the corresponding Series 
of Notes will receive less than the scheduled amount of principal, interest and/or additional amounts (if any) on 
the relevant due date. 
Noteholders have no direct recourse against the Company 
Except as otherwise disclosed in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and in the Trust Deed, no proprietary or 
other direct interest in the Issuer’s rights under or in respect of the Loan Agreements or the Loans exists for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. Subject to the terms of the Trust Deed, no Noteholder will have any entitlement to 
enforce any of the provisions of the Loan Agreements or have direct recourse against the Group, except through 
action by the Trustee under the Security Interests (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). Neither 
the Issuer nor the Trustee under the Assigned Rights (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) shall be 
required to monitor the financial performance or status of the Group or to enter into proceedings to enforce 
payment under a Loan Agreement unless it has been indemnified and/or secured by the Noteholders to its 
satisfaction against all liabilities, proceedings, claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable and all 
costs, charges and expenses which may be incurred by it in connection therewith. 
Payments of principal and/or interest by the Company under each Loan Agreement to, or to the order of, the 
Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent will satisfy the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes. Consequently, 
Noteholders will have no further recourse against the Issuer or the Group after such payment is made. 
The debt agreements that the Group has entered into include covenants that may restrict the Group from 
making certain business decisions and/or carrying out its business strategy 
Certain of the Group’s debt instruments contain restrictions limiting its flexibility in operating its business. 
Depending on the debt instrument, such restrictions may limit the Group’s ability to: 
 
create liens; 
 
engage in mergers, acquisitions and reorganisation procedures; 
 
dispose of assets;  
 
change business substantially;

--- Page 61 ---
45 
 
 
provide guarantees or other security; or 
 
incur additional indebtedness. 
These restrictions could hinder the Group’s ability to carry out its business strategy and the Group’s ability to 
make payments on the Loans. 
In addition, a breach of a Loan Agreement or the terms of other debt instruments could cause a default under the 
terms of the Group’s other financing arrangements, causing all debt under those financing arrangements to become 
due. No assurance can be given that if the indebtedness under the relevant Loan Agreement were to be accelerated, 
the assets of the Group would be sufficient to generate the funds necessary to repay the relevant Loan, and thus 
the corresponding Series of Notes, in full in satisfaction of its obligations under the relevant Loan Agreement. 
The Group may prepay the loans under the Loan Agreements 
Under the terms of each Loan Agreement, the Company may, subject to certain conditions, prepay the relevant 
Loan if it is required to increase its payments for tax reasons if the increased payment obligation results from any 
change in the applicable tax laws or treaties or from the change in application of existing tax laws or treaties or 
from enforcement of the security provided for in connection with the corresponding Series of Notes. The Company 
may also prepay a Loan if it is required to indemnify the Issuer in respect of certain increased costs to the Issuer 
(as may be set out in the relevant Loan Agreement). In the event that it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to allow 
a Loan to remain outstanding under the relevant Loan Agreement, to allow the corresponding Series of Notes to 
remain outstanding, to maintain or give effect to any of its obligations under the relevant Loan Agreement and/or 
to charge or receive or be paid interest at the rate then applicable to the relevant Loan, the Company may be 
required by the Issuer to prepay the relevant Loan in full. In case of any such prepayment, all outstanding Notes 
of such Series of Notes would be redeemable at par together with accrued interest. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
There may not be an existing market for the Notes at the time they are issued. Although each Series of Notes is 
expected to be listed on Euronext Dublin and traded on the Regulated Market, an active trading market in the 
Notes may not develop or be maintained after listing. If an active trading market does not develop or cannot be 
maintained, this could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and the trading price of the Notes. In addition, 
Securities markets, in recent periods, have experienced significant price fluctuations. These fluctuations were 
often unrelated to the operating performance of the companies whose securities are traded on such stock markets. 
Market fluctuations as well as adverse economic conditions have negatively affected the market price of many 
securities and may affect the market price of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(LIBOR), which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such 
financial instruments (Benchmarks), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as 
to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, 
with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than 
it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Under the Facility Agreement, if for any reason the LIBOR rate should become unavailable, the interest rate 
applicable to any Floating Rate Loan linked to the LIBOR benchmark will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by averaging quotes obtained from reference banks, if available, or, if only one or no such quotes are available, 
by averaging rates for deposits in the specified currency obtained from reference banks, if any, or, if no such rates 
are available, by using the last available LIBOR rate, as described Clause 4.3.3(ii) (Rate of Interest for Floating 
Rate Loans). As a result, if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain such quotes and rates and no amendment is 
made to the Facility Agreement, such Floating Rate Loans will become fixed rate loans utilising the last available 
LIBOR rate determined under Clause 4.3.3(ii).  Additionally, absent any future amendment to the Facility 
Agreement, such Floating Rate Loans will continue to pay interest at the fallback fixed rate even if a replacement 
index is subsequently established for LIBOR for use in connection with other securities or for other purposes.  
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates 
LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to

--- Page 62 ---
46 
 
submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. Therefore, it is generally 
expected by market participants that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. 
It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions 
to the administrator of LIBOR going forward. This may cause LIBOR to perform differently than it did in the past 
and may have other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
At this time, it is not possible to predict what the effect of these developments will be or what the impact on the 
value of the Loans and consequently, the Notes will be. More generally, any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other Benchmark as a result of international, national, or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing 
and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any Notes based on or linked to a Benchmark. 
Ratings of the Notes 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Where a Series of Notes is rated, the rating assigned to the Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus. 
Changes to the credit ratings of Russia, the Company or the Programme may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes 
Outstanding Eurobonds of Russia are rated “Baa3” by Moody’s, “BBB-” by Standard & Poor’s and “BBB” by 
Fitch. Series of Notes issued under this Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of certain Series of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus, and if 
such Series of Notes is rated, it will be rated by Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and/or Moody’s, as indicated in such 
applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus. During the course of 2014, international rating agencies Standard & 
Poor's and Moody's downgraded their foreign currency sovereign debt rating for the Russian Federation below 
“investment grade”. Since then, the sovereign debt rating of the Russian Federation has several times been under 
review by the rating agencies. On 8 February 2019, Moody’s affirmed its sovereign debt rating for the Russian 
Federation at “Baa3” and revised its outlook from positive to stable. On 23 February 2018, Standard & Poor’s 
affirmed its sovereign debt rating for the Russian Federation at “BBB-” and revised its outlook from positive to 
stable. On 9 August 2019, Fitch upgraded its sovereign debt rating for the Russian Federation to “BBB”. A change 
in the credit rating of one or more other Russian corporate borrowers could also adversely affect the trading price 
of the Notes. 
The foregoing credit ratings and any credit rating(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus do 
not mean that the Notes are a suitable investment. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. The 
ratings do not address the likelihood that the principal on the Notes will be prepaid, paid on an expected final 
payment date or paid on any particular date before the legal final maturity date of the Notes. The ratings do not 
address the marketability of the Notes or any market price. The significance of each rating should be analysed 
independently from any other rating. Any changes in the credit ratings of the Company or the Notes could 
adversely affect the value of the Notes and the price that a subsequent purchaser will be willing to pay for the 
Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to the review by, 
or regulation of, certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments to it; (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under 
any applicable risk based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 63 ---
47 
 
The Notes may only be transferred in accordance with the procedures of the depositaries in which the Notes 
are deposited 
Except in limited circumstances, the Notes will be issued only in global form with interests therein held through 
the facilities of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Notes 
is shown on, and the transfer of that ownership is effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or their nominees and the records of their participants. The laws of some 
jurisdictions may require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive 
form. These laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the Notes. Because Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC can only act on behalf of their participants, which, in turn, act on behalf 
of owners of beneficial interests held through such participants and certain banks, the ability of a person having a 
beneficial interest in a note to pledge or transfer such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC systems may be impaired. 
The United States federal income tax characterisation of the Notes is uncertain 
No authority directly addresses the US federal income tax characterisation of securities like the Notes and the 
Issuer has not and will not seek a ruling from the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) as to their characterisation 
for such purposes. Although the matter is not free from doubt, to the extent relevant for US federal income tax 
purposes, the Issuer intends to take the position that a beneficial owner of a Note will be treated for such purposes 
as the beneficial owner of a debt instrument. Such characterisation is binding on all US Holders (as defined under 
“—Taxation—Certain US Federal Income Tax Considerations”) unless a US Holder discloses otherwise on its 
US federal income tax return. No assurance can be given that the IRS will not assert, or a court would not sustain, 
a position regarding the characterisation of the Notes that is contrary to this treatment. Alternative 
characterisations include treatment of the Notes as equity in the Issuer or as other types of financial instruments. 
If the Notes were treated as equity interests of the Issuer, US Holders may be treated as owning interests in a 
passive foreign investment company, which could have materially adverse tax consequences for a US Holder. 
Prospective investors should seek advice from their tax advisors as to the consequences to them of investing in 
the Notes, including their treatment for US federal income tax purposes. 
Further notes of a Series of Notes issued in additional offerings by the Issuer may not be fungible for US 
federal income tax purposes with the Notes issued in the original offering of that Series of Notes 
If the further notes of a Series of Notes are not fungible for US federal income tax purposes with the Notes issued 
in the original offering of that Series of Notes, US holders of those notes may be required to accrue OID (or a 
different amount of OID) on the further notes into income. In such case, because the further notes may not be 
distinguishable from the previously outstanding Notes, the market value of all of the Notes may be adversely 
affected, see “Taxation—Certain US Federal Income Tax Considerations—Further Notes”.

--- Page 64 ---
48 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The gross proceeds from each offering of a Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer for the sole purpose of 
financing the corresponding Loan to the Company. The gross proceeds of such Loan will be used by the Company 
for general corporate purposes unless otherwise specified in the relevant Loan Agreement. In connection with the 
receipt of such Loan, the Company will pay an arrangement fee, as reflected in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
49 
 
EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION 
The official currency of the Russian Federation, where the majority of the Group’s assets are located, is the 
Russian Rouble. However, the Financial Statements are reported in US dollars. As a result, fluctuations in the 
value of the Rouble against the US dollar may affect these results when translated into US dollars, see “Risk 
Factors—Risk Factors Relating to the Group and the Steel and Mining Industries— Significant depreciation or 
appreciation of the Rouble and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may materially affect the Group’s 
results of operations”, and “Operating and Financial Review—Key Factors Affecting the Group’s Financial 
Results—Exchange rate movements”. 
The table below sets out, for the periods and dates indicated, certain information regarding the exchange rate 
between the Rouble and the US dollar, based on the official exchange rate quoted by the CBR. Fluctuations in the 
exchange rates between the Rouble and the US dollar in the past are not necessarily indicative of fluctuations that 
may occur in the future. These rates may also differ from the actual rates used in the preparation of the Financial 
Statements and other information presented in this Base Prospectus. 
 
RUB per US$1.00 
Year ended 31 December 
High 
Low 
Period 
average(1) 
Period 
end 
2016...................................................................................  
83.59 
60.27 
67.02 
60.66 
2017...................................................................................  
60.75 
55.85 
58.35 
57.60 
2018...................................................................................  
69.97 
55.67 
62.70 
69.47 
2019...................................................................................  
69.47 
61.72 
64.73 
61.91 
2020  ..................................................................................  
80.88 
60.95 
72.13 
73.88 
2021  
 
 
 
 
January ..............................................................................  
76.25 
73.36 
74.22 
76.25 
February ............................................................................  
76.25 
73.29 
74.38 
74.44 
March (through 5 March 2021) .........................................  
74.58 
73.52 
74.07 
73.79 
 
(1) 
The average is calculated as a geometric average in respect of each day during relevant period. 
No representation is made that the Rouble amounts referred to in this Base Prospectus could have been or could 
be converted into US dollars at the above exchange rates or at any other rate.

--- Page 66 ---
50 
 
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets out the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, short-term debt finance and capitalisation as 
at 31 December 2020 on a consolidated basis. Prospective investors should read this table in conjunction with 
“Selected Consolidated Financial Information”, “Operating and Financial Review” and the Financial Statements 
which are included in this Base Prospectus beginning on page F-2. 
As at  
31 December 2020  
 
(US$ millions) 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................................................ 
583 
Short-term debt finance ............................................................................................ 
610 
Long-term debt finance ............................................................................................. 
2,002 
Equity 
Share capital ................................................................................................................ 
2,753 
Treasury shares ............................................................................................................ 
(104) 
Additional capital ........................................................................................................ 
308 
Translation reserve ...................................................................................................... 
(2,516) 
Retained earnings ........................................................................................................ 
2,280 
Other reserves .............................................................................................................. 
8 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of PАО Severstal .................................. 
2,729 
Non-controlling interests ........................................................................................... 
15 
Total equity ................................................................................................................ 
2,744 
Total equity and long-term debt finance (capitalisation) ....................................... 
4,746 
There has been no material change in the Group's total capitalisation since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 67 ---
51 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set forth, in summary form, the consolidated statements of financial position, the income 
statements and other information relating to the Group. Such information has been derived from the Financial 
Statements of the Group prepared in accordance with IFRS. The audit report of JSC KPMG relating to the 
Financial Statements of the Group (the Report of KPMG) appears elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The financial 
information presented below should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements, the Report of KPMG 
and “Operating and Financial Review”. 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Revenue 
Revenue - third parties.....................................................................  
6,744 
8,002 
8,436 
Revenue - related parties .................................................................  
126 
155 
144 
6,870 
8,157 
8,580 
Cost of sales ....................................................................................  
(3,952) 
(4,908) 
(4,918) 
Gross profit ....................................................................................  
2,918 
3,249 
3,662 
General and administrative expenses ...............................................  
(428) 
(357) 
(306) 
Distribution expenses ......................................................................  
(544) 
(532) 
(578) 
Other taxes and contributions ..........................................................  
(28) 
(56) 
(69) 
Share of associates' and joint ventures' profits .................................  
17 
20 
14 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets ...............................................................................................  
(21) 
(12) 
(23) 
Net other operating income .............................................................  
16 
15 
7 
Profit from operations ...................................................................  
1,930 
2,327 
2,707 
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment of non-current assets .............  
(11) 
5 
68 
Net other non-operating expenses ...................................................  
(50) 
(74) 
(50) 
Profit before financing and taxation ................................................  
1,869 
2,258 
2,725 
Finance income ...............................................................................  
13 
5 
14 
Finance costs ...................................................................................  
(135) 
(137) 
(113) 
(Loss)/gain on remeasurement and disposal of financial 
instruments ......................................................................................  
(77) 
(19) 
58 
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain ...........................................................  
(361) 
125 
(165) 
Profit before income tax ................................................................  
1,309 
2,232 
2,519 
Income tax expense .........................................................................  
(293) 
(465) 
(468) 
Profit for the period ......................................................................  
1,016 
1,767 
2,051 
 
Attributable to: 
shareholders of PAO Severstal ........................................................  
1,016 
1,766 
2,051 
non-controlling interests ..................................................................  
- 
1 
- 
Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding during  
the period (millions of shares)  ........................................................  
825 
825 
817 
Basic earnings per share (US dollars)  .............................................  
1.23 
2.14 
2.51 
Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the 
period (millions of shares)  ..............................................................  
850 
849 
848 
Diluted earnings per share (US dollars) ...........................................  
1.23 
2.08 
2.47

--- Page 68 ---
52 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except 
as otherwise stated) 
Assets 
Current assets: 
Cash and cash equivalents .........................................................  
583 
1,081 
228 
Short-term financial investments ...............................................  
6 
6 
7 
Trade accounts receivable .........................................................  
529 
582 
554 
Accounts receivable from related parties ...................................  
18 
21 
20 
Inventories .................................................................................  
888 
1,137 
1,087 
VAT recoverable .......................................................................  
97 
97 
66 
Income tax recoverable ..............................................................  
- 
5 
5 
Other current assets ...................................................................  
107 
166 
105 
Total current assets .................................................................  
2,228 
3,095 
2,072 
Non-current assets: 
Long-term financial investments ...............................................  
33 
26 
8 
Investments in associates and joint ventures .............................  
116 
120 
76 
Property, plant and equipment ...................................................  
4,746 
4,670 
3,469 
Intangible assets ........................................................................  
252 
279 
212 
Deferred tax assets .....................................................................  
12 
15 
27 
Other non-current assets ............................................................  
9 
17 
10 
Total non-current assets ..........................................................  
5,168 
5,127 
3,802 
Total assets ...............................................................................  
7,396 
8,222 
5,874 
Liabilities and shareholders' equity 
Current liabilities: 
Trade accounts payable .............................................................  
648 
709 
545 
Accounts payable to related parties ...........................................  
9 
17 
21 
Short-term debt finance .............................................................  
610 
290 
110 
Income taxes payable ................................................................  
15 
19 
11 
Other taxes and social security payable .....................................  
146 
126 
107 
Dividends payable .....................................................................  
8 
7 
6 
Other current liabilities ..............................................................  
334 
418 
323 
Total current liabilities ............................................................  
1,770 
1,586 
1,123 
Non-current liabilities: 
Long-term debt finance .............................................................  
2,002 
2,361 
1,345 
Deferred tax liabilities ...............................................................  
372 
365 
295 
Retirement benefit liabilities .....................................................  
61 
74 
56 
Other non-current liabilities.......................................................  
447 
358 
176 
Total non-current liabilities ....................................................  
2,882 
3,158 
1,872 
Equity: 
Share capital ..............................................................................  
2,753 
2,753 
2,753 
Treasury shares ..........................................................................  
(104) 
(107) 
(133) 
Additional capital ......................................................................  
308 
308 
308 
Translation reserve ....................................................................  
(2,516) 
(1,982) 
(2,345) 
Retained earnings ......................................................................  
2,280 
2,483 
2,274 
Other reserves ............................................................................  
8 
8 
8 
Total equity attributable to shareholders of PAO Severstal  
2,729 
3,463 
2,865 
Non-controlling interests .........................................................  
15 
15 
14 
Total equity ..............................................................................  
2,744 
3,478 
2,879 
Total equity and liabilities ......................................................  
7,396 
8,222 
5,874

--- Page 69 ---
53 
 
SUMMARY CASH FLOW STATEMENT DATA 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars) 
Net cash from operating activities .............................................  
2,144 
2,292 
2,254 
Net cash used in investing activities ..........................................  
(1,338) 
(1,012) 
(466) 
Net cash used in financing activities .........................................  
(1,253) 
(443) 
(2,557) 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except 
as otherwise stated) 
Adjusted EBITDA (1) .................................................................  
2,422 
2,805 
3,142 
Net interest expense (2) ...............................................................  
122 
129 
91 
Total debt finance (3) ..................................................................  
2,612 
2,651 
1,455 
Net debt (4) .................................................................................  
2,029 
1,570 
1,227 
Certain ratios 
Adjusted EBITDA/Interest expense (5) ......................................  
18.1 
20.9 
30.2 
Adjusted EBITDA/Net interest expense (6) ................................  
19.9 
21.7 
34.5 
Net debt/ Adjusted EBITDA (7) ..................................................  
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
Total debt finance/ Adjusted EBITDA (8) ..................................  
1.1 
0.9 
0.5 
Adjusted EBITDA margin (9) .....................................................  
35.3% 
34.4% 
36.6% 
Adjusted EBITDA by reporting segments (1) 
Severstal Russian Steel ..............................................................  
1,528 
1,528 
2,167 
Severstal Resources ...................................................................  
958 
1,248 
1,016 
Adjusted EBITDA margin by reporting segments (10) 
Severstal Russian Steel ..............................................................  
22.3% 
19.0% 
27.8% 
Severstal Resources ...................................................................  
52.5% 
57.5% 
53.2% 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
The Group defines Adjusted EBITDA as profit from operations plus depreciation and amortisation of productive assets (including the 
Group’s share in depreciation and amortisation of associates and joint ventures) adjusted for gain/(loss) on disposals of property, plant 
and equipment and intangible assets and for share of associates’ and joint ventures’ non-operating income/(expenses). 
 
Adjusted EBITDA is presented as a supplemental measure of the Group’s operating performance, which the Group believes is 
frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the steel industry. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and investors should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for 
analysis of the Group’s operating results as reported under IFRS. Some of these limitations are as follows: 
a) 
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of financing costs, which can be significant and could further increase if 
the Group incurs more debt, on the Group’s operating performance. 
b) 
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of income taxes on the Group’s operating performance. 
c) 
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of depreciation and amortisation on the Group’s operating performance. 
The assets of the Group’s businesses, which are being depreciated, depleted and/or amortised, will have to be replaced 
in the future and such depreciation and amortisation expense may approximate the cost to replace these assets in the 
future. By excluding this expense from Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the Group’s future cash 
requirements for these replacements. Adjusted EBITDA also does not reflect the impact of gain/(loss) on disposal of 
property, plant and equipment and intangible asset. 
d) 
Other companies in the steel and mining industries may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently or may use it for 
different purposes than the Group, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 
The Group relies primarily on its IFRS operating results and uses Adjusted EBITDA only supplementally. See the Financial 
Statements beginning on page F-2 of this Base Prospectus. Adjusted EBITDA is not defined by, or presented in accordance with, 
IFRS. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of the Group’s operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as 
an alternative to profit, operating profit, net cash provided by operating activities or any other measure of performance under IFRS 
or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities or as a measure of the Group’s liquidity. In particular, Adjusted EBITDA 
should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to the Group to invest in the growth of its business. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA disclosed in this Base Prospectus is calculated differently from the reporting requirements of the SEC for 
EBITDA and equals to the Group’s EBITDA in the Financial Statements. See appropriate reconciliation below. 
(2) 
Net interest expense consists of interest expense and interest income. 
(3) 
Total debt finance is a measure of indebtedness and borrowing position which is equal to short-term and long-term debt finance. 
(4) 
Net debt is a measure of indebtedness and borrowing position which is equal to the total debt finance less cash and cash equivalents. 
(5) 
Adjusted EBITDA/Interest expense is a measure of the Group’s ability to meet its interest expenses which is equal to Adjusted EBITDA 
divided by the interest expense. 
(6) 
Adjusted EBITDA/Net interest expense is a measure of the Group’s ability to meet its net interest expenses which is equal to Adjusted 
EBITDA divided by the net interest expense. 
(7) 
Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of financial leverage to demonstrate the Group’s ability to repay its debt obligations which is 
equal to the net debt divided by Adjusted EBITDA.

--- Page 70 ---
54 
 
(8) 
Total debt finance/Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of financial leverage to demonstrate the Group’s ability to repay its debt obligations 
which is equal to the total debt finance divided by Adjusted EBITDA. 
(9) 
Adjusted EBITDA margin is a measure of operating profitability which is equal to Adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenues. 
(10) 
Adjusted EBITDA margin by reporting segment is a measure of operating profitability for such segment which is equal to Adjusted 
EBITDA divided by revenues for such segment. 
Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation(1) 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars) 
Profit for the period 
1,016 
1,767 
2,051 
Add: 
Income tax expense ............................................................... 
293 
465 
468 
Foreign exchange loss/(gain) ................................................. 
361 
(125) 
165 
Loss/(gain) on remeasurement and disposal of financial 
instruments ............................................................................ 
77 
19 
(58) 
Finance costs ......................................................................... 
135 
137 
113 
Finance income ...................................................................... 
(13) 
(5) 
(14) 
Net other non-operating expenses.......................................... 
50 
74 
50 
Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of non-current assets ... 
11 
(5) 
(68) 
Depreciation and amortisation of productive assets ............... 
460 
464 
405 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets ..................................................................... 
21 
12 
23 
Share of associates' and joint-ventures’ depreciation and 
amortisation and non-operating income................................. 
11 
2 
7 
Adjusted EBITDA ....................................................................... 
2,422 
2,805 
3,142 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Adjusted EBITDA disclosed in this Base Prospectus is calculated differently from the reporting requirements of the SEC for EBITDA 
and equals to the Group’s EBITDA in the Financial Statements. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA by reporting segments reconciliation 
Severstal Russian Steel 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Profit from operations ................................................................... 
1,209 
1,218 
1,877 
Add: 
Depreciation and amortisation of productive assets ............ 
290 
299 
268 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets ................................................................... 
18 
9 
16 
Share of associates' and joint ventures' depreciation and 
amortisation and non-operating income .............................. 
11 
2 
6 
Adjusted EBITDA ....................................................................... 
1,528 
1,528 
2,167 
 
Severstal Resources 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Profit from operations ................................................................... 
785 
1,080 
872 
Add: 
Depreciation and amortisation of productive assets ................ 
170 
165 
137 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets ...................................................................... 
3 
3 
7 
Adjusted EBITDA ....................................................................... 
958 
1,248 
1,016

--- Page 71 ---
55 
 
Net interest expense reconciliation 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Interest expense ............................................................................. 
(134) 
(134) 
(104) 
Less: 
Interest income .............................................................................. 
12 
5 
13 
Net interest expense ..................................................................... 
(122) 
(129) 
(91) 
 
Total debt finance reconciliation 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Short-term debt finance ................................................................. 
610 
290 
110 
Plus: 
Long-term debt finance ................................................................. 
2,002 
2,361 
1,345 
Total debt finance ........................................................................ 
2,612 
2,651 
1,455 
 
Net debt reconciliation 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Total debt finance .......................................................................... 
2,612 
2,651 
1,455 
Less: 
Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................. 
583 
1,081 
228 
Net debt ........................................................................................ 
2,029 
1,570 
1,227 
 
Adjusted EBITDA/Interest expense reconciliation 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Adjusted EBITDA ......................................................................... 
2,422 
2,805 
3,142 
Divide by: 
Interest expense ............................................................................. 
134 
134 
104 
Adjusted EBITDA/Interest expense ........................................... 
18.1 
20.9 
30.2 
 
Adjusted EBITDA/Net interest expense reconciliation 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Adjusted EBITDA ......................................................................... 
2,422 
2,805 
3,142 
Divide by: 
Net interest expense ....................................................................... 
122 
129 
91 
Adjusted EBITDA/Net interest expense .................................... 
19.9 
21.7 
34.5

--- Page 72 ---
56 
 
Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Net debt ......................................................................................... 
2,029 
1,570 
1,227 
Divide by: 
Adjusted EBITDA ......................................................................... 
2,422 
2,805 
3,142 
Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ........................................................ 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
 
Total debt finance/Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Total debt finance .......................................................................... 
2,612 
2,651 
1,455 
Divide by: 
Adjusted EBITDA ......................................................................... 
2,422 
2,805 
3,142 
Total debt finance/Adjusted EBITDA ....................................... 
1.1 
0.9 
0.5 
 
Adjusted EBITDA margin reconciliation 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Adjusted EBITDA ......................................................................... 
2,422 
2,805 
3,142 
Divide by: 
Total revenues ............................................................................... 
6,870 
8,157 
8,580 
Adjusted EBITDA margin .......................................................... 
35.3% 
34.4% 
36.6% 
 
Adjusted EBITDA margin by reporting segments reconciliation 
Severstal Russian Steel  
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Adjusted EBITDA by reporting segment ...................................... 
1,528 
1,528 
2,167 
Divide by: 
Segment revenues .......................................................................... 
6,845 
8,025 
7,803 
Adjusted EBITDA margin by reporting segment ..................... 
22.3% 
19.0% 
27.8% 
 
Severstal Resources 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, 
except as otherwise stated) 
Adjusted EBITDA by reporting segment ...................................... 
958 
1,248 
1,016 
Divide by: 
Segment revenues .......................................................................... 
1,825 
2,169 
1,908 
Adjusted EBITDA margin by reporting segment ..................... 
52.5% 
57.5% 
53.2%

--- Page 73 ---
57 
 
Operating Results  
The following tables set out, in summary form, the operating results of the Group for the years ended 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018. The information presented below should be read in conjunction with “Business”. 
Crude steel output and sales volumes by products—Severstal Russian Steel (1) 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(thousand tonnes) 
Output volumes 
Crude steel ..............................................................................  
11,314 
11,847 
12,039 
Sales volumes by products 
Semi-finished products ................................................................  
473 
486 
695 
Rolled products ............................................................................  
8,297 
8,977 
8,760 
Hot-rolled coil ........................................................................  
4,352 
4,382 
3,896 
Hot-rolled plate .......................................................................  
925 
957 
852 
Cold-rolled coil .......................................................................  
918 
977 
1,286 
Galvanised and metallic coated coil .......................................  
923 
934 
835 
Long products .........................................................................  
708 
1,279 
1,500 
Colour coated coil ...................................................................  
471 
448 
391 
Downstream products .................................................................  
1,775 
1,738 
1,765 
Metalware products ................................................................  
590 
566 
562 
Large diameter pipes ..............................................................  
188 
383 
440 
Other tubes, pipes, formed shapes ..........................................  
997 
789 
763 
Total steel products .....................................................................  
10,545 
11,201 
11,220 
 
(1) 
Includes intersegment sales. 
 
Sales volumes by products—Severstal Resources(1) 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Sales volumes by products 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(thousand tonnes) 
Coking coal concentrate ................................................................  
4,702 
4,671 
3,374 
Steam coal .....................................................................................  
1,188 
1,277 
1,312 
Iron ore pellets ...............................................................................  
10,942 
11,002 
10,997 
Iron ore concentrate .......................................................................  
7,068 
6,255 
5,510 
 
(1) 
Includes intersegment sales.

--- Page 74 ---
58 
 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following is a discussion of the Group’s financial condition and results of operations as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and of the material factors that the Group believes are likely to affect 
its financial condition and results of operations. You should read this section in conjunction with the Financial 
Statements included in this Base Prospectus beginning on page F-2. The Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with IFRS. 
In addition, the following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Group’s plans, 
estimates and beliefs. The Group’s actual results may differ materially from those discussed in these forward-
looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those 
discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking 
Statements”. 
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP 
The Group is a vertically integrated steel and steel-related mining business with its major assets and production 
facilities located in Russia. The Group serves a broad base of domestic and international customers through its 
wide distribution network, which includes facilities in Latvia and Poland. The Group is almost completely self-
sufficient in key raw materials, which are supplied by Severstal Resources, the Group’s resources division, located 
in a strategically close proximity to the Group’s steel production plants. The Group’s vision is to become a leader 
in the global steel industry, maximise total shareholder return and be the first choice for customers, employees 
and partners.  
The Group has a diversified portfolio of steel products, with a strong presence in many industry sectors in both 
Russian and international markets and an emphasis on high value-added products. High value-added products 
represented 48 per cent. of the total volume of sales of steel products of the Group in 2020. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, the Group had a revenue of US$6,870 million, Adjusted EBITDA of US$2,422 million and 
Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.3 per cent. 
THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION  
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, in effect at the time 
of the preparation of the Financial Statements. 
The list of the Group’s significant subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures with effective ownership interests as 
at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 is included in the Financial Statements. 
Segment Reporting for the Years Ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had two reportable segments, in accordance with IFRS 8 “Operating 
Segments” for the purposes of the Financial Statements: Severstal Resources segment and Severstal Russian Steel 
segment. 
The discussion relating to the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 follows the reporting segment 
structure consistent with the Financial Statements.  
Severstal Resources segment 
The Severstal Resources segment’s operations include: iron ore production and coal production. Severstal 
Resources forms the basis of the Group’s balanced and vertically integrated business model. In 2020, Severstal 
Resources’ overall production volumes of iron ore and coking coal were generally able to cover approximately 
130 per cent. and approximately 80 per cent., respectively, of the overall demand of Severstal Russian Steel, 
without taking into account the chemical features of the particular iron ore mix. 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
Severstal Russian Steel produces a wide range of products, including hot-rolled sheets, profiles, large-diameter 
pipes and cold-rolled coated sheets encompassing sheets for the automotive industry, hot-rolled plates, metalware 
and long products in steel production facilities located in the Russian Federation. It sells products to the domestic 
Russian market, serving the needs of the Russian automotive, construction and service processing, machinery, oil 
and gas and other industries, as well as the international market.

--- Page 75 ---
59 
 
KEY FACTORS AFFECTING THE GROUP’S FINANCIAL RESULTS 
The Group’s results are affected by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 
Demand and price for steel in the markets in which the Group operates 
The majority of the Group’s operations are, and were in the periods under review, based in Russia. As a result, 
macroeconomic trends in this region and region specific factors significantly influence the Group’s performance. 
As a vertically integrated producer, the Group’s results of operations are generally adversely affected by lower 
prices for raw materials and steel, and positively affected by increases in prices of these products. Weaker 
economic conditions generally result in declining demand for steel and raw materials used in steel production and 
result in lower prices of these commodities. 
In 2020, the economies across the world experienced significant deceleration. According to IMF, the global GDP 
growth slowed from 2.8 per cent. in 2019 to a decline of 3.5 per cent. in 2020. The fall of economic activity was 
underpinned by two main factors: “late-cycle” on the developed markets, which is characterized by economic 
growth deceleration, and the COVID-19 pandemic, see “Risk Factors—Risk Factors Relating to the Group and 
the Steel and Mining Industries—The global COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption caused by various 
countermeasures to reduce its spread, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations”. In the first half of 2020, economic activity was disrupted due to strict 
lockdown and similar measures across the world as result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the second half of 2020, 
manufacturing and consumer demand were recovering as pandemic restrictions were softened. These factors also 
had a negative impact on the Russian economy and steel demand. According to Rosstat, following global 
downturn, the Russian GDP contracted by 3.1 per cent. in 2020, from a growth of 2.0 per cent. in 2019. Steel 
consumption in Russia decreased by 3 per cent. in 2020, according to the Group’s estimates.    
At the end of 2020, Russian export hot-rolled coil price hit its nine year high, which followed price decreases in 
the first half of 2020 driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to Worldsteel, the steel price surge at the end 
of 2020 was primarily driven by mass restocking and high raw material basket prices. The strong demand was 
experienced in the Russian domestic market and the Group’s key export markets, such as Europe and Turkey. 
Overall in 2020, the Group’s average selling price for steel, in line with the overall domestic price, declined, 
primarily as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The following table sets out certain information for Russia as at and for the dates indicated:  
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Russia 
 
 
 
GDP growth/(decline)(1) ...................................................................................... 
(3.1)% 
2.0% 
2.8% 
Per cent. change in consumer price index(1) ........................................................ 
4.9 
3.0 
4.3 
 
Source: 
(1) 
Russian Federal State Statistics Service. 
Exchange rate movements 
The majority of the Group’s operations are based in Russia and certain facilities are located in Europe. The 
functional currency is determined separately for each of the Group’s entities. The functional currency of the major 
part of the Group’s entities is the Russian Rouble, except for entities located in Latvia and Poland, other entities 
and currencies are not material to the Group. 
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency of each entity at the foreign exchange 
rate as at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the 
reporting date are translated into the functional currency of each entity at the foreign exchange rate as at that date. 
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency 
of the entity at the foreign exchange rate as at the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising 
on translation are recognised in the income statement. 
Within Russia, official exchange rates are determined daily by the CBR. Market rates may differ from the official 
rates although these differences are generally within narrow ranges. However, any conversion of Rouble amounts

--- Page 76 ---
60 
 
into US dollars should not be construed as a representation that Rouble amounts have been, could be or will in the 
future be, convertible into US dollars at the exchange rates used, or at any other exchange rate.  
In 2018, the Rouble/US$ exchange rate was volatile, reaching RUB69.47 as at 31 December 2018 and depreciated 
by 20.6 per cent. from 31 December 2017. In 2019, the Rouble appreciated against the US dollar by 10.9 per cent. 
from RUB69.47 per US$1.00 as at 31 December 2018 to RUB61.91 per US$1.00 as at 31 December 2019. In 
2020, the Rouble/US$ exchange rate was volatile, reaching RUB73.88 as at 31 December 2020 and depreciated 
by 19.3 per cent. from 31 December 2019.  
The Group’s results are impacted by the movements of the currencies in which it incurs costs against the US 
dollar. The depreciation of the Rouble against the US dollar contributed to a general decrease in costs (in US 
dollar terms) throughout the period under review, see also “Exchange Rate Information”, “Quantitative and 
Qualitative Disclosure on Market risk—Currency risk” and “Risk Factors—Risk Factors relating to the Group 
and the Steel and Mining Industries—Significant depreciation or appreciation of the Rouble and fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates may materially adversely affect the Group’s results of operations”. 
Costs 
The Group’s cost of production is principally affected by prices of raw materials used in steelmaking, energy 
costs, transportation costs and labour costs. 
The Group requires substantial amounts of raw materials in the steel production process, in particular iron ore, 
coal and scrap. In furtherance of the Group’s vertical integration strategy, it has consolidated Severstal Resources 
primarily to secure a supply of iron ore and coking coal concentrate at competitive market rates and, to a significant 
extent, largely to insulate it, on a consolidated basis, from the impact of increases in prices of iron ore and coal. 
Management believes that cost competitiveness in every region where the Group produces steel is a vital element 
to strengthen the Group’s position over the cycle and industry leading margins. The Group, however, continues 
to rely on external suppliers for a number of its raw materials. 
In addition, the Group’s operations require substantial amounts of other raw materials, including various types of 
limestone, alloys, refractories, oxygen, fuel and gas, the price and availability of which are also subject to market 
conditions.  
The Group’s Russian operations obtain most of their natural gas needs from Novatek, Russia’s largest privately-
owned natural gas producer, and to a lesser extent from the subsidiaries of Gazprom, a government controlled 
entity and the dominant producer and monopoly transporter of natural gas within Russia. The Group sources its 
electricity from its own power stations and from a regional energy company that procures electricity from the 
wholesale electricity market. In recent years the natural gas and electricity tariffs in Russia have been increasing, 
and the Group does not expect this trend to change. The Group’s electricity, gas (including natural gas) and other 
energy costs accounted for 13.4 per cent. and 12.5 per cent. of its cost of sales in 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
The rates of costs increase may be higher than the rates at which the Group is able to increase its steel prices. In 
addition, competition in the railway transport industry in Russia is limited and the Group is, in part, dependent on 
the monopoly railway service provider for delivery of both raw materials and products. The Russian monopoly 
railway service providers regularly increase tariffs for their services at a rate that may be higher than the rate at 
which the Group is able to increase the price of its steel products.  
Such expenses as labour costs depend on inflation and real wages growth. The Group’s labour costs accounted 
for 14.1 per cent. and 12.1 per cent. of its cost of sales in 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
There have been no material recent developments for the Group since 31 December 2020. 
OPERATIONAL OUTLOOK 
Since 31 December 2020, the Group has continued to perform generally in line with management’s expectations. 
According to the IMF, global GDP growth is expected to recover in 2021 to 5.5 per cent. from a decline of 3.5 
per cent. in 2020. The recovery of global economy after the COVID-19 pandemic is expected to be driven by 
developing countries. Recovery is expected to be uneven across countries depending on the effectiveness of the 
virus containment efforts and vaccine delivery. Steel consumption is expected to generally reflect accelerated

--- Page 77 ---
61 
 
economic activity and investment demand. According to Worldsteel, global steel consumption is expected to 
increase by 4.1 per cent. in 2021 after fall by 2.4 percent in 2020. 
According to the IMF, Russian economy is expected to follow global recovery trends with 3 per cent. growth in 
2021. Steel consumption in Russia is also anticipated to increase by 5 per cent. after the third quarter of 2020, 
according to Worldsteel. The construction segment is expected to be the main driver of steel demand growth. 
Sustainability of the steel market is expected to be fuelled by pent up demand in developed countries in the first 
half of 2021, continuous high demand in China and support from improving raw material basket prices. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP’S INCOME STATEMENT LINE ITEMS 
The following discussion provides a description of the composition of the principal line items on the Group’s 
income statement for the periods presented. 
Revenue 
The Group generates revenue primarily through the manufacture and sale of a wide range of iron and steel 
products: cold-rolled sheet, colour-coated sheet, metalware products, large diameters pipes, long products, 
hot-rolled strip and plate, pellets and iron ore, large group of coke products and by-products and sale of other raw 
materials. 
Cost of sales 
Cost of sales includes raw materials, consumables, energy costs, repair and maintenance expenses, labour costs 
and taxes on labour costs, services and the majority of depreciation and amortisation charges. 
Gross profit 
Gross profit represents the Group’s total revenue less cost of sales. Gross margin is gross profit divided by revenue. 
General and administrative expenses 
General and administrative expenses consist of a wide range of administrative costs and the cost of general 
management and related depreciation and amortisation. General and administrative expenses primarily include 
labour costs and taxes on labour costs, IT expenses, consulting services, insurance expenses and security expenses. 
Distribution expenses 
Distribution expenses consist primarily of expenses related to selling activities of the Group. Distribution expenses 
include transportation expenses, freight, commercial credit insurance, depreciation of assets related to selling 
activities and other distribution expenses. 
Other taxes and contributions 
Other taxes and contributions mostly consist of property tax, land tax and pollution taxes. 
Share of associates’ and joint ventures’ profits 
Associates are those enterprises in which the Group has significant influence, but does not have control over the 
financial and operating policies.  
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties have joint control of the arrangement that have rights 
to the net assets of the arrangement.  
The Financial Statements include the Group’s share of the total recognised gains and losses of associates and joint 
ventures accounted for on an equity accounting basis, from the date that significant influence effectively 
commences until the date that significant influence effectively ceases. When the Group’s share of losses exceeds 
the carrying amount of investment in the associate and joint venture, with any long-term loans, that, in substance, 
form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate, the respective carrying amount is reduced to nil and 
recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred obligations in respect 
of the associate and joint venture. Where a Group entity transacts with an associate and joint venture of the Group, 
profits and losses are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the relevant associate or joint venture;

--- Page 78 ---
62 
 
unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset 
transferred.   
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
Loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets arises when the derecognition of an item 
of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets occurs and the loss is calculated as the difference between 
the net disposal proceeds, if any, and the carrying amount of the item. 
Net other operating income 
Net other operating income consists primarily of gain/(loss) from the sale of inventory, fines and penalties for 
breach of contracts and changes in provision for contingencies. 
Profit from operations 
Profit from operations is calculated by subtracting net operating expenses from gross profit. 
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment of non-current assets 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-current assets are reviewed annually to determine whether there is any 
indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment 
loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. 
Net other non-operating expenses 
Net other non-operating expenses consist primarily of social expenditure, charitable donations, final settlement of 
a legal claim against disposed subsidiary, net loss on disposal of subsidiary. 
Profit before financing and taxation 
Profit before financing and taxation is calculated by subtracting net non-operating expenses from profit from 
operations. 
Finance income 
Finance income includes interest income and dividend income (except for dividends from investments in 
associates and joint ventures). 
Interest income 
Interest income is recognised in the income statement on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding 
and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts 
through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount.  
Finance costs 
Finance costs includes interest expense and other finance costs. 
Interest expense 
Interest expense is recognised in the income statement as it accrues, taking into account the effective yield on the 
liability (effective interest rate method). 
Other finance costs 
Other finance costs include costs incurred for bank operating services and other related charges.  
(Loss)/gain on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments  
(Loss)/gain on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments comprises impairment, realised and 
unrealised gains on financial instruments, remeasurement of financial assets “at fair value through profit or loss” 
(FVTPL) and financial liabilities at FVTPL.

--- Page 79 ---
63 
 
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain 
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates 
different from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in previous financial 
statements are recognised in the income statement in the period in which they arise. 
Profit before income tax 
Profit before income tax is profit before financing and taxation adjusted by finance income and costs, (loss)/gain 
on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments, and foreign exchange (loss)/gain. 
Income tax expense 
Taxes on income include current income taxes, deferred income taxes and corrections to prior years’ current tax 
charges. Current income taxes include all domestic and foreign income taxes which are calculated in accordance 
with the rules established by the taxation authorities in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Deferred 
income taxes reflect the temporary differences between the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their 
respective tax bases, as well as unused tax loss and tax credit carry-forwards, on which deferred tax assets are 
recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which those 
assets can be utilised. The Group’s overall income tax rate varies due to different tax rates in jurisdictions where 
the Group conducts business, the proportion of income earned in each such jurisdiction and the varying tax 
treatment of costs and expenses. 
Profit for the period 
Profit for the period is profit before income tax less income tax expense. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
For the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 
The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the Financial Statements, included 
in this Base Prospectus beginning on page F-2. 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated income statements for the years ended 2019 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 
December 
 
Year  
on year 
change 
Year on 
year 
percent 
change 
2019 
2020 
(US$ millions) 
 
Revenue 
Revenue - third parties.......................................................................  
8,002 
6,744 
(1,258) 
(16)% 
Revenue - related parties ...................................................................  
155 
126 
(29) 
(19)% 
8,157 
6,870 
(1,287) 
(16)% 
Cost of sales ......................................................................................  
(4,908) 
(3,952) 
956 
(19)% 
Gross profit ......................................................................................  
3,249 
2,918 
(331) 
(10)% 
General and administrative expenses .................................................  
(357) 
(428) 
(71) 
20% 
Distribution expenses ........................................................................  
(532) 
(544) 
(12) 
2% 
Other taxes and contributions ............................................................  
(56) 
(28) 
28 
(50)% 
Share of associates' and joint ventures' profits ...................................  
20 
17 
(3) 
(15)% 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets .................................................................................................  
(12) 
(21) 
(9) 
75% 
Net other operating income ...............................................................  
15 
16 
1 
7% 
Profit from operations .....................................................................  
2,327 
1,930 
(397) 
(17)% 
Reversal of impairment/(impairment) of non-current assets..............  
5 
(11) 
(16) 
n/a 
Net other non-operating expenses .....................................................  
(74) 
(50) 
24 
(32)% 
Profit before financing and taxation ..............................................  
2,258 
1,869 
(389) 
(17)% 
Finance income .................................................................................  
5 
13 
8 
160% 
Finance costs .....................................................................................  
(137) 
(135) 
2 
(1)% 
Loss on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments ..........  
(19) 
(77) 
(58) 
 n/a 
Foreign exchange gain/(loss) .............................................................  
125 
(361) 
(486) 
 n/a 
Profit before income tax ..................................................................  
2,232 
1,309 
(923) 
(41)% 
Income tax expenses ..........................................................................  
(465) 
(293) 
172 
(37)%

--- Page 80 ---
64 
 
Profit for the period ........................................................................  
1,767 
1,016 
(751) 
(43)% 
 
Revenue 
The Group’s consolidated revenue decreased by US$1,287 million, or 16 per cent., from US$8,157 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2019 to US$6,870 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was due 
to a US$1,180 million decrease in revenue of the Severstal Russian Steel segment and a US$344 million decrease 
in revenue of the Severstal Resources segment. The decrease in revenue was partially offset by a US$237 million 
decrease in intersegment revenue. Changes in the prices of the Group’s various products were generally consistent 
with the prevailing market trends. 
The Group’s revenue from related parties decreased by US$29 million, or 19 per cent., from US$155 million in 
the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$126 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease in 
revenue from related parties was due to a decrease in revenue from Rutgers Severtar LLC by US$19 million, 
Severstal-Gonvarri-Kaluga LLC by US$5 million and other related parties and was within the normal course of 
business and consistent with the prevailing market trends. 
Revenue by product 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated revenue by product for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Hot-rolled strip and plate ...................................................................  
2,780 
2,394 
(386) 
(14)% 
Pellets and iron ore ............................................................................  
688 
569 
(119) 
(17)% 
Galvanised and other metallic coated sheet .......................................  
667 
595 
(72) 
(11)% 
Cold-rolled sheet ...............................................................................  
604 
493 
(111) 
(18)% 
Long products ....................................................................................  
575 
281 
(294) 
(51)% 
Metalware products ...........................................................................  
539 
502 
(37) 
(7)% 
Shipping and handling .......................................................................  
501 
499 
(2) 
- 
Other tubes and pipes, formed shapes ...............................................  
447 
500 
53 
12% 
Colour-coated sheet ...........................................................................  
397 
377 
(20) 
(5)% 
Large diameter pipes .........................................................................  
376 
150 
(226) 
(60)% 
Semi-finished products ......................................................................  
194 
183 
(11) 
(6)% 
Coal and coking coal concentrate ......................................................  
95 
57 
(38) 
(40)% 
Scrap ..................................................................................................  
4 
6 
2 
50% 
Others ................................................................................................  
290 
264 
(26) 
(9)% 
Revenue ............................................................................................  
8,157 
6,870 
(1,287) 
(16)% 
 
Revenue by delivery destination 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated revenue by delivery destination for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Russian Federation ............................................................................  
5,451 
4,233 
(1,218) 
(22)% 
Europe ...............................................................................................  
1,812 
1,761 
(51) 
(3)% 
CIS ....................................................................................................  
475 
451 
(24) 
(5)% 
The Middle East ................................................................................  
141 
171 
30 
21% 
Africa ................................................................................................  
128 
86 
(42) 
(33)%

--- Page 81 ---
65 
 
Central and South America ...............................................................  
80 
63 
(17) 
(21)% 
North America ...................................................................................  
52 
15 
(37) 
(71)% 
China and Central Asia ......................................................................  
18 
30 
12 
67% 
South-East Asia .................................................................................  
- 
60 
60 
n/a 
Revenue ............................................................................................  
8,157 
6,870 
(1,287) 
(16)% 
 
Revenue by segment 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated revenue by segment for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Severstal Resources ...........................................................................  
2,169 
1,825 
(344) 
(16)% 
Severstal Russian Steel ......................................................................  
8,025 
6,845 
(1,180) 
(15)% 
Intersegment transactions ..................................................................  
(2,037) 
(1,800) 
237 
(12)% 
Revenue ............................................................................................  
8,157 
6,870 
(1,287) 
(16)% 
 
Severstal Resources segment 
The Severstal Resources segment’s revenue decreased by US$344 million, or 16 per cent., from US$2,169 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$1,825 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. Included in these 
amounts are intersegment revenue to the Severstal Russian Steel segment of US$1,954 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019 and US$1,710 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. Excluding intersegment revenue, 
revenue of the Severstal Resources segment decreased by US$100 million, or 47 per cent., from US$215 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$115 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The decrease in revenue for this segment was due to a decrease in sales by volume and a decrease in the average 
price per tonne in US dollar terms as described below. 
Set out below is a discussion of the revenue, excluding intersegment revenue, of the Severstal Resources segment 
by product: 
Pellets and iron ore.  Revenue from pellets and iron ore sales decreased by US$48 million, or 65 per cent., from 
US$74 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$26 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The 
decrease was primarily due to a decrease in sales by volume. 
Coal and coking coal concentrate. Revenue from coal and coking coal concentrate sales decreased by 
US$38 million, or 40 per cent., from US$95 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$57 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was due to a decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar 
terms and due to a decrease in sales by volume. 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
The Severstal Russian Steel segment’s revenue decreased by US$1,180 million, or 15 per cent., from 
US$8,025 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$6,845 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Included in the above amounts are intersegment revenue of US$83 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 
and US$90 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. Excluding intersegment revenue, revenue of the 
Severstal Russian Steel segment decreased by US$1,187 million, or 15 per cent., from US$7,942 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2019 to US$6,755 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The decrease in revenue for this segment was due to a decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar terms 
and due to a decrease in sales by volume as described below. 
Set out below is a discussion of the revenue, excluding intersegment revenue, of the Severstal Russian Steel 
segment by product:

--- Page 82 ---
66 
 
Hot-rolled strip and plate. Revenue from hot-rolled strip and plate sales decreased by US$386 million, or 14 per 
cent., from US$2,780 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$2,394 million in the year ended 
31 December 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar 
terms. 
Long products. Revenue from long products sales decreased by US$294 million, or 51 per cent., from 
US$575 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$281 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in sales by volume. 
Large diameter pipes.  Revenue from large diameter pipes sales decreased by US$226 million, or 60 per cent., 
from US$376 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$150 million in the year ended 31 December 
2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in sales by volume. 
Cold-rolled sheet. Revenue from cold-rolled sheet sales decreased by US$111 million, or 18 per cent., from 
US$604 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$493 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This decrease was due to a decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar terms and due to a decrease in 
sales by volume. 
Galvanised and other metallic coated sheet. Revenue from galvanised and other metallic coated sheet sales 
decreased by US$72 million, or 11 per cent., from US$667 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to 
US$595 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the average 
price per tonne in US dollar terms. 
Pellets and iron ore.  Revenue from pellets and iron ore sales decreased by US$71 million, or 12 per cent., from 
US$614 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$543 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This decrease was due to a decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar terms and due to a decrease in 
sales by volume. 
Revenue by delivery destination 
Changes in the allocation of regional sales in the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared with the year ended 
31 December 2019, were mainly due to market-driven changes of demand and the respective reallocation of sales 
from one region to another. 
Cost of sales 
The Group’s cost of sales decreased by US$956 million, or 19 per cent., from US$4,908 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019 to US$3,952 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was due to a 
US$1,257 million decrease in cost of sales of the Severstal Russian Steel segment and due to a US$26 million 
decrease in the Severstal Resources segment, which were partially offset by a US$327 million decrease in 
intersegment transactions.  
Cost of sales by segment 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated cost of sales by segment for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Severstal Resources ...................................................................  
(949) 
(923) 
26 
(3)% 
Severstal Russian Steel ..............................................................  
(5,971) 
(4,714) 
1,257 
(21)% 
Intersegment transactions ..........................................................  
2,012 
1,685 
(327) 
(16)% 
Cost of sales ..............................................................................  
(4,908) 
(3,952) 
956 
(19)%

--- Page 83 ---
67 
 
Severstal Resources segment 
The Severstal Resources segment’s cost of sales decreased by US$26 million, or 3 per cent., from US$949 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$923 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was 
due to a decrease in the average cost per tonne in US dollar terms and was in line with revenue decrease by volume. 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
The Severstal Russian Steel segment’s cost of sales decreased by US$1,257 million, or 21 per cent., from 
US$5,971 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$4,714 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The decrease was primarily due to a US$1,096 million decrease in raw materials expenses, a US$62 million 
decrease in fuel and energy expenses and a US$44 million decrease in repair services expenses. 
Materials expenses. The decrease in raw materials expenses of US$1,096 million was due to a decrease in prices 
of iron ore, coking coal and other raw materials used in steelmaking process in US dollar terms and was in line 
with revenue decrease by volume.  
Fuel and energy expenses. The decrease in fuel and energy expenses of US$62 million was in line with revenue 
decrease by volume. 
Repair services expenses. The decrease in repair services expenses of US$44 million was in line with revenue 
decrease by volume. 
Profit from operations 
Сompared with the prior period, the Group’s profit from operations decreased by US$397 million, or 17 per cent., 
from US$2,327 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$1,930 million in the year ended 31 December 
2020. The decrease was due to a US$331 million decrease in gross profit and due to a US$66 million increase in 
net operating expenses. 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net operating expenses for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
General and administrative expenses .........................................  
(357) 
(428) 
(71) 
20% 
Distribution expenses ................................................................  
(532) 
(544) 
(12) 
2% 
Other taxes and contributions ....................................................  
(56) 
(28) 
28 
(50)% 
Share of associates' and joint ventures' profits ...........................  
20 
17 
(3) 
(15)% 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets .........................................................................  
(12) 
(21) 
(9) 
75% 
Net other operating income .......................................................  
15 
16 
1 
7% 
Net operating expenses ............................................................  
(922) 
(988) 
(66) 
7% 
 
Severstal Resources segment 
The Severstal Resources segment’s profit from operations decreased by US$295 million, or 27 per cent., from 
US$1,080 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$785 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The decrease in profit from operations was due to a US$318 million decrease in gross profit, as a result of the 
factors described above, which was partially offset by a US$22 million decrease in net operating expenses. 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
The Severstal Russian Steel segment’s profit from operations decreased by US$9 million, or 1 per cent., from 
US$1,218 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$1,209 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The decrease in profit from operations was due to a US$87 million increase in net operating expenses, which was 
partially offset by a US$77 million increase in gross profit, as a result of the factors described above.

--- Page 84 ---
68 
 
The increase in the Severstal Russian Steel segment’s net operating expenses was primarily due to a US$54 million 
increase in general and administrative expenses. 
The increase in general and administrative expenses by US$54 million was primarily due to the increase in 
allowance for expected credit losses. 
Profit before financing and taxation 
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s profit before financing and taxation decreased by US$389 million, 
or 17 per cent., from US$2,258 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$1,869 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2020. The decrease was due to a US$397 million decrease in profit from operations, which 
was partially offset by a US$8 million decrease in net non-operating expenses. The decrease in profit from 
operations was due to the factors described above.  
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net non-operating expenses for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Reversal of impairment/(impairment) of non-current assets......  
5 
(11) 
(16) 
 n/a 
Net other non-operating expenses .............................................  
(74) 
(50) 
24 
(32)% 
Net non-operating expenses ....................................................  
(69) 
(61) 
8 
(12)% 
 
Net other non-operating expenses 
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s net other non-operating expenses decreased by US$24 million, or 
32 per cent., from US$74 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$50 million in the year ended 
31 December 2020. 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net other non-operating expenses for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Charitable donations ................................................................... 
(31) 
(23) 
8 
(26)% 
Net loss on disposal of subsidiary .............................................. 
(21) 
- 
21 
(100)% 
Social expenditure ...................................................................... 
(14) 
(10) 
4 
(29)% 
Final settlement of legal claim against disposed subsidiary ....... 
- 
(16) 
(16) 
 n/a 
Other ........................................................................................... 
(8) 
(1) 
7 
(88)% 
Net other non-operating expenses ........................................... 
(74) 
(50) 
24 
(32)% 
 
Net loss on disposal of subsidiary 
In the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group recognised a loss of US$21 million on the disposal of AO 
Severstal LPM Balakovo, the Group’s subsidiary. 
Final settlement of legal claim against disposed subsidiary 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group made a final settlement payment of EUR14 million (US$16 
million) in respect of the legal claim related to the Group’s disposed subsidiary (Lucchini) in 2011 cancelling it 
in full.

--- Page 85 ---
69 
 
Profit before income tax 
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s profit before income tax decreased by US$923 million, or 41 per 
cent., from US$2,232 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$1,309 million in the year ended 
31 December 2020. The decrease was due to a US$389 million decrease in profit before financing and taxation 
and due to a US$534 million increase in net financing expenses. The decrease in profit before financing and 
taxation was due to the factors described above.  
Net financing expenses 
Net financing expenses increased by US$534 million, from US$26 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 
to US$560 million in the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net financing expenses for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 2020: 
Year ended 31 
December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year 
change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Finance income .........................................................................  
5 
13 
8 
160% 
Finance costs .............................................................................  
(137) 
(135) 
2 
(1)% 
Loss on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments ..  
(19) 
(77) 
(58) 
 n/a 
Foreign exchange gain/(loss) .....................................................  
125 
(361) 
(486) 
 n/a 
Net financing expenses ............................................................  
(26) 
(560) 
(534) 
 n/a 
 
Loss on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments  
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s loss on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments 
increased by US$58 million, from US$19 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to US$77 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2020. The change was primarily due to the remeasurement of fair value of the Group’s 
guaranteed convertible bonds and was determined with reference to the quoted market prices.  
Foreign exchange gain/(loss) 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group had foreign exchange loss of US$361 million, compared with 
foreign exchange gain of US$125 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. The change was mainly due to 
the effect of significant Rouble depreciation against the US dollar in 2020 compared with the appreciation of the 
Rouble against the US dollar in 2019. 
Income tax expense 
Income tax expense decreased by US$172 million, or 37 per cent., from US$465 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019 to US$293 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a 
US$923 million decrease in profit before income tax as a result of the factors described above. 
Profit for the period 
The Group’s profit decreased by US$751 million, or 43 per cent., from US$1,767 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019 to US$1,016 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease was due to a US$923 
million decrease in profit before income tax, which was partially offset by a decrease in income tax expense of 
US$172 million. The decrease in profit before income tax was primarily due to the factors described above.

--- Page 86 ---
70 
 
 
For the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019 
The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the Financial Statements, included 
in this Base Prospectus beginning on page F-2. 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated income statements for the years ended 2018 and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on year 
change 
Year on year 
per cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Revenue 
Revenue – third parties ...................................................... 
8,436 
8,002 
(434) 
(5)% 
Revenue – related parties ................................................... 
144 
155 
11 
8% 
8,580 
8,157 
(423) 
(5)% 
Cost of sales ...................................................................... 
(4,918) 
(4,908) 
10 
- 
Gross profit ...................................................................... 
3,662 
3,249 
(413) 
(11)% 
General and administrative expenses ................................. 
(306) 
(357) 
(51) 
17% 
Distribution expenses ........................................................ 
(578) 
(532) 
46 
(8)% 
Other taxes and contributions ............................................ 
(69) 
(56) 
13 
(19)% 
Share of associates' and joint ventures' profits ................... 
14 
20 
6 
43% 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets ................................................................. 
(23) 
(12) 
11 
(48)% 
Net other operating income ............................................... 
7 
15 
8 
114% 
Profit from operations ..................................................... 
2,707 
2,327 
(380) 
(14)% 
Reversal of impairment of non-current assets ................... 
68 
5 
(63) 
(93)% 
Net other non-operating expenses ..................................... 
(50) 
(74) 
(24) 
48% 
Profit before financing and taxation .............................. 
2,725 
2,258 
(467) 
(17)% 
Finance income ................................................................. 
14 
5 
(9) 
(64)% 
Finance costs ..................................................................... 
(113) 
(137) 
(24) 
21% 
Gain/(loss) on remeasurement and disposal of financial 
instruments ........................................................................ 
58 
(19) 
(77) 
(133)% 
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain ............................................. 
(165) 
125 
290 
(176)% 
Profit before income tax .................................................. 
2,519 
2,232 
(287) 
(11)% 
Income tax expense ........................................................... 
(468) 
(465) 
3 
(1)% 
Profit for the period ........................................................ 
2,051 
1,767 
(284) 
(14)% 
Revenue 
The Group’s consolidated revenue decreased by US$423 million, or 5 per cent., from US$8,580 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2018 to US$8,157 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. This change was due 
to a US$906 million increase in intersegment revenue, which was partially offset by a US$222 million increase 
in revenue of the Severstal Russian Steel segment and a US$261 million increase in revenue of the Severstal 
Resources segment. Changes in the prices of the Group’s various products were generally consistent with the 
prevailing market trends. 
The Group’s revenue from related parties increased by US$11 million, or 8 per cent., from US$144 million in the 
year ended 31 December 2018 to US$155 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase in revenue 
from related parties was primarily due to an increase in revenue from Rutgers Severtar LLC by US$12 million 
and WRS Towers LLC by US$10 million, which was partially offset by a decrease in revenue from Severstal-
Gonvarri-Kaluga LLC by US$15 million, and was within the normal course of business and consistent with the 
prevailing market trends.

--- Page 87 ---
71 
 
Revenue by product 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated revenue by product for the years ended 31 December 2018 
and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on year 
change 
Year on year 
per cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Hot-rolled strip and plate ................................................... 
2,756 
2,780 
24 
1% 
Cold-rolled sheet ............................................................... 
802 
604 
(198) 
(25)% 
Long products .................................................................... 
701 
575 
(126) 
(18)% 
Galvanised and other metallic coated sheet ....................... 
629 
667 
38 
6% 
Pellets and iron ore ............................................................ 
627 
688 
61 
10% 
Metalware products ........................................................... 
542 
539 
(3) 
(1)% 
Shipping and handling ....................................................... 
543 
501 
(42) 
(8)% 
Large diameter pipes ......................................................... 
477 
376 
(101) 
(21)% 
Other tubes and pipes, formed shapes ............................... 
456 
447 
(9) 
(2)% 
Colour-coated sheet ........................................................... 
364 
397 
33 
9% 
Semi-finished products ...................................................... 
321 
194 
(127) 
(40)% 
Coal and coking coal concentrate ...................................... 
93 
95 
2 
2% 
Scrap .................................................................................. 
6 
4 
(2) 
(33)% 
Others ................................................................................ 
263 
290 
27 
10% 
Revenue ............................................................................ 
8,580 
8,157 
(423) 
(5)% 
 
Revenue by delivery destination 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated revenue by delivery destination for the years ended 
31 December 2018 and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on year 
change 
Year on year 
per cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Russian Federation ............................................................ 
5,126 
5,451 
325 
6% 
Europe ............................................................................... 
2,233 
1,812 
(421) 
(19)% 
CIS .................................................................................... 
492 
475 
(17) 
(3)% 
The Middle East ................................................................ 
295 
141 
(154) 
(52)% 
North America ................................................................... 
141 
52 
(89) 
(63)% 
Africa ................................................................................ 
140 
128 
(12) 
(9)% 
Central and South America ............................................... 
86 
80 
(6) 
(7)% 
China and Central Asia  ..................................................... 
43 
18 
(25) 
(58)% 
South-East Asia ................................................................. 
24 
- 
(24) 
(100)% 
Revenue ............................................................................ 
8,580 
8,157 
(423) 
(5)% 
 
Revenue by segment 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated revenue by segment for the years ended 31 December 2018 
and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on year 
change 
Year on year 
per cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Severstal Resources ........................................................... 
1,908 
2,169 
261 
14% 
Severstal Russian Steel ...................................................... 
7,803 
8,025 
222 
3% 
Intersegment transactions .................................................. 
(1,131) 
(2,037) 
(906) 
80% 
Revenue ............................................................................ 
8,580 
8,157 
(423) 
(5)%

--- Page 88 ---
72 
 
Severstal Resources segment 
The Severstal Resources segment’s revenue increased by US$261 million, or 14 per cent., from US$1,908 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$2,169 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. Included in these 
amounts are intersegment revenue to the Severstal Russian Steel segment of US$1,061 million in the year ended 
31 December 2018 and US$1,954 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. Excluding intersegment revenue, 
revenue of the Severstal Resources segment decreased by US$632 million, or 75 per cent., from US$847 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$215 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The decrease was primarily due to the reallocation of sales volumes from third parties to sales to intersegment 
sales.  
Set out below is a discussion of the revenue, excluding intersegment revenue, of the Severstal Resources segment 
by product: 
Pellets and iron ore.  Revenue from pellets and iron ore sales decreased by US$543 million, or 88 per cent., from 
US$617 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$74 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. This 
decrease was caused by a decrease in sales by volume. 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
The Severstal Russian Steel segment’s revenue increased by US$222 million, or 3 per cent., from 
US$7,803 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$8,025 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Included in the above amounts are intersegment revenue of US$70 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 
and US$83 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. Excluding intersegment revenue, revenue of the 
Severstal Russian Steel segment increased by US$209 million, or 3 per cent., from US$7,733 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2018 to US$7,942 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The increase in revenue for this segment was due to an increase in sales by volume, which was partially offset by 
a decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar terms as described below. 
Set out below is a discussion of the revenue, excluding intersegment revenue, of the Severstal Russian Steel 
segment by product: 
Hot-rolled strip and plate. Revenue from hot-rolled strip and plate sales increased by US$24 million, or 1 per 
cent., from US$2,756 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$2,780 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019. The increase was due to an increase in sales by volume, which was partially offset by a 
decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar terms. 
Pellets and iron ore. Revenue from pellets and iron ore sales increased by US$604 million, from US$10 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$614 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was 
primarily due to an increase in sales by volume, which was partially offset by a decrease in the average price per 
tonne in US dollar terms. 
Galvanised and other metallic coated sheet. Revenue from galvanised and other metallic coated sheet sales 
increased by US$38 million, or 6 per cent., from US$629 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to 
US$667 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was due to an increase in sales by volume, 
which was partially offset by a decrease in the average price per tonne in US dollar terms. 
Cold-rolled sheet. Revenue from cold-rolled sheet sales decreased by US$198 million, or 25 per cent., from 
US$802 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$604 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in sales by volume. 
Long products. Revenue from long products sales decreased by US$126 million, or 18 per cent., from 
US$701 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$575 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in sales by volume. 
Colour-coated sheet. Revenue from colour-coated sheet sales increased by US$33 million, or 9 per cent., from 
US$364 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$397 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The increase was due to an increase in sales by volume, which was partially offset by a decrease in the average 
price per tonne in US dollar terms.

--- Page 89 ---
73 
 
Large diameter pipes.  Revenue from large diameter pipes sales decreased by US$101 million, or 21 per cent., 
from US$477 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$376 million in the year ended 31 December 
2019. This decrease was due to a decrease in sales by volume and due to a decrease in the average price per tonne 
in US dollar terms. 
Semi-finished products.  Revenue from semi-finished products sales decreased by US$127 million, or 40 per cent., 
from US$321 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$194 million in the year ended 31 December 
2019. This decrease was due to a decrease in sales by volume and due to a decrease in the average price per tonne 
in US dollar terms. 
Revenue by delivery destination 
A decrease of revenue by delivery destination to Europe, the Middle East, North America, China and Central 
Asia, South-East Asia in the year ended 31 December 2019 compared with the year ended 31 December 2018, 
was partially offset by an increase of revenue from Russia. These changes were mainly due to the market-driven 
changes of demand and the respective reallocation of sales from one region to another. 
Cost of sales 
The Group’s cost of sales decreased by US$10 million, from US$4,918 million in the year ended 31 December 
2018 to US$4,908 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. This change was due to a US$965 million increase 
in intersegment transactions, which was partially offset by a US$808 million increase in cost of sales of the 
Severstal Russian Steel segment and by a US$147 million increase in the Severstal Resources segment.  
Cost of sales by segment 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated cost of sales by segment for the years ended 31 December 
2018 and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on 
year change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Severstal Resources ........................................................ 
(802) 
(949) 
(147) 
18% 
Severstal Russian Steel ................................................... 
(5,163) 
(5,971) 
(808) 
16% 
Intersegment transactions ............................................... 
1,047 
2,012 
965 
92% 
Cost of sales ................................................................... 
(4,918) 
(4,908) 
10 
- 
Severstal Resources segment 
The Severstal Resources segment’s cost of sales increased by US$147 million, or 18 per cent., from 
US$802 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$949 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
This change was primarily due to a US$27 million increase in depreciation expenses, a US$26 million increase in 
repair services expenses, a US$24 million increase in labour costs and related tax expense and was in line with 
increase in sales volumes. 
Finished goods and work in progress. The decrease in finished goods and work-in-progress balances of US$60 
million was in line with inventory changes. 
Depreciation expenses. The increase in depreciation expenses of US$27 million was primarily due to the 
commissioning of the new productive assets in Karelsky Okatysh. 
Repair services expenses. The increase in repair services expenses of US$26 million was primarily due to the 
increased production and sales volumes.  
Labour costs and related tax expenses. The increase in labour costs and related tax expenses of US$24 million 
was due to an increase in the average number of employees.

--- Page 90 ---
74 
 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
The Severstal Russian Steel segment’s cost of sales increased by US$808 million, or 16 per cent., from 
US$5,163 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$5,971 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The increase was primarily due to a US$678 million increase in raw materials expenses. 
Materials expenses. The increase in raw materials expenses of US$678 million was due to an increase in expenses 
of pellets and iron ore used in steelmaking process and was in line with sales volumes.  
Profit from operations 
Сompared with the prior period, the Group’s profit from operations decreased by US$380 million, or 14 per cent., 
from US$2,707 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$2,327 million in the year ended 31 December 
2019. The decrease was due to a US$413 million decrease in gross profit, which was partially offset by a US$33 
million decrease in net operating expenses. 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net operating expenses for the years ended 31 December 
2018 and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on 
year change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. change 
(US$ millions) 
 
General and administrative expenses .................................  
(306) 
(357) 
(51) 
17% 
Distribution expenses ........................................................  
(578) 
(532) 
46 
(8)% 
Other taxes and contributions ............................................  
(69) 
(56) 
13 
(19)% 
Share of associates' and joint ventures' profits ...................  
14 
20 
6 
43% 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets .................................................................  
(23) 
(12) 
11 
(48)% 
Net other operating income ...............................................  
7 
15 
8 
114% 
Net operating expenses ....................................................  
(955) 
(922) 
33 
(3)% 
Severstal Resources segment 
The Severstal Resources segment’s profit from operations increased by US$208 million, or 24 per cent., from 
US$872 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$1,080 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The increase in profit from operations was due to a US$114 million increase in gross profit, as a result of the 
factors described above, and due to a US$94 million decrease in net operating expenses. 
The decrease in the Severstal Resources segment’s net operating expenses was primarily due to a US$101 million 
decrease in distribution expenses, was primarily due to the decrease in export sales by volume. 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
The Severstal Russian Steel segment’s profit from operations decreased by US$659 million, or 35 per cent., from 
US$1,877 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$1,218 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The decrease in profit from operations was due to a US$586 million decrease in gross profit, as a result of the 
factors described above, and primarily due to a US$72 million increase in net operating expenses. 
The increase in the Severstal Russian Steel segment’s net operating expenses was primarily due to a US$57 million 
increase in distribution expenses, mostly driven by the increase in shipping volume, and due to a US$55 million 
increase in general and administrative expenses, primarily driven by the increase of labour costs and related tax 
expenses.  
Profit before financing and taxation 
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s profit before financing and taxation decreased by US$467 million, 
or 17 per cent., from US$2,725 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$2,258 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2019. The decrease was due to a US$380 million decrease in profit from operations and due 
to a US$87 million decrease in net non-operating income. The decrease in profit from operations was due to the 
factors described above.

--- Page 91 ---
75 
 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net non-operating income/(expenses) for the years ended 
31 December 2018 and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on 
year change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Reversal of impairment of non-current assets ...................  
68 
5 
(63) 
(93)% 
Net other non-operating expenses .....................................  
(50) 
(74) 
(24) 
48% 
Net non-operating income/(expenses) ............................  
18 
(69) 
(87) 
n/a 
Reversal of impairment of non-current assets 
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s reversal of impairment of non-current assets decreased by US$63 
million, or 93 per cent., from US$68 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$5 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
Reversal of impairment of non-current assets for the year ended 31 December 2018 mainly consisted of a US$51 
million reversal of impairment loss previously accrued in respect of JSC Olcon. Additionally, a reversal of 
impairment of US$13 million and US$4 million was recognised in 2018 in relation to specific items of property, 
plant and equipment and intangible assets in Severstal Russian Steel segment and Severstal Resources segment, 
respectively. 
Net other non-operating expenses 
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s net other non-operating expenses increased by US$24 million, or 
48 per cent., from US$50 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$74 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019. 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net other non-operating expenses for the years ended 
31 December 2018 and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on 
year change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Charitable donations ..........................................................  
(30) 
(31) 
(1) 
3% 
Social expenditures ............................................................  
(14) 
(14) 
- 
- 
Net loss on disposal of subsidiary .....................................  
- 
(21) 
(21) 
n/a 
Other ..................................................................................  
(6) 
(8) 
(2) 
33% 
Net other non-operating expenses ..................................  
(50) 
(74) 
(24) 
48% 
Net loss on disposal of subsidiary 
In the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group recognised a loss on the disposal of AO Severstal LPM Balakovo, 
the Group’s subsidiary, of US$21 million. 
Profit before income tax 
Compared with the prior period, the Group’s profit before income tax decreased by US$287 million, or 11 per 
cent., from US$2,519 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to US$2,232 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019. The decrease was due to a US$467 million decrease in profit before financing and taxation, 
which was partially offset by a US$180 million decrease in net financing expenses. The decrease in profit before 
financing and taxation was due to the factors described above.  
Net financing expenses 
Net financing expenses decreased by US$180 million, or 87 per cent., from US$206 million in the year ended 
31 December 2018 to US$26 million in the year ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 92 ---
76 
 
The following table sets out the Group’s consolidated net financing expenses for the years ended 31 December 
2018 and 2019: 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on 
year change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
 
Finance income ................................................................. 
14 
5 
(9) 
(64)% 
Finance costs ..................................................................... 
(113) 
(137) 
(24) 
21% 
Gain/(loss) on remeasurement and disposal of financial 
instruments ........................................................................ 
58 
(19) 
(77) 
(133)% 
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain ............................................. 
(165) 
125 
290 
(176)% 
Net financing expenses .................................................... 
(206) 
(26) 
180 
(87)% 
Gain/(loss) on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments  
In the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group had a loss on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments 
of US$19 million, compared with a gain on remeasurement and disposal of financial instruments of US$58 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2018. The change was primarily due to the remeasurement of fair value of the 
Group’s guaranteed convertible bonds and was determined with reference to the quoted market prices.  
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain 
In the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group had foreign exchange gain of US$125 million, compared with 
foreign exchange loss of US$165 million in the year ended 31 December 2018. The change was mainly due to the 
effect of appreciation of the Rouble against the US dollar in 2019 compared with the significant Rouble 
depreciation against the US dollar in 2018. 
Profit for the period 
The Group’s profit decreased by US$284 million, or 14 per cent., from US$2,051 million in the year ended 
31 December 2018 to US$1,767 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. The decrease was due to a US$287 
million decrease in profit before income tax, which was partially offset by a decrease in income tax expense of 
US$3 million. The decrease in profit before income tax was primarily due to the factors described above.  
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group had total cash and cash equivalents of US$583 million, 
US$1,081 million and US$228 million, respectively. 
The Group has financed and expects to continue to finance its operations and capital expenditures primarily 
through the Group’s operating cash flows and, to the extent required, through borrowings or capital raising 
activities, including going forward, the offering of notes from time to time pursuant to the Programme. 
Historically, a significant portion of the Group’s capital expenditures related to the modernisation of the Group’s 
producing assets.  
Capital Expenditures  
The Group’s business is heavily dependent on plant and machinery for the production of steel and steel products 
and mining. Investments to maintain, expand and increase the efficiency of production facilities are, accordingly, 
an important priority and have a significant effect on the Group’s cash flows and future results of operations. The 
Group’s capital expenditure programme is aimed at increasing production and efficiency, implementing 
environmental upgrades, renewing of capital equipment and further changes in the product mix oriented at the 
production of higher value-added and higher quality products.  
In 2021, according to its announced capital investment programme, the Group plans to invest approximately 
US$1.35 billion, focusing on a number of major projects across both, Severstal Russian Steel and Severstal 
Resources, divisions, as well as on some key focus areas of the Group's strategy, including initiatives to foster 
superior client experience, cost leadership and new opportunities.

--- Page 93 ---
77 
 
Investments in Severstal Russian Steel in 2021 are expected to amount to approximately US$785 million, of which 
US$469 million is expected to be directed to development projects. Investments in Severstal Resources in 2021 
are expected to amount to approximately US$524 million, US$267 million of which are expected to be used for 
production development. The Group believes that one of its most important investment areas in 2021 will be the 
main phase of construction of the Cycle-flow technology complex at Karelsky Okatysh.  
Cash Flows 
For the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 
The following table sets forth the Group’s consolidated cash flow for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2020: 
Year ended 31 December 
2019 
2020 
Year on 
year change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Net cash from operating activities 
Profit before financing and taxation ..................................  
2,258 
1,869 
(389) 
(17)% 
Adjustments to reconcile profit to cash generated from 
operations ..........................................................................  
468 
572 
104 
22% 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities ........................  
81 
65 
(16) 
(20)% 
Interest paid .......................................................................  
(114) 
(133) 
(19) 
17% 
Income tax paid .................................................................  
(401) 
(229) 
172 
(43)% 
Net cash from operating activities ..................................  
2,292 
2,144 
(148) 
(6)% 
Net cash used in investing activities 
Capital expenditures(1) .......................................................  
(1,218) 
(1,327) 
(109) 
9% 
Additions to financial investments, net of proceeds from 
disposal ..............................................................................  
(34) 
(13) 
21 
(62)% 
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiary ...................  
- 
(19) 
(19) 
n/a 
Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiary .....................  
215 
- 
(215) 
(100)% 
Other ..................................................................................  
25 
21 
(4) 
(16)% 
Net cash used in investing activities ...............................  
(1,012) 
(1,338) 
(326) 
32% 
Net cash used in financing activities 
Proceeds from debt finance ...............................................  
1,205 
38 
(1,167) 
(97)% 
Repayments of debt finance ..............................................  
(58) 
(48) 
10 
(17)% 
Repayments of lease liabilities ..........................................  
(16) 
(15) 
1 
(6)% 
Dividends paid ...................................................................  
(1,574) 
(1,228) 
346 
(22)% 
Net cash used in financing activities ...............................  
(443) 
(1,253) 
(810) 
183% 
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ......  
16 
(51) 
(67) 
n/a 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ...  
853 
(498) 
(1,351) 
(158)%  
 
(1) 
Consists of cash outlays for purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. 
Net cash from operating activities decreased by US$148 million, or 6 per cent., from a cash inflow of US$2,292 
million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to a cash inflow of US$2,144 million in the year ended 31 December 
2020. 
The decrease in cash from operating activities of US$148 million was mainly related to the decrease in profit 
before financing and taxation of US$389 million, which was partially offset by the increase in adjustments to 
reconcile profit to cash generated from operations of US$104 million and by the decrease of income tax paid of 
US$172 million. 
The decrease in profit before financing and taxation was due to the factors discussed above. 
The increase in adjustments to reconcile profit to cash generated from operations by US$104 million mainly 
related to the increase in movements in provision for inventories, receivables and other provisions by US$101 
million which were primarily due to the changes of allowance for expected credit losses.

--- Page 94 ---
78 
 
The decrease in income tax paid of US$172 million was in line with the decrease of taxable profit. 
Net cash used in investing activities increased by US$326 million from US$1,012 million for the year ended 31 
December 2019 to US$1,338 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase was mainly due to the 
increase in cash outflow of capital expenditures of US$109 million, that was in line with the approved budgeted 
capex program for 2020 year and the increase in net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiary of US$19 million. 
The decrease of cash inflow from disposal of subsidiary of US$215 million related to the sale of a 100 per cent. 
stake in АО Severstal LPM Balakovo to a third party for a total consideration of US$215 million.  
The increase in net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiary of US$19 million in the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared with the year ended 31 December 2019 related to the acquisition of a 100 per cent. stake in the 
Sintez group of companies from a third party for a total consideration of RUB1.4 billion (US$20 million at the 
transaction date exchange rate).  
Net cash used in financing activities increased by US$810 million, or 183 per cent., from a net cash outflow of 
US$443 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 to a net cash outflow of US$1,253 million in the year ended 
31 December 2020. The increase was mostly due to the decrease in proceeds from debt finance by US$1,167 
million, which was partially offset by the decrease of dividends paid of US$346 million. 
The decrease in proceeds from debt finance of US$1,167 million was primarily related to the bonds issued in the 
year ended 31 December 2019 compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. In April 2019, the Group issued 
two Rouble-denominated bonds amounting to US$230 million and US$153 million with put-options in 2026 and 
2024, respectively, both due in 2029. In September 2019, the Group issued US$800 million bonds denominated 
in US dollars maturing in 2024. 
The decrease in dividends paid by US$346 million was consistent with the Group’s results year-on-year. 
The effect of exchange rates resulted in a US$67 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended 
31 December 2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 mainly due to the significant depreciation of 
the Russian Rouble against the US dollar in the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 95 ---
79 
 
For the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019 
The following table sets forth the Group’s consolidated cash flow for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 
2019: 
 
 
(1) 
Consists of cash outlays for purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. 
Net cash from operating activities increased by US$38 million, or 2 per cent., from a cash inflow of US$2,254 
million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to a cash inflow of US$2,292 million in the year ended 31 December 
2019. 
The increase in cash from operating activities mainly related to the net decrease in operating assets and liabilities 
of US$317 million, the decrease in income tax paid of US$63 million and the increase in adjustments to reconcile 
profit to cash generated from operations of US$135 million which was partially offset by the decrease in profit 
before financing and taxation of US$467 million.  
The decrease in profit before financing and taxation was due to the factors discussed above. 
The increase in adjustments to reconcile profit to cash generated from operations by US$135 million mainly 
related to the increase of depreciation and amortisation by US$59 million and the decrease in reversal of 
impairment of non-current assets by US$63 million from US$68 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to 
US$5 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The increase in depreciation expenses of US$59 million was primarily due to the commissioning of the new 
productive assets. 
Reversal of impairment of non-current assets for the year ended 31 December 2018 mainly consisted of a US$51 
million reversal of impairment loss previously accrued in respect of JSC Olcon. Additionally, a reversal of 
impairment of US$13 million and US$4 million was recognised in 2018 in relation to specific items of property, 
Year ended 31 December 
2018 
2019 
Year on 
year change 
Year on 
year per 
cent. 
change 
(US$ millions) 
Net cash from operating activities  
Profit before financing and taxation .................................. 
2,725 
2,258 
(467) 
(17)% 
Adjustments to reconcile profit to cash generated from 
operations .......................................................................... 
333 
468 
135 
41% 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities  ....................... 
(236) 
81 
317 
(134)% 
Interest paid ....................................................................... 
(104) 
(114) 
(10) 
10% 
Income tax paid ................................................................. 
(464) 
(401) 
63 
(14)% 
Net cash from operating activities .................................. 
2,254 
2,292 
38 
2% 
Net cash used in investing activities  
Capital expenditures(1) ....................................................... 
(688) 
(1,218) 
(530) 
77% 
Proceeds from disposal/(additions to) financial 
investments ........................................................................ 
187 
(34) 
(221) 
(118)% 
Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiary ..................... 
- 
215 
215 
n/a 
Other .................................................................................. 
35 
25 
(10) 
(29)% 
Net cash used in investing activities ............................... 
(466) 
(1,012) 
(546) 
117% 
Net cash used in financing activities  
Proceeds from debt finance ............................................... 
- 
1,205 
1,205 
n/a 
Repayment of debt finance ................................................ 
(584) 
(58) 
526 
(90)% 
Repayments of lease liabilities and other financing 
activities ............................................................................ 
(2) 
(16) 
(14) 
n/a 
Dividends paid ................................................................... 
(1,971) 
(1,574) 
397 
(20)% 
Net cash used in financing activities ............................... 
(2,557) 
(443) 
2,114 
(83)% 
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ...... 
(34) 
16 
50 
(147)% 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents ... 
(803) 
853 
1,656 
n/a

--- Page 96 ---
80 
 
plant and equipment and intangible assets in Severstal Russian Steel segment and Severstal Resources segment, 
respectively. 
The net decrease in changes in operating assets and liabilities of US$317 million was primarily due to the decrease 
in net cash outflow of US$270 million from changes in inventories. 
The decrease in income tax paid of US$63 million was in line with the decrease of taxable profit. 
Net cash used in investing activities increased by US$546 million from US$466 million for the year ended 31 
December 2018 to US$1,012 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was due to the increase 
in cash outflow of capital expenditures of US$530 million, the decrease in proceeds from disposal, net of addition 
to financial investments, of US$221 million, which was partially offset by the increase of cash inflow from 
disposal of subsidiary by US$215 million. 
The increase in capital expenditures of US$530 million was in line with the approved budgeted capex program 
for 2019 year. 
The decrease in proceeds from disposal of financial investments, net of additions to financial investments, of 
US$221 million was mostly due to the disposal of financial investments, mostly presented by bonds of other 
public companies quoted on an active market in the year ended 31 December 2018. 
The increase of cash inflow from disposal of subsidiary of US$215 million in the year ended 31 December 2019 
related to the sale of a 100 per cent. stake in АО Severstal LPM Balakovo to a third party for a total consideration 
of US$215 million. 
Net cash used in financing activities decreased by US$2,114 million, or 83 per cent., from a cash outflow of 
US$2,557 million in the year ended 31 December 2018 to a net cash outflow of US$443 million in the year ended 
31 December 2019. The decrease was mostly due to the decrease in repayments of debt finance of US$526 million, 
the decrease in dividends paid of US$397 million and the increase in proceeds from debt finance of US$1,205 
million. 
The decrease in repayments of debt finance of US$526 million was primarily related to the decrease in bonds 
repayments in the year ended 31 December 2019 compared to the year ended 31 December 2018. In March 2018 
the Group repaid US dollar-denominated Eurobonds with an aggregate nominal amount of US$600 million in 
accordance with the payment schedule. 
The decrease in dividends paid by US$397 million was consistent with the Group’s results year-on-year. 
The increase in proceeds from debt finance of US$1,205 million was primarily related to the Russian bonds issued 
by the Group in the nominal amount of US$230 million and US$153 million in April 2019 with put-options in 
2026 and 2024, respectively, both due in 2029, and bonds issued by the Group in the nominal amount of US$ 800 
million in September 2019, US dollar Eurobonds, maturing in 2024. 
INDEBTEDNESS 
The following table sets out the Group’s indebtedness as at 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
31 December  
 
2020 
2019 
 
(US$ millions) 
Eurobonds 2021 .......................................................................................................... 
505 
505 
Eurobonds 2022 .......................................................................................................... 
635 
633 
Eurobonds 2024 .......................................................................................................... 
802 
799 
Rouble bonds 2029/put 2024 ....................................................................................... 
139 
165 
Rouble bonds 2029/put 2026 ....................................................................................... 
206 
247 
Convertible bonds 2021 .............................................................................................. 
16 
36 
Convertible bonds 2022 .............................................................................................. 
240 
231 
Bank financing ............................................................................................................ 
65 
31 
Other financing ........................................................................................................... 
4  
4 
Total debt finance ...................................................................................................... 
2,612 
2,651

--- Page 97 ---
81 
 
Major Indebtedness 
In February 2017, the Group issued US$500 million bonds denominated in US dollars maturing in 2021. These 
bonds bear an interest rate of 3.85 per cent. per annum, which is payable semi-annually in February and August 
each year, beginning in August 2017. The proceeds from the bonds’ issuance were used for general corporate 
purposes, including refinancing of debt that matured in 2018. As at 31 December 2020, the amount outstanding 
under this facility was US$505 million. 
In October 2012, the Group issued US$750 million bonds denominated in US dollars maturing in 2022. These 
bonds bear an interest rate of 5.9 per cent. per annum, which is payable semi-annually in April and October each 
year, beginning in April 2013. The proceeds from the bonds issuance were used for general corporate purposes, 
including refinancing of debt maturing in 2013. As at 31 December 2020, the amount outstanding under this 
facility was US$635 million. 
In September 2019, the Group issued US$800 million bonds denominated in US dollars maturing in 2024. These 
bonds bear an interest rate of 3.15 per cent. per annum, which is payable semi-annually in September and March 
each year, beginning in March 2020. The proceeds from the bonds’ issuance were mainly used for general 
corporate purposes. As at 31 December 2020, the amount outstanding under this facility was US$802 million. 
In April 2019, the Group issued two rouble denominated bonds amounting to US$230 million and US$153 million 
with put-options in 2026 and 2024, respectively, both due in 2029. The bonds bear an interest rate of 8.65 per 
cent. per annum, which is payable every 182 days, beginning in October 2019. The proceeds from the bonds’ 
issuance were used mainly for general corporate purposes. As at 31 December 2020, the amount outstanding under 
these bonds was US$206 million and US$139 million, respectively. 
In April 2016, the Group issued US$200 million senior unsecured guaranteed convertible bonds maturing in 2021. 
The conversion rights may be exercised at any time on or after 9 June 2016. The initial conversion price was set 
at US$13.80 per GDR. If the conversion rights are exercised, it is at the Group’s discretion to determine whether 
to convert bonds into GDRs or to pay a cash amount as defined in the terms of the issue. This settlement option 
causes the conversion feature of the bond to be classified separately and measured at fair value through profit and 
loss, while the host liability is accounted for at amortised cost using market interest rate of 5.1 per cent. per annum 
at the date of the issue. The bonds bear an interest rate of 0.5 per cent. per annum, which is payable semi-annually 
in April and October each year, beginning in October 2016. Holders of the bonds had an option to require an early 
redemption of their bonds on 29 April 2019 at the principal amount plus accrued interest. The Group also has an 
option for early redemption, exercisable starting from 20 May 2019 provided the value of the GDRs deliverable 
on conversion of the bonds exceeds 130 per cent. of the principal amount of the bonds for a specified period of 
time. The proceeds from the bonds’ issuance were mainly used for general corporate purposes. During 2018-2020 
conversion rights were partially exercised. As a result, as at 31 December 2020, US$183 million of bonds at 
nominal value were redeemed (as at 31 December 2019, US$161 million). 
As at 31 December 2020, the value of the conversion option of the convertible bonds maturing in 2021 was US$24 
million and was determined with reference to the quoted market price (level 2 of the fair value hierarchy) and 
included in other current liabilities (as at 31 December 2019, US$34 million was included in other non-current 
liabilities). See Note 19 of the Financial Statements on pages F-29 for further information. 
In February 2017, the Group issued US$250 million senior unsecured guaranteed convertible zero-coupon bonds 
maturing in 2022. The conversion rights may be exercised at any time on or after 29 March 2017. The initial 
conversion price was set at US$20.33 per GDR. If the conversion rights are exercised, it is at the Group’s 
discretion to determine whether to convert bonds into GDRs or to pay a cash amount as defined in the terms of 
the issue. This settlement option causes the conversion feature of the bond to be classified separately and measured 
at fair value through profit and loss, whilst the host liability is accounted for at amortised cost using market interest 
rate at 3.9 per cent. per annum at the date of the issue. Holders of the bonds have an option to require an early 
redemption of their bonds on 16 February 2020 at the principal amount. The Group also has an option for early 
redemption, exercisable starting from 9 March 2020 provided the value of the GDRs deliverable on conversion of 
the bonds exceeds 130 per cent. of the principal amount of the bonds for a specified period of time. The proceeds 
from the bonds’ issuance were mainly used for general corporate purposes. 
As at 31 December 2020, the value of the conversion option of the convertible bonds maturing in 2022 was 
US$123 million and was determined with reference to the quoted market price (level 2 of the fair value hierarchy) 
and included in other non-current liabilities (as at 31 December 2019, US$59 million was included in other current 
liabilities). See Note 21 of the Financial Statements on pages F-30 for further information.

--- Page 98 ---
82 
 
Total debt was contractually repayable as at the following dates: 
 
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(US$ millions) 
Less than one year .........................................................................................................  
610 
290 
Between one and five years ...........................................................................................  
1,799 
2,119 
After more than five years .............................................................................................  
203 
242 
Total debt finance ........................................................................................................  
2,612 
2,651 
 
Commitments  
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had contractual capital commitments of US$349 million.  
See Note 27 of the Financial Statements on page F-41 for information on certain actual and potential contingencies 
for litigation and other liabilities. 
Guarantees 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had US$2 million of guarantees issued compared to US$nil million as at 31 
December 2019. 
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ON MARKET RISK 
The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set 
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and 
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. 
The Group’s Board of Directors oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk 
management policies and procedures. The Group’s Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of the risk 
management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group on a quarterly basis.  
Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risk arises in the normal course of the Group's business. 
The Severstal Resources segment of the Group has not used derivative financial instruments to reduce exposure 
to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. If required, the Severstal Russian Steel segment uses 
derivatives to hedge their interest rates and foreign exchange rate exposures. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had a derivative financial liability due to the bonds conversion option 
amounting to US$147 million, measured at fair value. 
The fair value of the Group’s bonds was greater than their carrying amount by US$119 million:  
31 December 2020 
Fair Value 
Book value 
Difference 
Eurobonds 2021 .................................................................  
515 
505 
10 
Eurobonds 2022 .................................................................  
686 
635 
51 
Eurobonds 2024 .................................................................  
840 
802 
38 
Rouble bonds 2029/put 2024 .............................................  
152 
139 
13 
Rouble bonds 2029/put 2026 .............................................  
206 
206 
- 
Convertible bonds 2021 .....................................................  
40 
40 
- 
Convertible bonds 2022 .....................................................  
370 
363 
7 
Total ..................................................................................  
2,809 
2,690 
119 
 
The fair value of the Group’s Eurobonds was determined based on London Stock Exchange quotations (level 1 of 
the fair value hierarchy), the fair value of the Group’s rouble bonds was based on MOEX. 
The carrying value of other Group’s financial assets does not differ significantly from its fair value.   
Credit risk 
The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the 
consolidated statement of financial position and guarantees.

--- Page 99 ---
83 
 
Part of the Group’s sales are made on terms of letters of credit. In addition, the Group requires prepayments from 
certain customers. The Group also holds bank and other guarantees, credit insurance policies provided as collateral 
for certain financial assets. The amount of collateral held does not fully cover the Group’s exposure to credit risk. 
The Group allocates each exposure to credit risk based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of 
loss (including but not limited to external ratings, audited financial statements and publicly available information 
about customers) and applying experienced credit judgement.   
Expected credit losses rate is calculated for accounts receivable based on delinquency status and actual credit 
losses experience over the past three years. 
The Group has developed policies and procedures for the management of credit exposure, including the 
establishment of a credit committee that actively monitors credit risk.  
Additionally, in order to minimise credit risk of the counterparty banks, the analysis is carried out in respect of 
banks’ financial stability, and a quarterly review of the risk limits for banks with subsequent review of the Group's 
operations  within those established limits. 
See Note 26 of the Financial Statements on pages F-37 for further information. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk arises when the Group encounters difficulties to meet commitments associated with liabilities and 
other settlements. 
The Group manages liquidity risk with the objective of ensuring that funds will be available at all times to honour 
all cash obligations as they become due, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching 
the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. 
The Group also maintains committed credit lines and overdraft facilities that can be drawn down to meet both 
short-term and long-term financing needs. This enables the Group to maintain an appropriate level of liquidity 
and financial capacity and to minimise borrowing costs and achieve an optimal debt profile. 
See Note 26 of the Financial Statements on pages F-37 for further information. 
Currency risk 
Currency risk arises when a Group entity enters into transactions and has balances denominated in a currency 
other than its functional currency. The Group has assets and liabilities denominated in several foreign currencies. 
Foreign currency risk arises when the actual or forecasted assets in a foreign currency are either greater or less 
than the liabilities in that currency. 
In order to reduce the sensitivity to a currency risk the Group makes best effort to match cash inflows and outflows 
in the same currency. 
See Note 26 of the Financial Statements on pages F-37 for further information. 
Commodity price risk 
Commodity price risk is a risk arising from possible changes in price of raw materials and metal products, and it 
has impact on the Group’s operational results. 
The Group has a high degree of vertical integration which allows it to control and effectively manage the entire 
production process: from mining of raw materials to production, processing and distribution of metal products. 
This reduces the Group's exposure to commodity price risk. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND 
ESTIMATES 
A detailed description of significant accounting policies, critical accounting judgements and estimates used in 
applying such policies are set out in Note 2 and Note 3 to the Financial Statements on pages F-14 for further 
information.

--- Page 100 ---
84 
 
INDUSTRY 
The following information includes extracts from publicly available information, data and statistics and has been 
extracted from official sources and other sources the Company believes to be reliable. The Company accepts 
responsibility for accurately reproducing such information, data, and statistics and, as far as the Company is 
aware, no facts have been omitted that would render such information misleading. The Company accepts no 
further responsibility in respect of such information, data and statistics. Such information, data and statistics may 
be approximations or use rounded numbers. 
THE STEEL INDUSTRY 
Steel Production Process 
The key stages of the steel production process are coke making, iron making, steelmaking and steel rolling. 
Captive iron ore and coking coal resources ensure a secure supply of raw materials for steel production. The 
following is a brief summary of these processes: 
Coke making 
Coke is a solid product of coal coking. Coke usually contains 84 to 91 per cent. carbon and is used as the main 
fuel in blast furnaces. Coke is produced by heating the prepared coal charge in the absence of oxygen at 
temperatures of 900 to 1,200°C (pyrolysis) for 14 to 18 hours in the coke-ovens. After discharge from the ovens, 
coke is delivered to the blast furnaces for further use in iron making. Other products of the traditional by-product 
coking process include coke-oven gas and various by-products separated from the coke-oven gas. Coke-oven gas 
may be used as gaseous fuel in coking and other shops of the steel plant, as well as in adjacent power generation. 
The other by-products are further processed by the designated on-site shops and eventually sold to the third-party 
customers. 
Iron making 
Prepared iron ore raw materials (sinter and pellets) and coke are used for hot metal production. Coke and natural 
gas serve as fuel for the blast furnaces. Coke-oven gas, together with top gas from the blast furnaces, is used as 
fuel for the heating of the stoves. Sinter, pellets and coke are layered and fed into a blast furnace from the top. 
Fuel combustion, reduction of iron from oxides, carbonisation of iron with partial reduction of silicon and 
manganese, melting of all components of burden and slag-making all occur inside a blast furnace. 
Once formed, hot metal sinks to the bottom of the blast furnace where it is tapped off into the torpedo cars and 
delivered to the steel making shop to be converted into steel. Hot metal can also be delivered to a pig iron casting 
machine that produces pig iron for sale as a semi-finished product. Slag from the blast furnaces is recycled and 
further used in a variety of industries. At many steel plants, top gas generated in the blast furnaces during the iron 
making process is also used as a fuel for stoves, coke-ovens, boilers, rolling mills and other purposes. 
Steel making 
Steel is produced from hot metal and/or steel scrap and scrap substitutes using one of the following three 
technologies. 
Basic oxygen furnace (BOF) 
The oxygen converter process is based on the interaction of process oxygen (practically pure oxygen) with the 
molten charge bath. By blowing oxygen through the bath, the carbon content is reduced and the charge is 
transformed into low-carbon steel. 
Scrap and hot metal are charged into the vessel and oxygen is then blown via a lance into the vessel, oxidising 
carbon and other impurities (silicon, manganese, etc.), thus lowering the carbon content of the molten charge and 
partially removing undesired chemical elements. Fluxes, such as burnt lime and dolomite, are fed into the vessel 
to form slag, which absorbs undesired impurities during the steel making process. The steel is then poured into a 
steel ladle where alloying materials can be added. The oxygen converter process is generally considered to be the 
most efficient steelmaking route for producing large volumes of high-quality steel.

--- Page 101 ---
85 
 
Electric arc furnace process (EAF) 
In electric arc furnaces, the scrap and other charge elements are being melted by the heat generated by electricity 
arcing between graphite electrodes and the metallic charge. The key equipment components of the EAF are: a 
furnace shell, a retractable roof, a graphite electrode arm, a tilting device and a furnace transformer. The EAF 
production process consists of charging, melting, oxidation and tapping. 
The EAF charge consists of scrap and scrap substitutes, such as DRI/HBI or pig iron, and sometimes hot metal, 
as well as fluxes. In some furnace designs, charge materials can be added in batches or continuously fed during 
the melting process. Once the melting stage is completed, the steel is tapped out into a preheated ladle. Some 
liquid steel is often left in the furnace to facilitate the melting of the next charge. 
Open hearth process 
In the open hearth process the steel is produced by melting scrap, hot metal and other charge components by the 
radiation heat of the burners positioned above the charge materials surface. Open hearth process is ineffective and 
is rarely used across the world. The share of steel produced by this process was at approximately 0.3 per cent. out 
of the total crude steel production in 2019. 
Steel rolling 
Cast steel is a relatively weak mass of coarse uneven metal crystals or “grains”. Rolling the steel makes this coarse 
grain structure re-crystallise into a much finer grain structure, giving greater toughness, shock resistance and 
tensile (stress) strength. Rolling is also the main method used to shape steel into different products. 
Flat rolling process consists of passing the steel between two rolls revolving at the same speed but in opposite 
directions. The gap between the rolls is less than the thickness of the steel being rolled, resulting in the steel being 
reduced in thickness, at the same time, lengthened. In addition to hot-rolling, where steel is reheated prior to 
rolling, it may also be further reduced without preheating in the process called cold-rolling, resulting in a different 
set of properties. 
Global Steel Market  
The global steel industry is cyclical and is affected by a combination of factors, including periods of economic 
growth or recession, worldwide production capacity and the existence of, and fluctuations in, steel imports and 
protective trade measures. Steel prices respond to supply and demand and fluctuate in response to general and 
industry specific economic conditions. In 2020, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption 
caused by various countermeasures to reduce its spread had a significant negative effect on economies throughout 
the world (for further details, see “Risk Factors—Risk Factors Relating to the Group and the Steel and Mining 
Industries—The global COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption caused by various countermeasures to reduce its 
spread, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations”). 
In line with the COVID-19-related global economic downturn, global steel demand decreased in 2020. According 
to Worldsteel’s estimates, the Euro-area demand contracted by 15.2 per cent., while Indian steel consumption 
declined by 20.2 per cent. In contrast, the Chinese consumption marked a 8 per cent. growth aided by 
infrastructure stimulus and strong property market. The major steel demand contraction was in the second quarter 
of 2020, while in the third and the fourth quarters of 2020 the previously restrained demand was realized as severe 
lockdown restrictions were lifted. 
Global GDP is expected to grow in 2021, fuelled by expected rollouts of the COVID-19 vaccines and the global 
trade recovery. According to Worldsteel, global steel demand is expected to increase by 4.1 per cent. in 2021 
slightly exceeding the 2019 level. The major impact for steel consumption is anticipated from the developing 
countries, such as India and ASEAN. The Euro-area demand is also expected to recover. Chinese steel 
consumption is expected to stay high as the government is likely to continue infrastructure projects that were 
started in 2020. 
The following table sets out estimated crude steel production data by country or region for the period from 2016 
to 2020. 
World Crude Steel Production, million tonnes (unless stated otherwise)

--- Page 102 ---
86 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
European Union ....................................  
162 
168 
167 
157 
139 
Other Europe ........................................  
38 
42 
42 
39 
40 
C.I.S. .......................................................  
101 
100 
101 
100 
102 
Russia .................................................  
69 
71 
72 
72 
73 
Ukraine ...............................................  
24 
21 
21 
21 
21 
North America ......................................  
111 
115 
121 
120 
101 
United States ......................................  
78 
82 
87 
88 
73 
South America.......................................  
41 
44 
45 
42 
38 
Africa .....................................................  
13 
15 
18 
17 
17 
Middle East ...........................................  
32 
35 
43 
44 
45 
Asia .........................................................  
1,129 
1,209 
1,282 
1,354 
1,375 
China ..................................................  
808 
871 
928 
1,001 
1,053 
India ....................................................  
95 
101 
109 
111 
100 
Japan ...................................................  
105 
105 
104 
99 
83 
Oceania ..................................................  
6 
6 
6 
6 
6 
World .....................................................  
1,631 
1,735 
1,826 
1,880 
1,864 
Annual change (%) ...............................  
0.5% 
6.3% 
5.2% 
3.0% 
(0.9) 
 
Source: Worldsteel 
Note: numbers are rounded to the nearest whole 
The following table sets out estimated finished steel consumption data by country or region from 2016 to 2020. 
Apparent Steel Use, finished steel products, million tonnes 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020E 
European Union ....................................  
158 
164 
168 
158 
134 
Other Europe ........................................  
41 
42 
38 
34 
35 
CIS ..........................................................  
51 
54 
56 
59 
54 
Russia .................................................  
39 
41 
41 
44 
40 
Ukraine ...............................................  
4 
5 
5 
5 
4 
North America ......................................  
131 
138 
141 
135 
115 
United States ......................................  
92 
98 
100 
98 
82 
Central & South America ....................  
40 
42 
43 
42 
37 
Africa .....................................................  
38 
35 
36 
36 
31 
Middle East ...........................................  
53 
53 
50 
48 
39 
Asia .........................................................  
1,002 
1,098 
1,170 
1,248 
1,275 
China ..................................................  
681 
774 
836 
907 
980 
India ....................................................  
84 
89 
97 
103 
82 
Japan ...................................................  
62 
64 
65 
63 
51 
Oceania ..................................................  
7 
7 
7 
7 
6 
World .....................................................  
1,519 
1,633 
1,707 
1,767 
1,725 
 
Source: Worldsteel  
Note: numbers are rounded to the nearest whole 
Major steel products traded worldwide include semi-finished products, hot and cold-rolled sheets and coils, steel 
tubes and fittings, galvanised sheet, wire rod and angles and sections.  
Steel Prices 
The price of Chinese hot-rolled coil (HRC) exports was stable in 2020 at level of US$500/t. Russian exported 
HRC prices increased by 1 per cent. in 2020, taking the year average to US$475/t (FOB Black Sea). In the first 
half of 2020, the global steel market was under the pressure of falling global steel demand. In response to lowered 
demand, steel producers halted around 75 million tonnes of blast furnace capacity. In the second half of 2020, the 
global steel market turned in recovery phase fuelled by pent up demand and high raw material prices. At the same 
time steelmakers started to resume idled blast furnaces. 
The following graph sets out the steel price levels (FOB) China and the Black Sea region in 2019 and 2020.

--- Page 103 ---
87 
 
Steel prices, [US$/t] 
 
Source: The Group, based on the data from Metal Expert. 
Russian Steel Industry 
Russian steel production 
The metallurgy sector is one of the most important sectors of the Russian economy. Russian enterprises produce 
a wide range of metal products for the domestic economy, in particular for the construction, machinery, 
automotive and energy sectors. 
Russian market 
Russian economy and steel demand 
According to Rosstat, Russian GDP the following global downturn contracted by 3.1 per cent. in 2020. The decline 
in economic growth mostly took place in the second quarter of 2020, when the COVID-19 lockdown restrictions 
were imposed. The recovery of economic activity started as the COVID-19 lockdown measures were lifted in the 
second half of 2020. Overall in 2020 in Russia, the industrial production declined by 2.9 per cent., fixed capital 
investments decreased by 6.6 per cent., household consumption declined by 3.5 per cent. 
To address the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, like many other countries, the Russian government 
introduced a stimulus directed to support household income and business activity. In 2020, the Central Bank of 
Russia cut the key rate to 4.25 per cent., the lowest level in history. Inflation rate in Russia reached 4.9 per cent. 
by the year end, according with Rosstat.  
The Russian GDP growth in 2021 is anticipated to recover to 3 per cent, driven by increased export and internal 
demand, monetary easing and implementation of the national recovery plan, which is expected to accelerate 
investments in infrastructure projects.  
Steel consumption growth in 2019 reached 5.5 per cent., primarily fuelled by construction segment. Residential 
and infrastructure construction was, in turn, supported by the implementation of several national projects. Russian 
steel demand in 2020 was hit by the COVID-19-driven economic downturn. Steel consumption in 2020 decreased 
by 3 per cent. while it is expected to recover in 2021 by 4 per cent. Acceleration of Russian steel demand will be 
fueled by business activity growth and the implementation of several planned national projects. Upside potential 
is anticipated from construction sector as the Russian Government introduced a preferential mortgage programme.   
The following graph sets out Russian steel demand levels from 2012 to 2020. 
 
300
400
500
600
700
800
01.01.2019
01.02.2019
01.03.2019
01.04.2019
01.05.2019
01.06.2019
01.07.2019
01.08.2019
01.09.2019
01.10.2019
01.11.2019
01.12.2019
01.01.2020
01.02.2020
01.03.2020
01.04.2020
01.05.2020
01.06.2020
01.07.2020
01.08.2020
01.09.2020
01.10.2020
01.11.2020
01.12.2020
HRC FOB Black Sea
HRC FOB China

--- Page 104 ---
88 
 
Russian steel demand, mt 
 
Source: Worldsteel, the Group’s estimate. 
MINING INDUSTRY 
Iron Ore 
Global Market 
The global iron ore industry is characterised by a high degree of consolidation, with Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and 
Fortescue (Australia) and Vale (Brazil), accounting for approximately 70 per cent. of the global seaborne iron ore 
supply in 2020. 
The following table sets out global iron ore production data by country or region from 2016 to 2020. 
Iron ore production, million tonnes (unless stated otherwise) 
  
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
United States ............................................................................. 
42 
48 
49 
47 
37 
Australia .................................................................................... 
858 
883 
900 
919 
900 
Brazil ......................................................................................... 
430 
425 
460 
405 
400 
Canada ....................................................................................... 
47 
49 
52 
58 
57 
China ......................................................................................... 
348 
360 
340 
351 
340 
India .......................................................................................... 
185 
202 
205 
238 
230 
Iran ............................................................................................ 
35 
40 
36 
33 
32 
Kazakhstan ................................................................................ 
34 
39 
42 
22 
21 
Russia ........................................................................................ 
105 
107 
108 
109 
111 
South Africa .............................................................................. 
66 
81 
74 
72 
71 
Sweden ...................................................................................... 
27 
27 
36 
36 
35 
Ukraine ...................................................................................... 
63 
61 
60 
63 
62 
Other countries .......................................................................... 
116 
119 
98 
97 
104 
World total (rounded) ............................................................. 
2,356 
2,441 
2,460 
2,450 
2,400 
Annual change (%) .................................................................... 
3.1 
3.6 
0.8 
(0.4) 
(2.0) 
 
Source: US Geological Survey, MetalsMining.ru  
Note: Numbers are rounded to the nearest whole 
Historically, Europe, Japan and China have been the major iron ore consumption centres. After the global 
economic crisis in 2008, China became the global leader for economic growth rates, steel production volumes and 
iron ore consumption primarily due to increasing imports. China is today the biggest consumer of seaborne iron 
ore with Chinese imports accounting for approximately 70 per cent. of global trade in 2020. A decrease in domestic 
production and growing consumption levels have combined to increase China’s dependence on imports.  
In 2020, China has become even more important iron ore consumption centre. Steel production in most of 
countries decreased in 2020 due to fall in overall steel consumption caused by COVID-19 crisis. However, China’s 
steel production increased in 2020 by 5.2 per cent. to 1.05 billion tonnes, pushing iron ore imports, which rose by 
9.5 per cent. on the year to a record high of around 1.17 billion tonnes. 
Increase of iron ore consumption in China, coupled with supply issues in Australia and Brazil (alongside the long 
lasting deficit since Vale accident*), fuelled iron ore price to high historical levels unlike many other commodities 
42,8
43,3
43,0
39,7
38,7
40,9
41,4
43,7
42.4
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020E

--- Page 105 ---
89 
 
in 2020. A steel products price rally occurred in the fourth quarter of 2020 in most regions, as well as in China, 
which drove iron ore prices to the record high. 
*On 25 January 2019, Vale’s Córrego do Feijão operation in the south-eastern state of Minas Gerais in Brazil 
reported the failure of the Brumadinho dam which flooded the company’s facilities, local communities and 
farmland with liquefied mud. The dam’s failure and subsequent decommission of some Vale’s facilities caused a 
significant deficit on the global market and the resulting supply shortfall, lasting into 2020. 
Iron ore (62% Fe fines), CFR, Chinese import, US$/t 
 
Source: The Group, based on the data from Metal Expert. 
 
According to the 2020 report from the Australian Government’s Department of Industry, Science, Energy and 
Resource, the supply-demand balance is expected to improve in 2021, with the projected growth in the seaborne 
supply. Vale is expected to continue its return to pre-accident levels (including Samarco) and Australian producers 
plan to increase supply to seaborne market in 2021. On the demand side, Chinese hot metal production is expected 
to stabilise or slightly decline, but European countries and Japan are projected to increase production. This growth 
in demand, however, is not expected to exceed the growth in the seaborne supply. Thus, the global iron ore market 
in 2021 is expected to be more balanced, tending to a price decrease. 
Russian Market 
Total iron ore production in Russia in 2020 was 111 million tonnes. Russia is generally self-sufficient in iron ore 
consumption with imports accounting for a small portion of consumption that can be explained by the geographic 
proximity of MMK Steel Works to iron ore producer SSGPO, located in Kazakhstan near the Russian border. The 
majority of Russian steel producers control iron ore production assets: Mechel has control over Korshunovksy 
GOK, Evraz over KGOK, NLMK over Stoilensky GOK, and Ural Steel over Mikhailovsky GOK and Lebedinsky 
GOK. Production of iron ore in Russia is concentrated in the Kursk region, representing the majority of Russian 
production, as well as in the northwest, the Urals and the Siberian and Far East districts. Iron ore produced in 
Russia is mainly magnetite, as opposed to hematite which is common in Australia. 
Production process 
More than 90 per cent. of iron ore mined in Russia is extracted by open-pit methods, with the balance extracted 
from underground mines. After extraction, the ore is processed further in order to increase its iron concentration. 
The iron ore is then crushed to a powder-like consistency, and iron-rich particles are separated from the waste 
rock by magnetic separation to produce iron ore concentrate. This concentrate is then formed into pellets or sinter 
that are suitable for use as blast furnace feed. 
To produce sinter, iron ore, iron ore concentrates and iron-bearing materials (blast furnace dust, screenings of 
sinter and pellets, scale, waste and slime), flux (limestone) and coke breeze are weighed and mixed to form sinter

--- Page 106 ---
90 
 
burden. This sinter burden is then granulated and laid in two layers in sinter machines. The sinter burden becomes 
sinter at temperatures of 1,070-1,200°C through the combustion of carbon from the coke breeze, while air is 
simultaneously drawn through the sinter burden by means of exhausters. After crushing, screening and cooling 
the sinter is ready for delivery to blast furnaces. 
In producing iron ore pellets, iron ore concentrate is mixed with water and other additives, such as hentonite and 
limestone. The resulting slurry is baked at approximately 1,300°C. After the pellets have been screened and 
undersized material removed, they are prepared for use in blast furnaces. 
Coal 
Coal may be divided into steam (thermal) coal and coking (metallurgical) coal. Steam coal is used in electricity 
generation and industrial applications, while coking coal is used to manufacture coke for use in blast furnaces and 
other metallurgical applications. Coking coal swells when heated in coke-ovens to produce hard coke, its 
characteristics is essential in steel making operations. Approximately 400-500 kilogrammes of coke is used per 
tonne of hot metal. Coke is supplemented by the direct injection of PCI at rates of 100 to 200 kilogrammes per 
tonne of hot metal. In recent years, the global coal industry has consolidated, partly as a result of oil companies 
and other non-mining companies exiting the sector. As a result of consolidation, coal suppliers have gained more 
pricing power. The main exporters of all coal types are Indonesia, Australia, Russia, South Africa, the main 
importers include China, India, Japan, Korea, EU and Taiwan. 
Hard coking coal 
Similarly to many other raw materials, hard coking coal market was affected by the COVID-19 crisis and Chinese 
policies in 2020. In the first five months of 2020, hard coking coal prices declined alongside many other 
commodities before plunging to multi years lows in June-August. Hard coking coal prices have been volatile in 
the fourth quarter of 2020 and in the beginning of 2021.  
Rebounding on hopeful signs in Chinese and world industrial activity in September and October of 2020, prices 
fell sharply because of China’s informal import restrictions imposed in middle of October. The Chinese import 
ban on Australian coal resulted in divergence in FOB Australia and CFR China coal prices. CFR China price 
increased to approximately 200 US$/t as Chinese buyers sought alternative suppliers, the price on FOB Australia 
basis decreased to 100 US$/t. However, two or three months were needed for the market to rebalance. FOB 
Australia prices started to increase in January 2021. 
Hard coking coal, FOB, Australian export, US$/t 
 
 
$151
$0
$50
$100
$150
$200
$250
$300
Jan-18
Mar-18
May-18
Jul-18
Sep-18
Nov-18
Jan-19
Mar-19
May-19
Jul-19
Sep-19
Nov-19
Jan-20
Mar-20
May-20
Jul-20
Sep-20
Nov-20
Jan-21

--- Page 107 ---
91 
 
Source: The Group, based on the data from Metal Expert. Breaks in the graph reflect public holidays in Russia and Ukraine. 
In the coming months, hard coking coal prices on FOB basis are expected to grow further in line with global steel 
production (ex-China). The timing for normalization of FOB-CFR correlation (to the freight difference) is 
uncertain due to the ongoing Chinese import ban. According to the 2020 report from the Australian Government’s 
Department of Industry, Science, Energy and Resource, in 2021, as the world economy is expected to recover 
hard coking coal prices are expected to stabilise above the cost-curve supported level of US$130-135/t.  
Russian market trends 
Russia has the world’s second largest coal reserves after the United States. Its proven coal reserves total 
approximately 162 billion tonnes, accounting for 15.0 per cent. of the world’s proven coal reserves. 
Coal production in Russia is concentrated in the Kuznetsk Basin and the Kansko Achinskii Basin, which are east 
of the Ural Mountains, and Pechorskii Basin, which is northeast of European Russia, and collectively account for 
the majority of Russia’s total coal production. 
Principal Competitors of Severstal Resources—Coking Coal Production, million tonnes (unless stated otherwise)  
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Raspadskaya (owned by EVRAZ) .............................................  
6.7 
7.1 
7.3 
8.0 
8.9 
Sibuglemet (independent producer) ...........................................  
6.5 
6.3 
6.2 
6.7 
5.6 
Yuzhkuzbassugol (owned by EVRAZ) .....................................  
6.2 
6.5 
6.0 
6.5 
6.6 
Vorkutaugol (owned by Severstal) ............................................  
4.1 
3.3 
3.4 
4.7 
4.7 
Yakutugol (owned by Mechel) ..................................................  
5.6 
4.5 
3.4 
2.7 
2.4 
KRU (owned by UMMC) .........................................................  
3.4 
3.5 
3.3 
3.0 
4.0 
Yuzhny Kuzbass (owned by Mechel) ........................................  
2.4 
2.5 
2.6 
3.2 
3.1 
Other .........................................................................................  
26.7 
29.5 
31.2 
31.9 
33.0 
Russia ...............................................................................  
61.6 
63.2 
63.4 
66.7 
68.3 
Annual change (%) ....................................................................  
8.5 
2.6 
0.3 
5.2 
2.4 
Source: Metcoal.ru 
Note: Numbers are rounded to the first decimal place 
Production process  
Approximately two-thirds of the coal mined in Russia is extracted by open pit methods, with the balance extracted 
from underground mining. At surface mines, a combination of shovels and draglines is used for moving coal and 
overburden after drilling and blasting. Production at underground mines in Russia is predominantly from long-
wall mining. After mining, depending upon the amount of impurities in the coal, the coal is processed in a washing 
plant, where it is crushed and beneficiated. Coking coal is then transported to steel plants for conversion to coke 
for use in steel making. Steam coal is shipped to utilities that use it in boilers to generate steam used in producing 
electricity. 
Russian Methodologies for Reserve and Resource Reporting 
Severstal Resources has traditionally used Russia’s long-established system of reserve and resource reporting, set 
out by the Russian Federation Ministry of Natural Resources. In 2005, Severstal Resources began voluntarily 
using the internationally recognised JORC code of reserves and resource reporting (see “—International 
Reporting Methodologies”). All data relating to Severstal Resources’ iron ore reserves and resources summarised 
in this Base Prospectus is calculated by reference to estimates contained in the report issued by IMC Montan dated 
February 2013 and IMC dated June 2006, in each case, prepared in accordance with JORC reporting standards 
(for assets located in Russia), SRK Consulting dated September 2012 prepared under the Guidelines of Samrec 
(for the Putu Range deposit, Liberia) and Russian state reporting (for Vorkutaugol).  
The primary difference between Russian and international methodologies is that Russian methodologies rely on 
“geometrical” methods to determine reserves, as compared with international methodologies, which utilise 
sampling and extrapolation techniques. 
According to the Russian system, deposits are classified into one of four classes, based on the complexity of their 
geological structure. This classification may take into account quantitative results measuring the inconsistencies 
in the basic features of mineralisation. This initial classification is intended to identify those resources warranting 
further study. Depending on the extent of further exploration, mineral resources are subsequently divided into

--- Page 108 ---
92 
 
“explored” and “evaluated” deposits. Explored deposits have been sufficiently explored to proceed with a 
feasibility study relating to commercial development, and evaluated deposits have been explored to the extent 
necessary to determine whether continued exploration is warranted. Resources that do not meet the standards for 
explored or evaluated deposits are classified as projected resources. Explored and evaluated deposits are further 
classified based on the type, quantity and quality of the measurements taken to evaluate the reserves. 
Category A reserves include only explored deposits, and must meet the following criteria: 
 
the sizes, forms and bedding conditions of the mineral body have been determined; the nature and 
regularities in their morphology and internal fabric have been studied; the barren and off-grade 
segments within the mineral bodies have been detected and mapped; and the locations and fault 
amplitudes of dislocations with a break have been identified; 
 
the natural varieties of the minerals within the body have been determined; its categories and grades 
have been identified and mapped; its compositions and properties have been verified; and the quality 
of all categories and grades of the identified minerals have been characterised in terms of all 
parameters stipulated by industrial regulations; 
 
the distribution and forms of those valuable and noxious components found in the mineral body and 
products of its processing have been investigated; and 
 
the mineral reserves have been mapped based on test wells, mine workings and detailed trial runs. 
Category B reserves include only explored deposits. Category B reserves have been subject to a high level of 
investigation, though their boundaries have been determined with less accuracy than Category A reserves. 
Category B reserves meet the criteria established for Category A reserves, except that Category B reserves may 
contain a limited extrapolation zone that is substantiated on the basis of geological criteria and geophysical and 
geochemical research. 
Category C1 reserves are characterised by a lower level of accuracy than the determination of Category B reserves. 
Most explored deposits are Category C1 reserves. Category C1 reserves meet the criteria established for Category 
B, except that additional extrapolation is permitted in mapping the mineral deposit. 
Category C2 reserves consist of evaluated deposits. Category C2 reserves must meet the criteria established for 
Category C1, except that: 
 
the sizes, forms, internal fabric and bedding conditions of the mineral body are confirmed by means 
of only a limited number of test wells and core samples; and 
 
the boundaries of the deposit (including core samples and outcroppings) are mapped based on data 
gathered from only a limited number of test wells, and a geologically substantiated extrapolation of 
deposit parameters is permitted. 
Resources that do not meet the standards for classification as A, B, C1 or C2 reserves may be classified as probable 
resources, in Category P1, P2 or P3. Such deposits have undergone some exploration, but require further 
geological work in order to be upgraded to A, B, C1 or C2 reserves. While a direct comparison between 
international and Russian reporting methodologies is difficult because each is founded on different principles, it 
is often the case that categories A and B Russian reserves correlate to proven reserves, and C1 Russian reserves 
to probable reserves. However, these relationships may vary among deposits, and at different times for the same 
deposits. 
International Reporting Methodologies 
Several codes exist for reporting reserves in the international mining industry. The technical differences between 
these codes are minor, and results are generally comparable regardless of which methodology is employed in 
assessing a particular deposit. The principal reporting codes in current use are: 
 
United States Geologic Survey Circular 831 (United States); 
 
Ontario Securities Commission Instrument 43-101 (Canada); 
 
Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) Code (Australia);

--- Page 109 ---
93 
 
 
Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining Reporting Code (United Kingdom and Ireland); and 
 
South African Institute of Mining and Metallurgy Reporting Code (South Africa). 
Each of these codes recognises the difference between mineral resources and reserves. Conversion from a mineral 
resource to an ore reserve requires the application of “modifying factors”, including mining, metallurgical, 
economic, marketing, legal, environmental, social and governmental factors. A “resource” is geologically defined; 
it becomes a “reserve” when the modifying factors, especially technical and economic factors, are taken into 
account. Each of these codes also includes strict guidelines for data quality and reporting in mining commodities. 
The Committee for Mineral Reserves International Reporting Standards (CRIRSCO), which was formed under 
the auspices of the Council of Mining and Metallurgical Institutions (CMMI), is a grouping of representatives of 
major organisations that are responsible for developing mineral reporting codes and guidelines, such as Australasia 
(JORC), Brazil (CBRR), Canada (CIM), Russia (NAEN) and the USA (SME). As part of its mission, CRIRSCO 
is currently working to establish a common international reporting code standard and has developed an 
international minerals reporting template for the public reporting of exploration targets, exploration results, 
mineral resources and mineral reserves, which could function as a “core code and guidelines” for any country 
wishing to adopt its own CRIRSCO-style reporting standard. CRIRSCO has also promulgated a set of common 
definitions that have been adopted by each of its member organisations in their respective reporting codes, 
including the principal reporting codes noted above, and these definitions are also incorporated into reporting 
standards that have been adopted by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe.  
A mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of intrinsic economic interest in or on the earth’s 
crust, or deposit, in such a form, quality and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for eventual economic 
extraction. The location, quantity, grade, geological characteristics and continuity of a mineral resource are 
known, estimated or interpreted from specific geological evidence and knowledge. Mineral resources are 
subdivided, in order of increasing geological confidence, into inferred, indicated and measured categories. 
Portions of a deposit that do not have reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction are not included as 
mineral resources. 
An inferred mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which tonnage, grade and mineral content can 
be estimated with a low level of confidence. It is inferred from geological evidence and assumed but not verified 
geological and/or grade continuity, and based on information gathered through appropriate techniques from 
locations such as outcrops, trenches, pits, workings and drill holes which is limited or of uncertain quality and/or 
reliability. 
An indicated mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which tonnage, densities, shape, physical 
characteristics, grade and mineral content can be estimated with a reasonable level of confidence. It is based on 
exploration, sampling and testing information gathered through appropriate techniques from locations such as 
outcrops, trenches, pits, workings, and drill holes. The locations are too widely or inappropriately spaced to 
confirm geological continuity and/or grade continuity, but are spaced closely enough for continuity to be assumed. 
A measured mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which tonnage, densities, shape, physical 
characteristics, grade and mineral content can be estimated with a high level of confidence. It is based on detailed 
and reliable exploration, sampling and testing information gathered through appropriate techniques from locations 
such as outcrops, trenches, pits, workings, and drill holes. The locations are spaced closely enough to confirm 
geological and/or grade continuity. 
Ore reserves are the economically mineable parts of an indicated or measured mineral resource. Ore reserves take 
account of diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined. Appropriate 
assessments, which may include feasibility studies, have been carried out on the deposit and include consideration 
of and modification by realistically assumed mining, metallurgical, economic, marketing, legal, environmental, 
social and governmental factors. These assessments establish that at the time of reporting extraction is reasonably 
justified. A probable ore reserve is the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some circumstances, a 
measured mineral resource.

--- Page 110 ---
94 
 
BUSINESS 
Overview of the Group 
The Group is a vertically integrated steel and steel-related mining business with its major assets and production 
facilities located in Russia. The Group serves a broad base of domestic and international customers through its 
wide distribution network, which includes facilities in Latvia and Poland. The Group is almost completely self-
sufficient in key raw materials, which are supplied by Severstal Resources, the Group’s resources division, located 
in a strategically close proximity to the Group’s steel production plants. The Group’s vision is to become a leader 
in the global steel industry, maximise total shareholder return and be the first choice for customers, employees 
and partners.  
The Group has a diversified portfolio of steel products, with a strong presence in many industry sectors in both 
Russian and international markets and an emphasis on high value-added products. High value-added products 
represented 48 per cent. of the total volume of sales of steel products of the Group in 2020. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, the Group had a revenue of US$6,870 million, Adjusted EBITDA of US$2,422 million and 
Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.3 per cent. 
Severstal is well-positioned on the Russian market, with its domestic sales representing 61.6 per cent., 66.8 per 
cent. and 59.7 per cent. of the Group’s revenues for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, 
respectively. According to the Group’s estimates, based on the Worldsteel data and its operating results, in 2020, 
the Group held approximately 16 per cent. market share in Russia by production volume. The Group also serves 
its global customer base and the Group’s proximity to export markets provides the Group with flexibility to timely 
switch its focus from domestic to export markets depending on the global market dynamics and trends. 
According to the Group’s estimates based on information from public sources, the Group is currently one of most 
profitable companies in the global steel sector, with an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.3 per cent., 34.4 per cent. 
and 36.6 per cent. for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The Group’s operations comprise two divisions:  
 
Severstal Russian Steel division, which includes the Group’s core production asset, the 
Cherepovets Steel Mill, is a leading Russian steel producer. The Cherepovets Steel Mill is one of 
the lowest cost steel mills globally, according to the Group’s estimates based on information from 
public sources. It is located near the Group’s mining operations, the Baltic ports and Russia’s 
industrial centres. The division also includes other operational assets, such as JSC Severstal-Metiz, 
Izhora Pipe Mill and a network of downstream production companies. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, Severstal Russian Steel’s revenue accounted for 98.3 per cent. of the Group’s total 
revenues.  
 
Severstal Resources division produces a wide range of raw materials, including iron ore and 
concentrate, coking coal as well as iron ore pellets. Severstal Resources supplies Severstal Russian 
Steel division with iron ore and hard coking coal products, with the remainder of iron ore and coking 
coal products being sold to customers in Russia and abroad. In 2020, its overall production volumes 
of iron ore and coking coal were generally able to cover approximately 130 per cent. and 
approximately 80 per cent., respectively, of the overall demand of Severstal Russian Steel, without 
taking into account the chemical features of the particular iron ore mix. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, Severstal Resources’ revenue accounted for 1.7 per cent. of the Group’s total 
revenues. 
Competitive Strengths 
The Group believes that it has a number of key strengths that help to differentiate it from its competitors and have 
enabled it to achieve significant profitable growth. These key strengths are:  
Vertically Integrated Business with High Quality Production Assets and Self-Sufficiency in Key Resources 
The Group is a vertically integrated steel producer with production assets concentrated in Russia. Its facilities 
span the full production cycle from iron ore and coal mining operations to steel mills and rolled product plants as 
well as downstream production and distribution businesses. The Group’s mining operations, conducted by 
Severstal Resources, provide supplies of iron ore and coal products to its production facilities in Russia, which 
enables the Group to manage risks associated with exposure to raw material price fluctuations. According to the

--- Page 111 ---
95 
 
Group’s estimates, Severstal Resources is one of the largest producers of hard coking coal and iron ore pellets in 
Russia.  
In 2020, Severstal Resources’ overall production volumes of iron ore and coking coal were generally able to cover 
approximately 130 per cent. and approximately 80 per cent., respectively, of the overall demand of Severstal 
Russian Steel, without taking into account the chemical features of the particular iron ore mix. Severstal Russian 
Steel’s steel operations procured approximately 90 per cent. of its iron ore, concentrate and pellets, and 70 per 
cent. of its coal requirements from Severstal Resources in 2020 (as compared to 77 per cent. and 69 per cent. in 
2019 and 70 per cent. and 54 per cent. in 2018, respectively).  
The Group also covers the majority of its electricity requirements from internal sources and operates its own scrap 
collection and processing facilities. For more information on the Group’s raw materials and resources, see “—
Supply Chain—Raw Materials”.  
Global Cost Competitiveness 
Globally, Russia is one of the lowest cost regions for steel production in the world, and the Group occupies one 
of the most favourable positions on the global hot-rolled coil cost curve, according to World Steel Dynamics. 
With its largest production facilities located in northwest Russia, the Group benefits from relatively low-cost 
supplies of electricity and natural gas, as well as low transportation fees as a result of its proximity to major steel 
consuming markets in the central European part of Russia and the ports of the St. Petersburg region.  
In addition to these cost advantages, as one of the largest producers of steel in Russia, the Group benefits from 
economies of scale in both production and negotiation power with its suppliers, including third-party suppliers of 
raw materials. This cost competitiveness is particularly valuable in granting the Group’s flexibility to shift its sales 
focus between the Russian domestic market and the export market in a cost effective manner depending on relative 
demand for steel and mining products domestically and globally. Further, as the Group is to a substantial degree 
self-sufficient in the key raw materials essential for its operations (see “—Vertically Integrated Business with 
High Quality Production Assets and Self-Sufficiency in Key Resources”), the Group benefits from cost control 
measures, which it is able to implement. In recent years the Group has made significant investments into 
modernisation and efficiency programmes in order to improve productivity and achieve cost and operational 
efficiencies. As a result of these investments, the Group is well positioned to control operating costs. 
Strategically Well-Positioned to Serve Its Customers in Russia and Abroad 
The Group’s mining and steel production assets are located in Russia in a strategically close proximity to its key 
domestic customers. The Group believes that such positioning allows it to develop stronger relationships with its 
customers and better understand and meet their needs. At the same time, the Group takes advantage of its 
proximity to railways and river access through the Baltics, providing the Group with logistically favourable access 
to raw material sources and export markets to serve its global customer base. The Group believes that this allows 
it to leverage the geographical location of its assets and operations, providing it with flexibility to timely switch 
its focus from domestic to export markets depending on the global market dynamics and trends.  
Experienced Management Team, Strong Corporate Governance and High Quality Workforce 
The Group’s senior management team combines extensive steel and resources industry knowledge with 
international management and financial expertise, including valuable insight gained from the five independent 
non-executive directors on the board of directors. At an operational level, the Group has developed, and continues 
to refine, a management structure that is focused on improving accountability, clarifying responsibilities and 
streamlining information reporting and decision-making. Much attention is devoted to efficiently and effectively 
reporting and communicating the development of a business undertaking at all levels of the production process. 
Backed by international experience and advanced technical and business qualifications, the management team’s 
ability to successfully manage the performance of the Group’s assets is evidenced by the increased operating 
efficiency in recent years and cost reduction achievements across the divisions. 
In conducting its business, the Group is guided by international corporate governance standards and follows best 
corporate governance practices. The Group benefits from a culture of independence on its Board of Directors as 
a result of a diverse, multinational membership and the independence of half of its Board (according to UK 
standards of independence). In addition, the Group has established committees of its Board of Directors in 
accordance with the UK Combined Code on Corporate Governance and has implemented other measures aimed

--- Page 112 ---
96 
 
at promoting transparency and good corporate governance. As of February 2020, ISS Quality Score assessment 
of Severstal’s corporate governance was “1” (standing for the lowest risk).  
The Group has also benefited from its high-quality workforce and the positive relationship that it has with its 
employees and the community. The Group has developed an extensive system of training and educational 
development programmes to help its employees outperform their competitive peers. The Group’s management 
believes that the skill, professionalism and commitment of the Group’s workforce have been, and will continue to 
be, key to the implementation of the Group’s long-term development plan. 
Robust Liquidity and Sustainable Leverage 
The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on the Russian and global economy in 2020, making 
it a particularly challenging year in the steel industry with both steel demand and prices substantially impacted by 
the pandemic (see “Risk Factors—The global COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption caused by various 
countermeasures to reduce its spread, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations”). The resilience of the Group’s business model, coupled with operational 
excellence, ensured that it was able to maintain a solid financial performance and continue to deliver a strong 
Adjusted EBITDA Margin over 30 per cent. for the past 19 consecutive quarters. 
As a result of the Group’s resilient financial performance, the Group has a sustainable leverage (Net debt/ Adjusted 
EBITDA ratio was 0.8, 0.6 and 0.4 as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
respectively), well below the Group’s target of 1.5. The Group also had an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.3 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 (34.4 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 36.6 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2018) and a robust liquidity position of US$583 million in cash and cash 
equivalents and unused committed credit lines of US$1.1 billion as at 31 December 2020 (US$1.1 billion in cash 
and cash equivalents and unused committed credit lines of US$1.3 billion as at 31 December 2019, and US$228 
million in cash and cash equivalent and unused committed credit lines of US$1.2 billion as at 31 December 2018). 
Standard and Poor’s upgraded the Company’s credit rating to BBB- with stable outlook in September 2016. 
Moody’s upgraded the Company’s credit rating to Baa3 in January 2018 and to Baa2 in February 2019 with stable 
outlook. Fitch upgraded the Company’s credit rating to BBB with stable outlook in April 2019.  The Group 
believes that financial resilience provides a strong cushion against market volatility and it remains a top priority 
for the Group. 
Strategy 
The Group’s strategy is to further strengthen its financial performance, maximise value creation and enhance 
shareholder returns, whilst prioritising the safety of its employees and minimising its environmental impact. At 
every stage of the Group’s vertically integrated operations it aims to create competitive value, from the mining of 
raw materials through to the manufacture of high value-added products. The Group’s vision is to be the leader of 
the steel industry of the future and the first choice for its customers, employees and partners.  
As part of its overall strategy, the Group is focused on achieving certain targets and goals in respect of its financial 
performance and condition, including the following: 
 
maintaining each project’s internal rate of return above 20 per cent. thereby achieving “value 
creative” capital expenditures;  
 
maintaining a Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratio below 1.5x;  
 
maintaining high profitability (with an Adjusted EBITDA margin of more than 20 per cent. through 
the cycle) and achieving Adjusted EBITDA growth of 10-15 per cent. net of macro-economic 
factors; 
 
maintaining positive free cash flow throughout the cycle; and  
 
providing a dividend payout equivalent to 100 per cent. of free cash flow, provided that Net debt / 
Adjusted EBITDA ratio is below 1.0; if Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratio is below 0.5, dividend 
payout of above 100 per cent. of equivalent of free cash flow; and if Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA 
ratio is above 1.0, dividend payout to be not less than 50 per cent. of net income.

--- Page 113 ---
97 
 
To achieve its strategic objectives, the Group has identified and intends to focus on the following: 
Superior Client Experience  
The Group believes that providing its clients with best-in-class customer care will enable it to attract and retain 
customers in a volatile macro-economic environment and, thus, it continuously strives to adapt to its customers 
and their evolving demand and provide solutions that improve the efficiency of the clients' businesses. 
Realising downstream opportunities (see “—Organisational Structure”) allows the Group to increase the value 
of its products and services by focusing on the key steel-consuming industries and benefitting from closer 
positioning to end-customers. Furthermore, the Group aims to implement new market business models that 
involve identifying areas of opportunity across the entire value chain with a view to creating unique solutions in 
collaboration with its customers. 
Leadership in Cost Reduction 
The Group believes that cost competitiveness is a vital element of its success, see “—Competitive Strengths—
Global Cost Competitiveness”. Accordingly, the Group plans to continue pursuing its strategy of lower-cost steel 
production, in comparison with global cost levels in steel. Severstal has implemented an efficient vertically 
integrated structure and is largely self-sufficient in primary steel-related raw materials, which enables it to increase 
efficiencies and reduce production costs, see “—Competitive Strengths—Vertically Integrated Business with High 
Quality Production Assets and Self-Sufficiency in Key Resources”.  
Severstal has a strong track record of delivering operational improvements that have enabled it to become one of 
the lowest cost steel producers in the world, according to World Steel Dynamics. In the period of 2018-2020, the 
Group introduced several cost-savings solutions and efficiency measures, including for example, the launch of its 
cost-effective blast furnace #3, the launch of coke battery #11 using coal charge to increase coke production, 
investments aimed to increase mining operations volumes and other continuous improvement programmes aimed 
at increasing business and energy effectiveness. 
With the aim of enhancing its operational, technological and business efficiency, the Group invests, and plans to 
continue investing, in the construction and modernisation of existing production and mining facilities and the 
development of its supply chain system. The Group believes that such investments will enable it to maintain and 
increase its cost advantage over its competitors. The Group endeavours to successfully implement advanced 
technologies in the key areas of its business and operations and has already introduced a number of improvement 
programmes and expanded its existing “Severstal Business System” (Severstal Business System), which is the 
Group’s internal system established in 2010 and responsible for safety, customer care, people engagement and 
continuous operational improvements, to cover new areas of operation. 
New Capabilities 
The Group is continuously evaluating new opportunities by looking beyond its traditional business to ensure that 
the Group remains innovative and at the forefront of the industry. The Group’s strategy includes consideration of 
potential acquisitions, of companies and assets, investments and participation in beneficial partnerships 
complementary to the Group’s production process. However, the Group’s strategy prioritises the further 
improvement of the Group’s business. 
Furthermore, the Group endeavours to maintain its operational leadership by actively identifying new early-stage 
opportunities and developing technological solutions that will add further value to its business model. The creation 
of Severstal Ventures, the Group’ venture capital division, in 2018 was a significant milestone in the 
implementation of the Group’s strategy. Severstal Ventures invests in venture capital funds with the aim of gaining 
access to a unique range of technological and business projects, focusing on technologies that are ready for rapid 
implementation in the steel making industry. Severstal Ventures supports the venture projects that it has invested 
in, providing them with access to the Group’s in-house expertise, facilities for trialling pilot products and funding. 
As such, Severstal Ventures enables the Group to benefit directly from early access to new technologies, which 
should contribute to further cost efficiencies and the development of unique products. The Group’s management 
believes that this is the first institutionalised venture investment initiative of its kind in the steel industry globally.  
Continue the Well-Established Strong Corporate Culture 
The Group aims to maintain a corporate culture that unites its talented and ambitious workforce. The Group 
believes that maintaining and further developing a strong corporate culture will enable it to accomplish its strategic

--- Page 114 ---
98 
 
objectives, without compromising the core values of quality, collaboration and innovation. The Group endeavours 
to maintain and advance its corporate culture by focusing on creating an environment in which employees are 
fully engaged to achieve the best results and are incentivised to work as a team towards minimising environmental 
impact and creating a sustainable business. 
The Group annually conducts a large-scale anonymous social survey, Severstal Pulse, to understand the level of 
employee satisfaction and their engagement with the Group’s strategy. The Group aims to stay cognisant of the 
most important issues affecting its workforce and take necessary steps to address any potential issues. These 
material matters are supervised and regularly discussed by the Board of Directors, with an active involvement 
from the Health, Safety and Environment Committee, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee. 
Sustainable Development  
The Group believes that consideration for social and environmental aspects of its operations, including 
improvements to the Group’s environmental performance and focus on safety and corporate governance, are 
fundamental for the Group’s long-term development and competitive advantage. The most material sustainability 
issues for the Group include health and safety, atmospheric emissions, climate change as well as workforce culture 
and morale. The Group has set goals on reduction of lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) by 50 per cent. and 
elimination of employee work-related fatalities by 2025, as well as goals on atmospheric emissions reduction, 
water discharge, waste, and greenhouse gas emissions reduction (for a more detailed description, see “—Health 
and Safety” and “—Environmental Initiatives”). 
History and Development of the Group 
The Group’s predecessor, Cherepovets Metallurgical Works, produced its first cast iron in 1955. Cherepovets 
Metallurgical Works was state-owned until it was privatised in 1993 in accordance with the State Programme for 
the Privatisation of State and Municipal Enterprises in the Russian Federation. Since 1993, the Group has 
expanded its corporate vision by entering a number of different businesses, including companies engaged in the 
mining of iron ore and coal, the procurement of scrap, pipe manufacturing, metalware production, serving the 
needs of the Russian automotive, construction, shipbuilding, oil and gas, engineering and other industries, as well 
as the international market. 
In 1995, the Groups shares were listed on the RTS and, in 2006, the Group conducted its initial public offering on 
the LSE. In 2008, the Group had undergone an important internal reorganization with consolidation of its major 
mining assets under Severstal Resources division. In 2015, following a change in the Group’s management 
structure, the Group transferred some of its entities from the Severstal Resources segment to the Severstal Russian 
Steel segment. 
Organisational Structure 
In 2019, the Group’s organisational structure underwent change to support its strategic objectives, pursuant to 
which the Group’s production and sales divisions are divided into upstream and downstream supply chains. 
The upstream supply chain includes all of the Group’s raw materials assets (Vorkutaugol, Karelsky Okatysh, 
Yakovlevskiy Mine, Olcon and Vtorchermet), coke-sintering and blast-furnace production and steel production 
(including liquid steel).   
The downstream chain includes the production of flat rolled products, long products, pipes and tubes, Metiz-
products and as well as distribution. Downstream is divided into three key areas, representing the Group’s primary 
customer segments: “Energy”, “Construction” and “Mechanical Engineering” with dedicated industry teams for 
each of those areas. These industry teams consist of industrial, commercial and technology experts who directly 
interact with the Group’s customers, which enables the Group to maintain efficient communication and fast 
decision-making processes. Experts from the Group’s technical development and quality department centres work 
alongside the industry teams to ensure that customer initiatives are implemented directly into the production 
process.

--- Page 115 ---
99 
 
 
 
The Group’s Divisions 
The Group is comprised of two divisions: Severstal Russian Steel and Severstal Resources. 
Severstal Russian Steel  
Severstal Russian Steel division focuses on: (i) steel production, which occurs primarily at the Cherepovets Steel 
Mill, including a number of its workshops, and pipes production, which is carried out at the Izhora Pipe Mill; (ii) 
scrap processing, which takes place in Severstal Russian Steel’s facilities including Severstal-Vtorchermet and 
(iii) trading and services, which comprises Severstal Russian Steel’s distribution network that supplies steel 
products to customers from Russia and internationally (for more information on the distribution channels, see “—
Distribution”). 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, Severstal Russian Steel’s revenue was US$6,845 million (before 
accounting for intersegment transactions) and its Adjusted EBITDA was US$1,528 million (before accounting 
for intersegment transactions).  
Severstal Russian Steel’s Key Assets  
The division’s key assets consist of: 
Cherepovets Steel Mill is Severstal’s flagship mill located in Cherepovets, northwest Russia, which gives it 
strategic proximity to railways and river access through the Baltics, providing the Group with logistically 
favourable access to raw material sources and customers. The mill produces a wide range of flat and long-rolled 
products, including hot and cold-rolled flat products, galvanised and colour-coated products and long-steel 
applications. According to the Group’s estimates based on information from public sources, Cherepovets Steel 
Mill is one of the lowest-cost steel mills in the world and is one of the world’s largest stand-alone integrated steel 
works by capacity.

--- Page 116 ---
100 
 
For example, the Group’s slab cash costs amounted to approximately US$181 per tonne in 2020, compared with 
approximately US$217 per tonne in 2019 and US$234 per tonne in 2018. The slab cash costs can be impacted by 
a varierty of factors, including, but not limited to, exchange rate movements, the progress of seasonal repair works 
and fluctuations of the stock of finished products. 
Izhora Pipe Mill is a mill in Kolpino, northwest Russia, which specialises in manufacturing large diameter pipes 
from plate produced at the nearby Kolpino Rolling Mill 5000 (SMZ-Kolpino Mill). It has a total production 
capacity of 600,000 tonnes of pipes per year, most of which is used in oil and gas pipeline projects.  
JSC Severstal-Metiz comprises several subsidiaries: the Cherepovets site in northwest Russia, the Orel site in 
central Russia and the Volgograd site in the Povolzhie region. Severstal-Metiz is a manufacturer of more than 
100,000 product types, including cold-drawn steel, steel shapes, railway fasteners, low carbon and high carbon 
wire, nails, steel fibre, steel wire ropes, wire strands, steel meshes and fasteners.  
Downstream production comprises a bundle of assets, including: 
 
AO Severstal Distribution, which comprises a network of more than 30 warehouses, located in 
Russia and 12 European Union countries. Severstal Distribution offers steel processing and 
distribution services (see also “—Sales and Distribution”).  
 
Several joint ventures, including (i) Severstal-Gonvarri-Kaluga Service Centre, which is a Russian-
Spanish joint venture that provides a wide range of longitudinal and transverse cutting services with 
designed capacity of 170 million tonnes of rolled metal products per year, (ii) Gestamp-Severstal-
Kaluga Stamping Facility, which is a joint venture that produces a full range of rolled steel products 
for international car manufacturers and that has an annual output of 13 million stamped parts and 
potential to expand production, and (iii) Severstal-SMC-Vsevolozhsk Services Centre, which is a 
joint venture focusing on providing services of longitudinal and transverse cutting of rolled metal 
and blanking for further stamping.  
Crude Steel Production and Products 
Crude steel production: The table below sets the estimated aggregate production of crude steel in Russia in 2020, 
2019 and 2018.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
Period 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Estimated aggregate production of crude steel in Russia(1), (million tonnes) .......................  
71.6  
71.9 
71.7  
Severstal Russian Steel’s estimated share of production in Russia, (per cent.) ....................  
15.8 
16.4 
16.8 
 
Source:  
(1) 
Worldsteel. 
Products: 
 
Semi-finished products. Semi-finished products are intermediary products from the production 
process and represent generic steel products that have not yet been rolled for a specific application.  
 
Finished steel products. Most of Severstal Russian Steel’s crude steel production is further processed 
into finished steel products, which include flat and long products. Flat products include hot-rolled 
and cold-rolled sheet, plates and coils. Long products include hot-rolled sections, rebar and wire rod.  
The Group’s high value-added products comprise hot-rolled plates, large diameter pipes, cold-rolled 
sheet, metalware products, galvanised and other metallic coated sheet and metallic coated coil, 
colour coated sheet and other tubes and pipes and formed shapes. 
The following table sets out Severstal Russian Steel’s output volumes by product (including intersegment sales) 
in 2020, 2019 and 2018.  
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(thousand tonnes) 
Output volumes

--- Page 117 ---
101 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(thousand tonnes) 
Crude steel ..................................................... 
11,314 
11,847 
12,039 
Sales volumes by products .................................. 
Semi-finished products ....................................... 
602 
486 
695 
Rolled products .................................................... 
8,404 
8,977 
8,760 
Hot-rolled coil ............................................... 
4,442 
4,382 
3,896 
Hot-rolled plate ............................................. 
925 
957 
852 
Cold-rolled coil ............................................. 
918 
977 
1,286 
Galvanised and metallic coated coil .............. 
939 
934 
835 
Long products ................................................ 
709 
1,279 
1,500 
Colour coated coil ......................................... 
471 
448 
391 
Downstream products ......................................... 
1,775 
1,738 
1,765 
Metalware products ....................................... 
590 
566 
562 
Large diameter pipes ..................................... 
188 
383 
440 
Other tubes, pipes, formed shapes ................. 
997 
789 
763 
Total steel products ............................................. 
10,781 
11,201 
11,220 
 
Sales and Distribution 
Sales – Geographic  
Severstal Russian Steel sells its products in both Russian domestic and export markets. The Group’s sales by 
region consist of Russia (62 per cent. in 2020 and 67 per cent. in 2019), Europe (26 per cent. in 2020 and 22 per 
cent. in 2019), the CIS (7 per cent. in 2020 and 6 per cent. in 2019), the Middle East (2 per cent. in 2020 and 2 
per cent. in 2019), Asia (1 per cent. in 2020 and less than 1 per cent. in 2019) and the rest of the world (2 per cent. 
in 2020 and 3 per cent. in 2019).  
Severstal Russian Steel views the Russian domestic market as strategically important as it has certain advantages, 
including lower transportation costs for delivery of products and the ability to develop long-term strategic alliances 
with customers. The Group has implemented a long-term programme designed to broaden its customer base and 
develop its relationship with various key customers in Russia. In export markets, Severstal Russian Steel aims to 
sell products predominantly on a spot-market basis.  
Sales – Customers 
Severstal Russian Steel’s sales by industry comprise construction (57 per cent. in 2020 and 57 per cent. in 2019), 
machinery and automotive (11 per cent. in 2020 and 10 per cent. in 2019), energy (6 per cent. in 2020 and 9 per 
cent. in 2019) and other industries (26 per cent. in 2020 and 24 per cent. in 2019).  
Severstal Russian Steel recognised the importance of the construction and construction materials sectors, which 
include a number of important customers located in the European part of Russia. Severstal Russian Steel’s largest 
customers are in the oil and gas, pipemaking, machinery and automotive sectors. A major part of Severstal Russian 
Steel’s domestic sales are made by the Cherepovets Steel Mill, either directly to end users or to trading and 
distribution companies see also “—Distribution”.  
Distribution 
Typically Severstal Russian Steel sells its products domestically to regional and national distributors, directly to 
end-users, and through AO Severstal Distribution, which has a wide network of metal service and processing 
centres throughout Russia. The sales volume of this distribution network typically exceeds 2.5 million tonnes of 
steel products a year. 
In addition, Severstal Russian Steel supplies its steel products to customers abroad, including the Republic of 
Belarus and European countries, such as Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Sweden, Poland, Czech 
Republic and Slovak Republic. Severstal Russian Steel conducts its export sales principally through its 
subsidiaries Severstal Export GmbH, SIA Severstal Distribution and ZAO Severstal Distribution. The Group 
believes that this system has enabled Severstal Russian Steel to increase the efficiency of its export operations by 
minimising its reliance on intermediaries in the sales process, thereby reducing its distribution costs.

--- Page 118 ---
102 
 
Development of its own distribution network is an important element of Severstal Russian Steel’s strategy, and it 
enables consumers of the Group’s products to use unique service capabilities provided by the Group.  
Strategic Priorities for 2021 and Beyond – Severstal Russian Steel 
The division’s strategic priorities for 2021 and beyond include, among others:  
 
launch of the second block of coke battery #11 with the capacity of 700,000 tonnes per year, which 
would allow increased coke volume production for larger hot metal output and, consequently steel; 
 
launch of the flexible steelmaking unit that is intended to work flexibly, combining the properties of 
a shaft furnace with those of a small converter. This initiative is intended to reduce the costs of 
producing electrical steel products and, in addition, enable to regulate the technical process behind 
the steel smelting, and adapt flexibly to the commodity market; and 
 
launch of a long-range wire mill 170. With construction of this unit, the Group believes it moves 
closer to its strategic goal of diversification of its product portfolio in the rolled steel segment, and 
increasing the share of complex and unique products. 
Severstal Resources  
Severstal Resources produces a wide range of raw materials, such as iron ore and iron ore concentrate, coking 
coal of different (including premium) grades, and iron ore pellets, including direct reduced iron (DRI) pellets. 
This division supplies iron ore products and hard coking coal to Severstal Russian Steel. In 2020, Severstal 
Russian Steel’s steel operations procured approximately 90 per cent. of its iron ore, concentrate and pellets, and 
70 per cent. of its coal requirements from Severstal Resources (as compared to 77 per cent. and 69 per cent. in 
2019 and 70 per cent. and 54 per cent. in 2018, respectively).  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, Severstal Resources’ revenue was US$1,825 million (before accounting 
for intersegment transactions) and its Adjusted EBITDA was US$958 million (before accounting for intersegment 
transactions).  
Severstal Resources’ Key Assets  
The division’s key assets consist of:  
JSC Karelsky Okatysh is an iron ore mining complex, located in Karelia, northwestern Russia. The mining 
complex focuses on mining from its two major deposits, Kostomukshskoye and Korpangaskoye, and production 
of high-quality iron ore pellets with an iron concentration of up to 66.5 per cent. Cash cost of iron ore pellets (not 
taking into account the capitalisation of stripping costs) at Karelsky Okatysh was approximately US$24 per tonne, 
US$25 per tonne and US$ 32.7 per tonne in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  
JSC Olcon is an iron ore complex, located in the Murmansk region, is one of Russia’s most northerly iron ore 
complexes. Olcon mining focuses on magnetite-hematite quartzite ores from five open pits and Olenegorsk 
underground mine and produces high-quality iron ore concentrate (of approximately 69 per cent.) and crushed 
stones. The cash cost of iron ore concentrate (not taking into account the capitalisation of stripping costs) at Olcon 
was approximately US$24 per tonne, US$28 per tonne and US$32.7 per tonne in 2020, 2019 and 2018, 
respectively. 
JSC Vorkutaugol is a coal mining complex, located in the Komi Republic (near Vorkuta), northeast European 
Russia. Vorkutaugol specialises in mining of coking and steam coal and, according to the Group’s estimates based 
on information from public sources, is one of Russia’s largest producers of hard coking coal. The mining complex 
consists of four underground mines, one open-pit mine and two washing plants, a mechanical plant, maintenance 
and transport facilities. The cash cost of hard coking coal (2Zh grade) concentrate amounted to approximately 
US$65, US$67 and US$79 per tonne in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
OOO Korpanga (Yakovlevskiy Mine) is an iron ore mine, located near Belgorod, southwest Russia. According to 
the Group’s estimates, the mine’s resources are unique in iron content, the concentration of which reaches an 
estimated 60 per cent. or more. The iron ore production in 2020 at Yakovlevskiy Mine amounted to 1.8 million 
tonnes. The Group is in the process of implementing a phased production increase programme at Yakovlevskiy 
Mine, which is expected to continue until 2023. Under this programme, the Group plans to increase the ore 
production at this mine, up to nine million tonnes per annum.

--- Page 119 ---
103 
 
Reserves and Resources 
At expected rates of operation, the Group estimates that Severstal Resources’ coal and audited (see “Presentation 
of financial and other information—Mining reserves”) reserves and resources of iron ore are sufficient for at least 
twenty years of iron ore and coking coal production. The table below summarizes the Group’s reserves and 
resources estimation. Estimates for the Karelsky Okatysh, Olcon and Yakovlevskiy Mine assets are based on the 
reports issued by IMC Montan dated February 2013, IMC dated June 2006 and IMC Montan dated September 
2008, which were prepared in accordance the JORC reporting standards. Reserves estimates for Vorkutaugol are 
based on the reports prepared by the Group in 2016 in accordance with the Russian Classification. Reserves and 
resource estimates for the Putu Range have been developed under the guidelines of Samrec code. The report for 
the Putu Range Project has been prepared by SRK Consulting (see also “Industry—Mining Industry—
International Reporting Methodologies”). 
Estimated Reserves and Resources—Severstal Resources(1) 
 
Reserves 
Resources 
Resources 
extension(6) 
Iron Ore 
 
 
 
Karelsky Okatysh(2)(3)(4) ................................................................................... 
202.9 
795.9 
51.8 
Olcon(4)(7) ......................................................................................................... 
149.4 
539.4 
95.1 
Yakovlevskiy Mine(4)(9) ................................................................................... 
62.9 
213.16 
— 
Putu(5) .............................................................................................................. 
— 
4,690.0 
— 
Total ............................................................................................................... 
415.2 
6,238.5 
146.9 
Coal 
 
 
 
Vorkutaugol(2)(3)(4)(8)(6) ..................................................................................... 
119.0 
— 
— 
Tsentralny (Tyva)(6) ......................................................................................... 
— 
— 
807.8 
Usinskoye-1(6) ................................................................................................. 
— 
— 
537.3 
Total ............................................................................................................... 
119.0 
— 
1,345.1 
 
Source: (see Notes). 
Notes: 
(1) 
All numbers for iron ore and coal are presented in millions of tonnes as at 31 December 2020.   
(2) 
Proved and Probable reserves based on a report issued by IMC dated June 2006, prepared in accordance with JORC reporting 
standards. 
(3) 
Measured and Indicated resources, based on a report issued by IMC dated June 2006, prepared in accordance with JORC reporting 
standards. 
(4) 
Audited reserves, adjusted on actual production since the date of reporting, as at 31 December 2020. 
(5) 
Inferred and Indicated and Measured Resources based on a report issued by SRK Consulting issued in September 2012. 
(6) 
Resources based on the Russian Classification and legislation: A, B, C1, C2 and P1 categories within current state licences, coal in 
situ.  
(7) 
Resources and Reserves audited in 2013 by IMC Montan according to JORC reporting standards. 
(8) 
Coal reserves for Vorkutaugol are provided according to an estimate based on the Russian Classification, ROM. 
(9) 
Resources and reserves audited in 2008 by IMC Montan according to JORC reporting standards. 
Products and Sales 
Severstal Resources sells its products internally within the Group as well as to the international and Russian 
domestic markets. Severstal Resources sales predominantly are dominated by iron ore pellets and coking coal 
concentrate, which in 2020 accounted for 53.8 per cent. and 17.2 per cent. of Severstal Resources’ revenue (before 
accounting for intersegment transactions), respectively. 
The following table sets out Severstal Resources’ sales volumes and revenues by product (including intersegment 
sales) for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018.  
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(thousand 
tonnes) 
(US$ 
million) 
(thousand 
tonnes) 
(US$ 
million) 
(thousand 
tonnes) 
(US$ 
million) 
Coking coal concentrate ..................... 
4,702 
313 
4,671 
482 
3,374 
421 
Iron ore pellets.................................... 
10,942 
982 
11,002 
1,129 
10,997 
989 
Iron ore concentrate ............................ 
7,068 
468 
6,255 
477 
5,510 
325 
 
Strategic Priorities for 2021 and Beyond – Severstal Resources 
The division’s strategic priorities for 2021 and beyond include, among others:

--- Page 120 ---
104 
 
 
further investments in production optimisation, safety, and environmental initiatives. The Group’s 
main goals of Karelsky Okatysh for 2021 are to reduce costs, increase volumes and further improve 
product quality. The Group is also considering projects to build a dry magnetic separation complex 
at a crushing and dressing plant and a project to reconstruct a plant to make it possible to accept ore 
and concentrate from other enterprises. In Olcon, the Group plans to launch a project to develop a 
technogenic deposit of an emergency settling sump. This is expected to enable an increase in 
concentrate production by 166,000 tonnes per year. Yakovlevskiy Mine plans to increase production 
to 5 million tonnes per year by 2023. 
 
investment programme in an estimated amount of approximately 7.7 billion Roubles at Vorkutaugol 
in 2021. The Group expects the largest projects here to be the production development and industrial 
safety. 
Supply Chain 
Raw Materials 
The main raw materials used by the Group include coal, iron ore products and pellets, oil products, liquid 
explosives, and metallic raw materials. Purchases of all raw materials are fully centralised and typically carried 
out under long-term contracts, including ones with credit terms and long-term pricing agreements.  
Severstal Russian Steel’s operations with respect to iron ore are fully self-sufficient. Severstal Resources’ overall 
production volumes of iron ore in 2020 were able to cover approximately 130 per cent. of the overall demand of 
Severstal Russian Steel, without taking into account the chemical features of the particular iron ore mix required. 
With respect to coal, in 2020 Severstal Resources’ capacities were able to satisfy approximately 80 per cent. of 
Severstal Russian Steel’s demand for coking coal.  
Severstal Russian Steel sources a portion of its iron ore and coking coal from third-party suppliers for a number 
of reasons, including when it may be necessary or economically viable to cover the Group’s requirements for iron 
ore and coking with specific chemical features, to take advantage of favourable prices, as well as in cases of 
disruptions in Severstal Resources’ mining operations.  
In 2020, Severstal Russian Steel’s steel operations procured approximately 90 per cent. of its iron ore, concentrate 
and pellets, and 70 per cent. of its coal requirements from Severstal Resources (as compared to 77 per cent. and 
69 per cent. in 2019 and 70 per cent. and 54 per cent. in 2018, respectively), purchasing its remaining requirements 
from third-party sources. 
Iron ore and pellets. The smelting process at Severstal Russian Steel’s blast furnace facilities requires up to 40 per 
cent. of the feedstock to be in the form of iron ore pellets, all of which are sourced from Severstal Resources. All 
of Severstal Russian Steel’s contracts with its iron ore suppliers, including those with Severstal Resources, are 
concluded on an arm’s length basis, with some providing for price adjustments depending on the quality of the 
concentrate.  
Coal. Severstal Russian Steel meets most of its coke supply requirements from its own coke batteries. The Group’s 
main supplier of coking coal from which the coke is made is Vorkutaugol.  
Scrap. Severstal Russian Steel is a significant consumer of scrap in Russia. The scrap is purchased on the market 
by the Company’s subsidiary – Severstal-Vtorchermet. In addition, the Group uses a significant amount of internal 
scrap (production waste and dormant scrap).  
Other raw materials. Severstal Russian Steel sources limestone from its open-pit limestone mines located in the 
northern part of the Vologda region in Russia, approximately 250 kilometres from Cherepovets. 
In addition, a wide range of ferro alloys is also used in the steelmaking process. Severstal Russian Steel imports 
certain raw materials, such as ferro alloys and refractory materials, from Norway, France, Austria, China, Ukraine, 
Germany and Brazil. Contracts are typically for a term of one year, with prices being fixed on a quarterly basis or 
adjusted monthly by reference to market rates.  
Energy  
The steelmaking process which the Group operates requires significant amounts of electricity and fuel gases to 
power the blast furnaces, steel melting and rolling facilities. The largest power generation units for the Group’s

--- Page 121 ---
105 
 
operations are TPP-SS (Thermal Power Plant & Steam Blowing Station) and TPP-PS-2 (Thermal Power Plant & 
Power Blowing Station). In 2020, these units generated 80.9 per cent. of all the power required by Cherepovets 
Steel Mill.  
Environmental Initiatives and Sustainable Development  
The Group focuses on reduction of its environmental footprint. In 2020, the Group continued implementing 
activities included in the framework of the National Ecology Project, launched by the Russian Government in 
2019, and its federal Clean Air initiative, which is aimed at, among others, the reduction by at least 20 per cent. 
of the total volume of pollutant emissions into the air in the most polluted cities in Russia. 
In 2020, the Group revised and upgraded its total atmospheric emissions reduction targets for 2025. Following 
the Group’s decision to fit new gas cleaning equipment at the Cherepovets Steel Mill’s sinter processing plant, 
the Group now expects to reduce its total atmospheric emissions by 13 per cent. against 2017 levels (514,400 
tonnes), compared with the previously announced target of 7 per cent.  
In 2020, the Group also completed two large investment projects that are expected to positively impact its 
environmental performance: (i) the launch of coke battery #11, which uses a coal charge ramming technology, 
and (ii) the reconstruction of blast furnace #3, which relies on new technologies in aspiration and gas purification 
system, but also uses up-to-date technological solutions in its design, in line with the best available techniques.  
In July 2020, the Group adopted its first biodiversity standard, aimed at managing the risks of possible changes to 
biodiversity resulting from the Group’s operational activities. In 2020, two Severstal enterprises (Vorkutaugol and 
Severstal Metiz) were certified in accordance with ISO 14001: 2015 for the first time. Along with the other five 
of the Group’s enterprises retaining the certification, ISO 14001: 2015 now covers over 75 per cent. of the Group’s 
personnel. In 2020, the atmospheric emissions of pollutants decreased at Severstal Russian Steel by 7 per cent. to 
257,700 tonnes and at Severstal Resources by 9 per cent. to 193,300 tonnes.  
The Group is committed to ensuring transparency and action in relation to climate-related risks and opportunities. 
To that end, the Group supports the voluntary recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures. As part of this commitment, the Group’s Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 
have been calculated for the first time in 2020, and all 15 categories listed in the greenhouse gas protocol were 
considered and material categories were assessed. In 2020, the Group set a target of a 3 per cent. reduction in 
carbon emissions intensity by 2023 compared to the 2020 levels. This three-year target is based on the Group’s 
in-depth assessment of where in its operations it can make improvements that will reduce emissions. 
In 2020, the Group’s ESG progress has been recognised by a number of ESG ratings agencies. The Group’s MSCI 
ESG rating was upgraded to ‘B’. In 2020, the Group also improved its performance in the SAM Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment, being upgraded to 15th place in the global ESG rankings of steel-producing companies 
in the SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment (SAM). SAM (now a part of S&P Global - formerly 
RobecoSAM), one of the most highly-regarded international ESG rating agencies, raised the Group’s rating by 7 
points, from 41 to 48 (out of 100), reflecting the steady improvements in the Group’s sustainability practices and 
disclosure, most significantly in the “Environment” category. The Group’s FTSE4Good Index score also 
improved to 3.5 points out of a possible 5 and its Sustainalytics Risk Rating was improved to the level of 34.7, 
placing the Group to the 14th place out of 140 in the steel industry. 
Employees 
The following table sets out the average number of the Group’s employees (full-time equivalents) by division in 
2018, 2019 and 2020:  
Business division 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Severstal Russian Steel ..............................................................................  
36,257 
36,722 
38,046 
Severstal Resources ...................................................................................  
13,410 
13,957 
14,175 
Total ..........................................................................................................  
49,667 
50,679 
52,221 
Currently, 98 per cent. of the Group’s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. A new 
collective bargaining agreement concluded between the Group and the Mining and Metallurgical Trade Union in 
2020. Since 1996, Severstal Russian Steel has experienced no material labour disputes, strikes or employee legal 
actions.

--- Page 122 ---
106 
 
Insurance  
The Group’s operations are subject to numerous operating risks, including environmental hazards, industrial 
accidents, unusual or unexpected geological conditions, labour force disruptions, unavailability of materials and 
equipment, weather conditions, flooding, seismic activity, interruptions to power supplies and industrial and other 
accidents at mills, mines, processing plants or related facilities.  
The Group’s divisions maintain a level of insurance commensurate with the standards of other leading steel 
companies in the markets in which it operates. Severstal Russian Steel insures its property, plant and equipment 
and has business interruption insurance coverage ranging from fixed costs to full gross profits, depending on the 
plant, for interruption periods of up to 12 months. Severstal Russian Steel does not purchase full insurance for 
third-party liability in respect of property or environmental damage. Third-party insurance services are provided 
to Severstal Russian Steel by first-rate Russian insurers, including SOGAZ Insurance Company. All risks covered 
by the majority of policies issued by SOGAZ are reinsured, with approximately 60 per cent. reinsured in the 
international market and the remainder with domestic insurers. 
Severstal Resources insures its property, plant and equipment of Karelsky Okatysh and Olcon at cost of  
replacement, but does not insure against interruption. Insurance coverage in respect of property, plant and 
equipment at the coal mines is provided on a limited basis. Procedures are being put in place to ensure insurance 
coverage for all newly built major facilities. All employees are insured against accidents that occur within the 
workplace. 
Legal Proceedings  
Each of the Group’s business divisions has been and continues to be the subject of legal proceedings and 
adjudications from time to time, which are incidental to the Group’s business. Save as disclosed below, the Group 
is not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Group is aware) during the last 12 months, which may have, or had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group made a final settlement payment of EUR14 million (US$16 
million) in respect of the legal claim related to the Group’s disposed subsidiary (Lucchini) in 2011 cancelling it 
in full. See Note 27 of the Financial Statements on pages F-41 for further information. 
Health and Safety  
In 2020, the Cherepovets Steel Mill, Severstal Metiz, Vorkutaugol, Karelsky Okatysh, Olcon, Yakovlevskiy Mine 
and Severstal Distribution (Latvia) successfully achieved certification of compliance with the ISO 45001 
international standard for occupational health and safety, together accounting for approximately 79 per cent. of 
Severstal employees. Izhora Pipe Mill, Severstal Vtorchermet and Severstal Distribution (Cherepovets) are 
scheduled for the ISO 45001 certification in 2021.  
In 2020, the Group’s LTIFR was 0.65, which was a slight increase in comparison with 0.63 in 2019, which was 
restated to correct an error from the previously published 0.61. The Group had four employee fatalities in 2020, 
most of which occurred at the Group's large construction projects. In order to achieve its goal of zero fatalities, 
the Group has made significant changes in its safety department, including personnel changes and obtaining 
certification for its key assets under ISO 45001 regulations. The Group has also launched its “Management of 
Fatal Risks” project, which was aimed at identifying fatal risks and stopping their occurrence. In 2021, the Group 
plans to continue its initiatives and introduce a number of new initiatives and measures to achieve its goals on 
workplace safety.

--- Page 123 ---
107 
 
MANAGEMENT 
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  
The annual general meeting of shareholders is the Company’s highest governing body and has exclusive powers 
to take certain decisions by a vote of the shares represented at the meeting. The powers of the Company’s 
shareholders, acting through the general meeting of shareholders, are derived from, and their scope is limited to, 
the powers set out in the Federal Law No. 208-FZ “On Joint Stock Companies” dated 26 December 1995, as 
amended (Federal Law on Joint Stock Companies), and the Company’s charter effective as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus (Charter). Voting at a general meeting of shareholders is generally based on the principle of one 
vote per ordinary share, with the exception of the election of the Board of Directors, which must be done through 
cumulative voting.  
The competence of the general meeting of shareholders includes: 
 
the introduction of amendments into the Company’s Charter or the approval of a new version of the 
Company’s Charter; 
 
the reorganisation of the Company; 
 
the liquidation of the Company, appointment of the liquidation commission and approval of 
intermediate and final liquidation balance sheets; 
 
the determination of the number of members of the Company’s Board of Directors, election of 
members of the Board of Directors and early termination of their powers; 
 
the determination of quantity, face value, category (type) of the declared shares and the rights given 
by these shares; 
 
the increase of the charter capital of the Company by increasing the face value of shares or by placing 
additional shares; 
 
the reduction of the charter capital of the Company by reducing the face value of shares, the 
repurchase by the Company of a portion of shares with a view of reducing their total number, or the 
redemption of the shares acquired or repurchased by the Company; 
 
the formation of the Company’s executive body and early termination of its powers; 
 
the approval of the Company’s independent auditor; 
 
the payment (declaration) of dividends for the results of the first quarter, half year and nine months 
of the reporting year; 
 
the distribution of profits, including the payment (declaration) of dividends with the exception of the 
payment (declaration) of dividends for the results of the first quarter, half year and nine months of 
the reporting year and distribution of the Company’s loss at the end of the reporting year; 
 
determination of the proceedings of the general meetings of shareholders; 
 
the splitting and consolidation of the Company’s shares; 
 
the granting of a consent on entering into, or the subsequent approval of, transactions in the cases 
stipulated by article 83 of the Federal Law on Joint Stock Companies; 
 
the granting of a consent on entering into, or the subsequent approval of, major transactions in the 
cases stipulated by article 79 of the Federal Law on Joint Stock Companies; 
 
acquisition by the Company of placed shares due to the reduction of the charter capital of the 
Company; 
 
the decision whether or not to participate in financial and industrial groups, associations and other 
groupings of commercial entities;

--- Page 124 ---
108 
 
 
the approval of internal documents which regulate the operations of the Company’s bodies;  
 
the decision whether or not to submit an application for the delisting of the Company’s shares and/or 
the Company’s issuable securities which are convertible into shares; and 
 
decisions on other matters stipulated by the Federal Law on Joint Stock Companies and the Charter. 
The matters referred to the competence of the general meeting of shareholders cannot be resolved by the 
Company’s executive body or the Company’s Board of Directors, except for the matters stipulated by the Federal 
Law on Joint Stock Companies.  
Ordinarily, a majority vote of the voting shares present at a general meeting of shareholders is required for a 
decision of the general meeting of shareholders to be valid, unless otherwise provided by applicable law. However, 
a three quarter majority vote of the voting shares present at a general meeting of shareholders is required to 
approve certain decisions. 
Issues for which a three quarter majority vote is required include: 
 
the introduction of amendments into the Charter or the approval of a new version of the Charter;   
 
the reorganisation of the Company;   
 
the liquidation of the Company, appointment of the liquidation commission and approval of the 
interim and final liquidation balance sheets;   
 
the determination of the quantity, face value and category (type) of the declared shares and the rights 
given by these shares;  
 
the consent to the conclusion or subsequent approval of major transactions in the cases stipulated by 
article 79 of the Federal Law on Joint Stock Companies (which sets out procedures for the approval 
of major deals); 
 
the acquisition of placed shares in cases provided for by the Federal Law on Joint Stock Companies; 
 
decisions relating to the delisting of Severstal’s shares and/or Severstal’s issuable securities 
convertible to shares; 
 
any issue of shares, or securities convertible into shares, by a closed subscription on the basis of the 
decision of the general meeting of shareholders; 
 
the increase of the Company’s share capital by issuing additional shares, or securities convertible 
into shares; 
 
the issue of ordinary shares by means of an open subscription if the shares would constitute over 
25.0 per cent. of the total number of ordinary shares issued prior to such issue; 
 
the issue of securities convertible into ordinary shares by means of an open subscription if the shares 
into which the securities would be converted would constitute over 25.0 per cent. of the total number 
of ordinary shares issued prior to such issue; and 
 
the reduction of the Company’s share capital by way of a reduction of the face value of the 
Company’s shares. 
A quorum for a general meeting of shareholders of the Company is achieved if the holders of more than 50.0 per 
cent. of the issued outstanding voting shares are attending in person or by proxy. If a 50.0 per cent. quorum is not 
achieved, the quorum shall be at least the holders of 30.0 per cent. of the issued outstanding voting shares attend 
(in person or by proxy) a meeting duly reconvened to consider the same agenda. 
The annual general meeting of shareholders must be convened by the Board of Directors between 1 March and 
30 June of each year, and the agenda must include the following items: 
 
election of the members of the Board of Directors;

--- Page 125 ---
109 
 
 
the distribution of profits (announcement of dividends) and losses for the results of the financial 
year; and 
 
the appointment of an independent auditor. 
A shareholder owning, individually or collectively with other shareholders, at least 2.0 per cent. of the issued 
voting shares may propose items for the agenda of the annual general meeting of shareholders and may nominate 
candidates to the Board of Directors pursuant to the Charter of the Company. Any agenda items or nominations 
must be submitted to the Company no later than 60 calendar days after the end of the financial year. 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders may be convened by the Board of Directors on its own motion 
or at the request of the independent auditor or any shareholder owning, individually or collectively with other 
shareholders, at least 10.0 per cent. of the issued voting shares at the date of the request. 
A general meeting of shareholders may be held in person or by absentee ballot. A general meeting of shareholders 
held in person involves the adoption of resolutions by the general meeting of shareholders through the personal 
attendance of the shareholders or their authorised representatives for the purpose of discussing and voting on 
issues on the agenda, provided that if the ballot is mailed to shareholders for participation at a meeting convened 
in such form, the shareholders may complete and mail the ballot back to the Company without personally attending 
the meeting. A general meeting of shareholders held by absentee ballot involves the determination of shareholders’ 
opinions on the issues on the agenda by means of a written poll. 
Information and communication technologies may be used at the general meeting of shareholders in the format of 
a meeting (joint attendance of shareholders to discuss items of the agenda and make decisions on the issues put to 
a vote) if technically feasible. This allows for the remote participation of shareholders to the general meeting who 
can discuss agenda items and make decisions on the issues put to a vote, without being physically present in the 
location of the general meeting of shareholders.  
If technically feasible, the persons entitled to participate in a general meeting of shareholders may also fill out 
voting ballots electronically on the website in the information and telecommunication network “Internet”, whose 
address is indicated in the general meeting of shareholders notice. Shareholders may fill out the electronic form 
on the website for the general meeting of shareholders if they did not exercise their right to participate in the 
meeting in any other way. 
The possibility of remote participation in the general meeting of shareholders and the use of electronic ballot 
papers at the site in the information and telecommunication network “Internet” are determined by the Company’s 
Board of Directors as matters related to the preparations for the general meeting of shareholders. The website 
address in the information and communication network “Internet”, on which shareholders may be logged in to 
participate in the general meeting of shareholders and use electronic ballot papers, is determined by the Company’s 
Board of Directors and shall be specified in the general meeting of shareholders notice. 
The following issues cannot be decided by absentee ballot: 
 
the election of members of the Board of Directors; and 
 
the appointment of an independent auditor. 
Notice and Participation 
According to the Company’s Charter, the notice on holding the general meeting of shareholders shall be made 
available no later than 30 days prior to the date of the meeting. If the agenda of the extraordinary general meeting 
of shareholders contains an item on the election of the Company’s Board of Directors, the notice on holding the 
General meeting of shareholders shall be made available no later than 50 days prior to the date of the meeting. 
According to the Company’s Charter, the notice to the shareholders is to be posted on the Company’s official 
website (www.severstal.com). 
The list of persons entitled to participate in a general meeting of shareholders is to be compiled on the basis of the 
data in the Company’s share register on the date determined by the Board of Directors. The list of persons entitled 
to participate in a general meeting of shareholders may not be compiled earlier than 10 days of the date of adoption 
of the Board resolution to hold such meeting and may not be more than 25 days before the date of the general 
meeting of shareholders or, in the case of an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to elect the Board of

--- Page 126 ---
110 
 
Directors, 55 days before the date of the general meeting of shareholders. Generally, the right to participate in a 
general meeting of shareholders may be exercised by a shareholder as follows:  
 
by personal attendance; 
 
by proxy; 
 
by absentee ballot; or 
 
by delegating the right to vote using the absentee ballot to a duly authorised representative. 
Ballots for voting on items on the general meeting of shareholders agenda should be forwarded to the Company’s 
shareholders by registered mail no later than 20 days before the general meeting of shareholders. 
As required by applicable Russian law, the resolutions passed at the general meeting of shareholders and the 
voting results may be announced at the general meeting of shareholders at which the voting was carried out, and 
should be made available to shareholders in the form of a Voting Results Report within four business days from 
the date of the general meeting of shareholders. The Company discloses the resolutions passed at the general 
meeting of shareholders in the form of Corporate Action Notice as required by applicable laws. 
Board of Directors 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the review and approval of its strategy and business model, 
and closely monitoring its financial and business operations both by segment and as a whole. The Board of 
Directors is also responsible for approval of annual, half-year and quarterly results, the issue of any securities, 
establishing dividend policy and recommendation of dividends. It is also responsible for establishing Company’s 
risk management, system of internal control, governance, monitoring executive performance and succession 
planning. The Board reviews standards of ethics and policy in relation to health, safety, environment, social and 
community obligations. The responsibilities of the Board of Directors are listed in the Company’s Charter. 
The Board of Directors is authorised to deal with matters relating to the most important aspects of the Company’s 
activity, except for those which are resolved by the general meeting of shareholders. 
All members of the Board of Directors must be individuals. Members of the Board of Directors shall: 
 
act in good faith and in a responsible manner in the interest of all shareholders and the Company as 
a whole; 
 
have the necessary professional skills; 
 
devote sufficient attention to the performance of their duties as members of the Board of Directors; 
 
stop representing interests of any groups of persons in any way related to the Company after their 
election and act only in the best interest of all shareholders and the Company as a whole; and 
 
disclose in good faith all information on any potential interest in any transactions, effected by the 
Company. 
The Members of the Board of Directors are elected by the Company’s shareholders through cumulative voting at 
the general meeting of shareholders. 
Key responsibilities of the Board of Directors include: 
 
strategic direction of the Company; 
 
issues relating to calling and holding the general meeting of shareholders, other than in certain cases 
provided by the Federal Law on Joint Stock Companies; 
 
placement of the Company’s additional shares, bonds and other issued securities other than cases 
reserved for the exclusive competence of the general meeting of shareholders;

--- Page 127 ---
111 
 
 
approval of the price (estimated value) of assets, the price of placement or procedure for its 
determination and redemption of issued securities;  
 
acquisition of shares placed by the Company, bonds and other securities other than cases reserved 
for the exclusive competence of the general meeting of shareholders; 
 
formation of Board committees and approval of internal documents regulating Board committees’ 
activity and insider relations; 
 
determination of principles and approaches to the Company’s risk management, internal control and 
audit, and approval of internal documents regulating governance risk and internal controls; 
 
determination of fees to be paid to independent auditor; 
 
recommendation on the amount of dividends to be paid and the procedure for the payment thereof; 
 
use of the emergency fund and other funds of the Company; 
 
approval of the Company’s Corporate Governance Code and internal documents regulating Board 
committees’ activity and insider relations; 
 
approval of the annual report, annual accounting (financial) statements of the Company; 
 
opening of the Company’s branches and representative offices and their liquidation; 
 
approval of major transactions and transactions with interested parties as required by applicable law; 
 
approval of the Company’s registrar and contract relations with it; 
 
approval of transactions with an amount exceeding 10 per cent. of the book value of the Company 
assets on the date such transactions are agreed; 
 
approval of transactions to acquire: (i) shares or participation interests, or rights to manage such 
shares or participation interests, (ii) fixed or intangible assets if the amount of the transaction 
specified in sub-clauses (i) or (ii) exceeds the equivalent of US$500 million; 
 
review of the consolidated budget and submission of appropriate recommendations; 
 
review of the appointment and compensation policy applicable to the Company’s senior executives 
and the recommendations regarding such policy; 
 
submitting an application for listing of the Company’s shares and (or) issuable securities convertible 
to shares;  
 
determining the Company’s opinion on specific matters as participant on the meeting of its 
subsidiary company – Mining Holding Company, LLC; and 
 
other matters provided for by Russian law and the Company’s Charter. 
The Board of Directors consists of 10 persons, including: five Independent Directors (Sakari Tamminen, Alun 
Bowen, Philip Dayer, Vladimir Mau and Aleksandr Auzan), one Non-Executive Director (Alexey Mordashov) 
and four Executive Directors (Aleksandr Shevelev, Alexey Kulichenko, Andrey Mityukov and Agnes Ritter). The 
ratio of Independent Directors to the total number of members of the Board of Directors guarantees equal 
protection of interests of all shareholders.  
Alexey Mordashov was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors at a Board meeting on 8 June 2020 while 
Sakari Tamminen was appointed Senior Independent Director and Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee. Alun Bowen, an Independent Director, was elected Chairman of the Audit Committee and Philip 
Dayer, an Independent Director, was elected Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee. 
The Board reviews the independence of all Independent Directors annually, and has determined that all such 
directors are independent, in line with the UK Corporate Governance Code and have no cross-directorships or

--- Page 128 ---
112 
 
significant links, which could materially interfere with them exercising their independent judgment. The 
Company’s Independent Directors play a leading role in corporate accountability and governance through their 
membership and participation in the Board’s committees. 
New directors to the Board of Directors participate in an induction programme when they take office. This presents 
details of the Company’s operations and procedures as well as information on what is required from them in their 
role according to the Company’s internal corporate documents. This includes the Company’s Charter, Corporate 
Governance Code and other internal corporate documents, applicable corporate governance law, and descriptions 
of best practice to help ensure their early effective contribution to the Company. 
The Board of Directors’ activity is regulated under the applicable Russian law, the Company’s Charter and 
Regulations for the Board of Directors. 
The business address to contact each member of the Board of Directors is Ulitsa Mira 30, Cherepovets, Vologda 
Region, 162608, Russia and the telephone number is +7 8202 53 09 00. As at 31 December 2020, the active 
membership of the Board of Directors is as follows:  
Name 
Year 
of 
Birth 
Current position/biography and outside memberships 
Since 
Alexey 
A. 
Mordashov 
1965 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Member of the Health, 
Safety and Environmental Committee. 
1996 
 
 
Alexey Mordashov has been working for Severstal since 1988. He started his career as a 
Senior Economist, becoming Chief Financial Officer in 1992. In December 1996, he was 
appointed as Severstal’s Chief Executive Officer. Between 2002 and 2006, he served as Chief 
Executive Officer of Severstal Group and was Chairman of Severstal’s Board of Directors. 
Between December 2006 and December 2014, Mr. Mordashov was Chief Executive Officer 
of Severstal. From December 2014 until May 2015, Mr. Mordashov served as CEO of AO 
Severstal Management, the managing company of PAO Severstal. Mr. Mordashov was 
elected Chairman of the Board of Directors of PAO Severstal in May 2015. 
 
 
 
Mr. Mordashov earned his undergraduate degree from the Leningrad Institute of Engineering 
and Economics. He also holds an MBA degree from Business School of Northumbria 
University (Newcastle, UK). Mr. Mordashov was granted an honorary doctorate from the 
Saint-Petersburg State University of Engineering and Economics in 2001 and from the 
University of Northumbria, UK in 2003. 
 
 
 
Mr. Mordashov’s outside activities include the following: 
 Member of the Supervisory Board (since June 2010) of the Non-Profit Partnership 
Consortium Russian Steel (currently – Association Russian Steel), President of the Non-
Profit Partnership Consortium “Russian Steel” (from 2013 to 2015), and from 2016 to 
2017 – Chairman of the Supervisory Board; 
 Member of the Executive Committee of the World Steel Association headquartered in 
Brussels, Belgium. Prior to that Chairman (from 2012 to 2013) and Vice-Chairman (from 
2013 to 2015); 
 Chairman of the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs’ (RSPP) Committee 
on Integration, Trade and Customs Policy and WTO; 
 Co-Chairman of the Northern Dimension Business Council; 
 Vice-President of the Russian-German chamber of commerce; 
 Member of the Russian-German workgroup responsible for strategic economic and 
finance issues; 
 Member of the Board of Directors of Nordgold S.E.; 
 Member of the Board of Directors of TUI AG;

--- Page 129 ---
113 
 
Name 
Year 
of 
Birth 
Current position/biography and outside memberships 
Since 
 Member of the Strategic Council for Investments in New Industries under the direction of 
the Minister for Trade and Industry of the Russian Federation; and 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lenta Ltd. 
Aleksandr A. 
Shevelev 
1974 CEO of AO Severstal Management,  
Member of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee 
2016 
 
 
Aleksandr Shevelev started his career at the Cherepovets Steel Mill as a repairman in the 
repair-tool shop in 1997. He later worked as a shift foreman, lead economist, deputy head of 
strategic planning department and head of the production development department at the OAO 
Cherepovets Steel Mill. From 2002 to 2004, he worked as a Technical Support Director of the 
Cherepovets Steel Mill. In 2012 Mr. Shevelev became executive director of the Cherepovets 
Steel Mill (currently Severstal-Metiz). From 1 July 2012, he was appointed First Deputy 
Mayor of Cherepovets and in June 2013, Deputy Governor of the Vologda region. From July 
2013 to March 2016, he was CEO of Severstal-Metiz. From April 2016 to December 2016, 
he was CEO of SVEZA Group. In December 2016, Mr. Shevelev was appointed CEO of and 
elected to the Board of Directors of Severstal Management. 
Mr. Shevelev graduated from the Vologda State Dairy Farming Academy with a degree in 
Mechanical Engineering and from the National Technical University in St. Petersburg where 
he obtained a masters in economics and management. Mr. Shevelev also holds an MBA 
degree from the Northumbria Business School (Newcastle, UK).  
 
 
 
 
Mr. Shevelev does not carry out any outside activities. 
 
Alexey G. 
Kulichenko 
1974 
CFO of Severstal Management. 
2009 
 
 
Between 1996 and 2003 Alexey Kulichenko worked for Sun Interbrew, starting his career 
there as a cash flow economist at the Rosar plant in Omsk and ending it as Efficiency Planning 
and Managing Director of Sun Interbrew. Between 2003 and 2005 Mr. Kulichenko worked as 
CFO at Unimilk. From December 2005 to July 2009, he worked as CFO of  Severstal 
Resource. In July 2009, Alexey Kulichenko was appointed CFO of OAO Severstal. From 8 
November 2016 till 11 December 2016 he was CEO of Severstal Management. 
Mr. Kulichenko graduated from the Omsk Institute of World Economy with a degree in 
Economics. 
 
 
 
Mr. Kulichenko is also a Non-Executive Director of Lenta Ltd. 
 
Andrey A. 
Mityukov  
1967 CEO of TT-Holding, LLC  
2019 
 
 
Andrey Mityukov held various HR management positions at the Henkel-Russia plant from 
1997 to 2000. In 2000, he worked at Sun Interbrew as Human Resources Director at the 
Povolzhye plant and from 2001 as Regional Human Resources Director. In 2003, Mr. 
Mityukov joined Severstal Group as Human Resources Director of Sveza. From 2005 to 2015, 
he held the role of Senior Vice President Human Resources at Severstal. From 2015 to 2019 
he was Senior Vice President of Human Resources of Severgroup LLC. Andrey Mityukov 
became CEO of TТ-Holding LLC in 2019. 
 
 
 
In 1988, Mr. Mityukov graduated from the Leningrad PVO Military Political Academy. In 
2001-2002 he studied Human Resources Management under a joint programme run by the 
Higher School of Economics (Moscow) and Harvard University. In 2012, he studied at the 
European Institute of Business Administration (INSEAD) Business School under the 
“Strategy for HR leaders” programme. 
 
 
 
Mr. Mityukov does not carry out any outside activities.

--- Page 130 ---
114 
 
Name 
Year 
of 
Birth 
Current position/biography and outside memberships 
Since 
Agnes A. 
Ritter 
1982 Chief Technical Officer at Severstal Management,  
member of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee 
Before joining Severstal, Agnes Ritter worked as a consultant for The Boston Consulting 
Group (BCG) and worked in operational and organisational efficiency in the heavy and oil 
industries. Mrs. Ritter joined Severstal in 2010. From 2011 to 2016 she was Head of 
Production at Severstal Resources. In April 2016, she was appointed Director of Production 
at AO Severstal Management. In September 2018, she was elected to the Board of Directors 
of Severstal. 
Mrs. Ritter graduated in Vienna, Austria with a degree in sales and marketing, and then 
furthered her studies at the College of Europe. In 2013, she studied TGM (transition to general 
management) at INSEAD Business School, Fontainebleau and Singapore. 
Mrs. Ritter does not carry out any outside activities. 
2018 
Veikko 
Sakari 
Tamminen 
1953 Senior Independent Director,  
Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee,  
Member of the Audit Committee 
2015 
 
 
Sakari Tamminen has extensive relevant experience at Board level within steel and metals 
companies, including being the President and CEO of the Finnish steel and metal construction 
company Rautaruukki Corporation from 2003 to 2014. Mr. Tamminen is currently a member 
of the Board at steel company Ovako Ab and has been the Vice Chairman of the Board of 
Sanoma Corporation from 2002 to 2013. Mr. Tamminen has held a board membership in 
Danske Bank plc. from 2014 to 2017. Mr. Tamminen is Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Versowood Oy and M.J.Paasikivi Oy. He has also held roles as Executive Vice President 
and CFO of Metso Corporation (1999–2003) and Rauma Corporation Plc (1991–1999). 
 
 
 
Mr. Tamminen studied at Tampere University. He holds a degree of Master of Science 
(Economics). 
 
 
 
Mr. Tamminen’s outside activities include the following: 
 
 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors of Ovako Ab; 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors of Versowood Oy; and 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors of M.J. Paasikivi Oy. 
 
David Alun 
Bowen 
1955 Independent Director,  
Chairman of the Audit Committee,  
Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
2014 
 
 
David Alun Bowen spent almost 37 years working for KPMG in London, Sydney, Cardiff, 
Hong Kong and Kazakhstan. He has extensive relevant experience both at Board level and in 
advisory roles. Between 2001 and 2005 Mr. Bowen led KPMG’s global sustainability practice 
and was personally involved in providing assurance on BP’s and Chevron’s global greenhouse 
gas emissions and Anglo American’s Report to Society. He also was the Managing Partner of 
KPMG Kazakhstan from 2008 to 2013. He was a member of the audit committees of The 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (2004 to 2007), Business in the 
Community (2003 to 2005) and The Prince’s Trust (2001 to 2007). From 2014 till 2017, Mr. 
Bowen was a member of the Supervisory Board of JSC Eurasian Bank. 
 
 
 
Mr. Bowen holds a Master of Arts degree from Trinity College, Cambridge, where he studied 
Metallurgy and Materials Science, and he is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
in England and Wales.  
 
 
 
Mr. Bowen’s outside activities include the following:

--- Page 131 ---
115 
 
Name 
Year 
of 
Birth 
Current position/biography and outside memberships 
Since 
 
 
 Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee of Transport for Wales; 
 Non-Executive Director, Chairman of the Risk and Conduct Committee and member of 
the Audit Committee of Julian Hodge Bank Limited; 
 Non-Executive Director, Chairman of the Risk and Conduct Committee and member of 
the Audit Committee of Hodge Life Assurance Company Limited; 
 Non-Executive Director, Chairman of the Risk and Conduct Committee and member of 
the Audit Committee of Hodge Limited; and 
 Trustee and Director of Hodge Foundation. 
 
Philip John 
Dayer 
1951 Independent Director,  
Chairman of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee,  
Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. 
2014 
 
 
Philip Dayer has extensive experience in advising international companies, including in the 
CIS. Mr. Dayer sits on the Board of several listed companies in the energy, software and 
financial services sectors. Mr. Dayer qualified as a Chartered Accountant and pursued a 
corporate finance career in investment banking providing capital markets advice, including 
on mergers and acquisition transactions and flotations. Over the past five years he has also 
held Non-Executive Directorships at Hurricane Exploration plc, Cadogan Petroleum plc, 
Dana Petroleum plc, Arden Partners plc, Navigators Underwriting Agency Limited, IP Plus 
plc and AVEVA Group plc and JSC National Company KazMunayGas. 
Mr. Dayer graduated from King’s College (London) in Law and he is a Fellow of the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 
 
 
Mr. Dayer’s outside activities include the following: 
 
 
 
 Non-Executive Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the 
Remuneration Committee of JSC VTB Capital Holding; 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, member of the Remuneration Committee and  
member of the Risk Committee of VTB Capital plc; and 
 Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of The Parkmead Group 
plc. 
 
Vladimir A. 
Mau 
1959 Independent Director,  
Member of the Audit Committee 
2015 
 
 
Vladimir Mau is an honoured Russian economist. Since 1991 he participated in the economic 
reforms in Russia, including working as Advisor to the Chairman of the Russian Government 
from 1992 to 1993. From 1997 through 2002 Mr. Mau was the Head of the Working Center 
for Economic Reforms of the Russian Government. In 2002 he became the Rector of the 
Academy of National Economy of the Russian Government (ANE), and since September 2010 
he has been the Rector of the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration (RANEPA). 
. 
 
 
Mr. Mau is a Doctor of Economics, Professor, PhD (Pierre Mendes France University), 
Honoured Economist of the Russian Federation. Mr. Mau graduated from the Moscow 
Institute of National Economy in 1981. 
 
 
 
Mr. Mau’s outside activities include the following:

--- Page 132 ---
116 
 
Name 
Year 
of 
Birth 
Current position/biography and outside memberships 
Since 
 
 
 Member of the Trustees Board of Yegor Gaidar Foundation; 
 Member of the Board of Directors, member of the Audit Committee, member of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of PAO Gazprom; 
 Member of the Board of Directors, member of the Committee for Corporate Governance, 
nominations and remunerations of PAO TRANSCAPITALBANK; 
 Member of the Management Board of Foundation for Social and Economic Research and 
Education; 
 Member of the Board at the Centre for Strategic Development Foundation; 
 Chairman of the Trustees Board of Forum Non-Profit Foundation Analytical Centre; 
 Member of the Board of Directors of AO Academia Prosvescheniye Foundation; 
 Member of the Supervisory Board of the Analytical Center for the Government of the 
Russian Federation; and 
 Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal State Budgetary Institution “Russian 
Academy  of Education”. 
 
Aleksandr A. 
Auzan 
1954 Independent Director,  
Member of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee 
2015 
 
 
Aleksandr Auzan is Dean of the Faculty of Economics at Lomonosov Moscow State 
University, a professor, and the founder of the National Projects Institute. He is one of 
Russia’s leading economists. In the late 1980s, he took part in the establishment of consumer 
protection associations and has been a Member of the Executive Bureau of the Council of 
Consumers International (Worldwide Consumers Association). In 2005–2011 he was 
President of the Association of Russian Economic Think Tanks (ARETT). Mr. Auzan was 
also a member of the President’s Commission for the Modernisation and Technological 
Development of the Russian Economy and the President’s Council for the Development of 
Civil Society and Human Rights. He is currently a member of the Presidential Economic 
Council. He has written numerous papers on the Modernisation of Russia, national values and 
the dynamics of the social contract. His work involves economic and development consulting 
for national and regional governments, including his participation in the development of the 
“Strategy-2020” for Russia in 2011–2012. In 2015 he headed the working group on the 
preparation of proposals for the structure, direction, resource provision and plan for the social 
and economic development strategy of Russia up to 2030. 
 
 
 
Mr. Auzan graduated from Moscow State University and holds a PhD in Economics. 
 
 
 
Mr. Auzan’s outside activities include the following: 
 
 
 
 Independent Director and member of the Strategic Planning Committee of AO RVK; and 
 Member of the Board of Directors of OOO VEB Innovations. 
 
There are no current or potential conflicts between the private interests and duties of the members of the Board of 
Directors or the Chief Executive Officer and the duties of those officers to the Company. 
In the previous five years, no member of the Board of Directors has been convicted of any fraudulent offence; 
served as a director, partner, founder or senior manager of any organisation that has been the subject of any 
bankruptcies, receiverships or liquidations; was subject to any official public incrimination or sanctions by 
statutory or regulatory authorities, including designated professional bodies, or has been disqualified by a court 
from acting as a director of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any issuer.

--- Page 133 ---
117 
 
Company’s Board of Directors includes the following committees: 
 
the Audit Committee; 
 
the Remuneration and Nomination Committee; and 
 
the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee. 
The Board Committees serve as consultative and advisory bodies that deal with issues raised by the Board of 
Directors. The Committees are also responsible for the preliminary study of various issues to be considered at 
meetings of the Board of Directors. Committees may not act on behalf of the Board and are not considered to be 
management bodies of the Company. They have no powers in relation to managing the Company. 
Committee meetings are held as and when required with respect to issues raised by the Board of Directors that 
require preliminary analysis before further approval by the Board of Directors. They are held separate from the 
Board meetings so that extra attention can be given to discussing issues which actually require preliminary Board 
consideration prior to approval by the Board of Directors members, and ultimately the Board of Directors’ 
approval. 
Decisions of each Committee are taken by a majority vote of all Committee members taking part in the meeting. 
Each member has one vote and the Committee Chairman has no casting vote in the event of a tie. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in monitoring the Company’s risk management processes 
and control environment, and in reviewing the Company’s annual and quarterly financial statements and audit. 
The Audit Committee consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. Currently they are: 
 
Alun Bowen (Chairman),  
 
Sakari Tamminen, and 
 
Vladimir Mau.  
The Audit Committee has sufficient recent relevant financial experience, as well as the overall skills required for 
financial statements, business risk analysis and financial management. No senior executive of the Company can 
be a member of the Audit Committee. 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s role is to help the Company engage qualified professionals to 
manage the Company, and create the incentives necessary to ensure their successful work for the Company. It 
also reviews remuneration and compensation for the Company’s senior managers and Independent Board 
members. 
The Remuneration and Nomination Committee consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. Currently 
they are: 
 
Sakari Tamminen (Chairman),  
 
Philip Dayer, and 
 
Alun Bowen. 
Health, Safety and Environmental Committee 
The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee is responsible for assisting the Board of Directors in obtaining 
assurance that appropriate systems are in place to deal with the management of health, safety and environmental 
risks.

--- Page 134 ---
118 
 
The Health, Safety and Environmental Committee currently consists of: 
 
Philip Dayer (Chairman), 
 
Alexey Mordashov, 
 
Aleksandr Shevelev,  
 
Agnes Ritter, and 
 
Alexander Auzan. 
Details of the abovementioned Committee members can be found in their biographies. 
Sole Executive Body 
The authority of the Company’s Sole Executive Body is exercised by the Chief Executive Officer / General 
Director of the Company. 
Following the resolution of the Company’s shareholders dated 10 September 2014, the powers and responsibilities 
of Severstal’s CEO were transferred to the managing company, Severstal Management, with effect from 1 January 
2015. This change was in line with the Company’s stated strategic focus of optimising its management structure 
and further enhancing management efficiency and transparency. Severstal Management achieved this by reducing 
management layers, centralising certain administrative functions and removing work duplication. 
The managing company has the authority to manage all issues in the Company’s current operations, except for 
those issues specifically reserved for the Company’s general meeting of shareholders and the Board of Directors. 
Alexander Shevelev was appointed CEO of Severstal Management with effect from 12 December 2016. 
External Auditors  
KPMG conducts the statutory audit of the Company’s standalone accounts produced under Russian Accounting 
Standards. The appointment of KPMG as the statutory auditors of the Company is approved by the annual general 
meeting of shareholders. 
An external auditor is appointed annually by the general meeting of shareholders. The auditor’s fee is subject to 
approval by the Board. 
Full name of the audit firm: 
KPMG 
Location (legal address): 
16, Olympiysky prospect, building 5, floor 3, office I, room 24e, Moscow 
129110 
Postal address: 
10, Presnenskaya Naberezhnaya, Block C, floor 31, Moscow 123112 
State registration: 
Registered by the Moscow Registration Chamber on 25 May 1992, 
Registration No. 011.585 
Included in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities on 13 August 2002 by 
the Moscow Inter-Regional Tax Inspectorate No.39 of the Ministry for Taxes 
and Duties of the Russian Federation, Registration No. 1027700125628, 
Certificate series 77 No. 005721432. 
Membership in a self-
regulating auditors’ 
organisation: 
Member of Sodruzhestvo Self-regulatory Organisation of Auditors 
Association. The Principal Registration Number of the Entry in the Register 
of Auditors and Audit Organisations: No. 12006020351. 
Taxpayer Identification 
Number 
7702019950 
 
Audits of the Company’s financial and reporting performance are conducted on the basis of the Company’s annual 
results, but may also be carried out at any time at the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders, the Board 
of Directors or any shareholder owning a total of at least 10 per cent. of the Company’s voting shares.

--- Page 135 ---
119 
 
Compensation of Senior Managers, Executive Officers and Directors 
Key management’s remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2020, consisting of salaries and bonuses, 
totalled US$9 million (2019: US$9 million). Additionally, in 2020, a provision for key management’s long-term 
cash-settled share-based incentive programmes of US$3 million was accrued (2019: US$3 million). This 
provision is subject to further adjustments, dependent on a range of the Group’s financial and non-
financial indicators.  
Upon a decision of the general meeting of shareholders, the remuneration may be paid to members of the 
Company’s Board of Directors during execution of their duties and/or by way of compensation of their expenses 
connected to their functions as members of the Company’s Board of Directors. The amount of such a remuneration 
and/or compensation is established by the decision of the general meeting of shareholders.

--- Page 136 ---
120 
 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 
The table below sets out certain information regarding the ownership of the Company as at 31 December 2020 
according to the Company’s share register: 
Shareholder 
Percentage 
of shares 
ASTROSHINE LIMITED ........................................................................................................................  
16.35 
ASTROSHINE INVESTMENTS LIMITED ...........................................................................................  
5.00 
RAYGLOW LIMITED ............................................................................................................................  
18.15 
LORANEL LIMITED ..............................................................................................................................  
21.35 
PEARLGREEN LIMITED .......................................................................................................................  
16.00 
Other persons(1) ........................................................................................................................................  
23.15 
Total ........................................................................................................................................................  
100.0 
 
Note:  
(1) 
Includes, among others, holders of the Company’s shares in the form of Global Depositary Receipts admitted to trading 
on the regulated main market of the London Stock Exchange. 
As at 31 December 2020, approximately 77.03 per cent. of the Company’s share capital was indirectly controlled 
by Alexey Mordashov, Chairman of the Board of Directors.

--- Page 137 ---
121 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
The following is a summary of the Group’s most significant transactions with related parties for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. For further details of these transactions, see Note 10 to the Financial 
Statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018.  
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group has engaged, and continues to engage, in transactions with parties 
that are under common control with the Group or that are otherwise related parties to the Group. Transactions 
with entities under common control with the Group constitute transactions with parties that have the same 
beneficial owners as the Company, or who are also members of the Board of Directors. See “Principal 
Shareholders”. Other than the transactions with entities under common control described herein, the Group did 
not engage in any transactions with members of its Board of Directors during the period under review. 
The Group has transactions with related parties in respect of revenue, purchases, financing and other types of 
transactions. Because of the varying ownership percentages of its Majority Shareholder in such related parties, as 
well as other factors, there may be incentives for transactions between the Group and its related parties to be 
effected on other than arm’s length basis, which could result in subsidies or other transfers of value and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
REVENUE 
As disclosed in the Financial Statements, the Group’s revenue from related parties totalled US$126 million, 
US$155 million and US$144 million for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
Revenue from associates and joint ventures amounted to US$97 million, US$115 million and US$111 million for 
the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and mainly comprised revenue of the Severstal 
Russian Steel segment from Rutgers Severtar LLC, JSC Air Liquide Severstal and Severstal-Gonvarri-Kaluga 
LLC.  
Revenue from other related parties amounted to US$29 million, US$40 million and US$33 million for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and mainly comprised revenue of the Severstal Russian 
Steel segment.  
JSC Air Liquide Severstal, an associate of the Group, is an industrial gas producer with a production capacity of 
4,500 kg/h of liquid oxygen. Severstal has a 25.0 per cent. ownership plus one share in Air Liquide Severstal, 
which was established jointly with Air Liquide. Air Liquide Severstal has been set up within the Cherepovets steel 
complex in the Vologda region, Russia. 
Severstal-Gonvarri-Kaluga LLC is designed to produce 170,000 tonnes of rolled metal products per year for the 
automotive and electrical industries. 
Rutgers Severtar LLC, a joint venture with Rutgers, based at the Cherepovets Steel Mill plant, produces vacuum 
pitch, technical oils and naphthalene. 
Such transactions were undertaken as part of divisions’ normal business operations and are expected to continue 
in the foreseeable future. 
PURCHASES 
As disclosed in the Financial Statements, the Group’s purchases from related parties totalled US$103 million, 
US$131 million and US$124 million for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The main part of the Group’s purchases is represented by purchases from associates and joint ventures totalling 
US$64 million, US$69 million and US$69 million for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, 
respectively, and mainly comprised purchases by the Severstal Russian Steel segment from JSC Air Liquide 
Severstal. 
Such transactions were undertaken as part of divisions’ normal business operations and are expected to continue 
in the foreseeable future. 
FINANCING 
The Group’s cash flows have been used, from time to time, to finance the development of various companies.

--- Page 138 ---
122 
 
For the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 the Group’s interest income from related parties was not 
significant. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
For relevant disclosures for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and the balances as at such date, 
refer to the following parts of the Financial Statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
Consolidated income statements 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements: 
Note 10—Related party transactions 
Note 11—Related party balances 
Note 23—Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

--- Page 139 ---
123 
 
REGULATORY MATTERS 
Regulation of the Steel and Mining Industries in Russia 
Russia has not enacted any specific legislation governing the operation of the steel industry and the business of 
steel manufacturing companies. The production, sale and distribution of steel in the Russian Federation is 
regulated by general civil legislation and administrative and special legislation relating to quality standards, 
industrial safety, environmental, employment and other rules. 
The Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation on 5 May 2014 approved the “Strategy for 
Development of Ferrous Metal Manufacturing Industry of the Russian Federation for the Period from 2014 until 
2020 and until 2030” and the “Strategy for Development of Non-Ferrous Metal Manufacturing Industry of the 
Russian Federation for the Period from 2014 until 2020 and until 2030” (the Strategies). The Strategies supersede 
the “Strategy for Development of Metal Manufacturing Industry of the Russian Federation for the Period until 
2020” dated 18 March 2009. The Strategies, inter alia, outlined the key trends and factors relevant for the 
development of national ferrous and non-ferrous metallurgy, set out four stages of development of the Russian 
metallurgy (2014-2016, 2017-2020, 2021-2025 and 2026-2030) and determined that promotion of investments 
and development of innovation technologies would be the state priorities in the sphere of metal manufacturing 
industry. Other targets for development of Russian steel industry (including, among others, import substitution, 
promotion of internal demand for metal products and protection of Russian exporters on foreign markets) are set 
out in the Programme “Metal Manufacturing Industry” of the State Programme for Development of Industry and 
Increase of Its Competitive Abilities approved by the Government of the Russian Federation on 15 April 2014, as 
well as the Industrial Plan of Measures for Import Substitution in Ferrous Metal Manufacturing Industry and the 
Industrial Plan of Measures for Import Substitution in Non-Ferrous Metal Manufacturing Industry both approved 
by the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation on 31 March 2015. 
The Federal Law No. 184-FZ “On Technical Regulation” dated 27 December 2002, as amended (the Technical 
Regulation Law), established rules relating to the development, enactment, application and enforcement of 
obligatory technical requirements and the development of voluntary standards relating to manufacturing 
processes, operations, storage, transportation, selling and utilisation. 
Under the Technical Regulation Law, technical rules and regulations relating to industrial safety and 
environmental protection can be enacted only by treaties to which the Russian Federation is a party, decrees of 
the Russian president, resolutions of the Russian Government and by-laws adopted by state authorities responsible 
for technical regulation. 
In those cases where the Technical Regulation Law provides for mandatory confirmation of product conformity 
to the established technical regulations (standards), companies are obliged to obtain certificates of compliance 
evidencing that their products meet the requirements of technical regulations, standardisation documents, codes 
of practice or terms and conditions of contracts. Where Russian laws and regulations relating to industrial safety 
provide for the mandatory issuance of permits to use technical equipment at hazardous production facilities, 
companies are obliged to obtain the required permits which prove that their products meet the relevant industrial 
safety requirements. Where certification is not mandatory, a company may elect voluntary certification by 
applying for a compliance certificate from the relevant authorities. Following the issuance of that certificate, the 
applicant has the right to use the relevant compliance mark on its products.  
Federal, Regional and Local Regulatory Authorities Governing the Steel Industry 
At the federal level, regulatory authority over the steel industry is divided primarily between the Ministry of 
Industry and Trade and the Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology. The Ministry of Industry and Trade is 
responsible for the development of governmental policy in, and regulation of, the industry. In addition, it regulates 
certain aspects of Russian exports and imports of steel products. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology 
is responsible for the development of governmental policy and regulation in the sphere of natural resources, 
including subsoil. Particularly, the Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology passes regulations, inter alia, 
setting safety requirements to the process of exploration, development of natural resources, the order of re- 
issuance and transfer of subsoil licenses, the rules of access to the geological information, which belongs to the 
state, and establishes rules of accounting for natural resources on the state balances and of classification and 
evaluation of natural resources.

--- Page 140 ---
124 
 
The federal ministries in Russia are not responsible for compliance control or management of state property and 
provision of services, which are directed by the federal services and the federal agencies, respectively. The federal 
services and agencies that are relevant to the Group’s activities include: 
 
The Federal Service for Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision (Rostekhnadzor), 
which sets procedures for, and oversees compliance with, industrial safety and environmental rules 
and issues licences for certain industrial activities and activities relating to safety and environmental 
protection; 
 
The Federal Agency for Subsoil Use (Rosnedra), which organises auctions and issues licences for 
subsoil use and approves design documentation for geological survey activities; 
 
The Federal Agency for Technical Regulation and Metrology (Rosstandart), which determines and 
oversees levels of compliance with obligatory state standards and technical regulations; and 
 
the Federal Service for the Supervision of the Use of Natural Resources (Rosprirodnadzor), which 
exercises supervision over the observance of environmental legislation (including legislation 
relating to handling of hazardous wastes), controls geological exploration, the rational use and 
protection of subsoil (including compliance with the relevant terms and conditions of subsoil 
licenses) and exercises the land control. 
Aside from the federal executive bodies mentioned above, which are directly involved in regulating and 
supervising the steel sector in Russia, there are a number of other federal regulators that, together with their 
structural subdivisions, have authority over general issues relevant to the Russian steel industry, such as defence, 
internal affairs, security, border services, justice, tax enforcement, rail transport and other matters. 
Generally, regional and municipal authorities with jurisdiction over the specific territory in which a steel 
producing enterprise is located have authority in certain matters, in particular with regard to land-use allocations. 
Licensing of Operations 
The Group is required to obtain numerous licences, authorisations and permits from Russian governmental 
authorities for its operations. The Federal Law No. 99-FZ “On Licensing of Certain Types of Activities” dated 
4 May 2011, as amended (the Licensing Law), as well as other laws and regulations, set out the activities subject 
to licensing and establish procedures for issuing licences. Some of the Group’s Russian companies require licences 
to carry out certain activities, including, inter alia: 
 
the use of subsoil, which is described in more detail below in “—Subsoil Licensing”; 
 
the exploitation of chemically hazardous, explosive and flammable industrial objects of hazardous 
classes from I to III; 
 
the collection, transportation, processing, utilisation, deactivation and disposing of hazardous waste 
of hazard classes from I to IV; 
 
the collection, storage, processing and sale of ferrous steel scrap;  
 
the handling of explosives for industrial use; 
 
surveying works; and 
 
transportation activities. 
These licences are usually issued for an indefinite term. Licences for carrying out of certain types of geological 
survey may be issued for a period of 10 years. Licences for the use of natural resources may be issued for shorter 
or longer periods. 
The requirements imposed by regulatory authorities may be costly and time-consuming, which may result in 
delays in the commencement or continuation of exploration or production operations. Accordingly, the licences 
that the Group needs may not be issued in a timely fashion, or may impose requirements that restrict its ability to 
conduct its operations or to do so profitably.

--- Page 141 ---
125 
 
As part of the Group’s obligations under licensing regulations and the terms of its licences and permits, the Group 
must comply with numerous industrial standards, employ qualified personnel, provide advanced training, maintain 
certain equipment which meets the applicable normative requirements and a system of quality controls, monitor 
operations, maintain and make appropriate filings and, upon request, submit specified information to the licensing 
authorities that control and inspect their activities. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in 
suspension and subsequent revocation of the licenses by the court order. Special rules apply to suspension and 
revocation of subsoil licenses. 
Subsoil Licensing 
In Russia, mining minerals requires a subsoil licence with respect to an identified mineral deposit, as well as the 
right (through ownership, lease or other right) to use the land where such licensed mineral deposit is located. In 
addition, as discussed above, operating permits are required with respect to specific mining activities. 
The licensing regime for use of subsoil for geological survey, exploration and production of mineral resources is 
established primarily by the Federal Law of the Russian Federation “On Subsoil” No. 2395-1 dated 21 February 
1992, as amended (the Subsoil Law). The procedure for subsoil use licensing, as well as certain rules of 
exploration and production of mineral resources was established by Resolution of the Supreme Soviet of the 
Russian Federation No. 3314-1 dated 15 July 1992, as amended (the Licensing Regulation). 
There are two major types of licences: (1) an exploration licence, which is a non-exclusive licence granting the 
right of geological exploration and assessment within the licence area, and (2) a production licence, which grants 
the licensee an exclusive right to produce minerals from the licence area. In practice, some of the licences are 
issued as combined licences, which grant the right to explore, assess and produce minerals from the licence area. 
There are four major types of payments with respect to the use of subsoil: (1) a lump-sum payment for granting 
the right to use the subsoil, (2) periodic payments for geological exploration under the Subsoil Law, (3) fees for 
the right to participate in tenders and auctions, and (4) the minerals extraction tax under the Tax Code. Failure to 
make these payments could result in refusal to grant the right to use the subsoil or in the suspension or termination 
of the subsoil licence. 
Issuance of subsoil licences. Subsoil licences are issued by Rosnedra Most of the currently existing production 
licences owned by companies derive from (1) pre-existing rights granted during the Soviet era and up to the 
enactment of the Subsoil Law to state owned enterprises that were subsequently reorganised in the course of post-
Soviet privatisations; or (2) tender or auction procedures held in the post-Soviet period. The Subsoil Law and the 
Licensing Regulation set out the major requirements relating to such tenders and auctions. 
Production licences and combined exploration and production licences are generally awarded by tender or auction 
conducted by Rosnedra. While the auction or tender commission may include a representative of the relevant 
region, the separate approval of regional authorities is  not required in order to issue subsoil licences. The winning 
bidder in the tender is selected on the basis of the submission of the most technically competent, financially 
attractive and environmentally sound proposal that meets published tender terms and conditions. The Subsoil Law 
provides that, in a tender, the main criteria for determining the winning bidder are the scientific and technical 
levels of the programmes for geological subsoil exploration and the exploitation of subsoil plots, the fullness of 
extraction of natural resources, the level of contribution to the socioeconomic development of the respective 
territory, the period of implementation of the respective programmes, the efficiency of measures aimed at 
preserving the subsoil and the environment, and the ensuring of national defence and security. At the auction, the 
success of the bid is determined by the attractiveness of the financial proposal.  
Exploration licences are generally awarded without a tender or auction by the special commission formed by 
Rosnedra, which includes the representatives of the relevant regional executive authority. The Ministry of Natural 
Resources and Ecology maintains an official list of deposits in respect of which exploration licences can be issued. 
The company may obtain a license for geological exploration (which will be conducted at the company’s own 
expense) of the deposit included into the above mentioned list by filing an application with Rosnedra (or its 
regional department). Unless there is more than one application with respect to the same deposit (in which case 
Rosnedra sets up an auction for combined exploration and production license for the deposit) the special 
commission makes the decision to grant the license upon examination of the application. 
The Subsoil Law allows for production licences to be issued without a tender or auction procedure only in limited 
circumstances, such as instances when a mineral deposit is discovered by the holder of an exploration licence at 
its own expense during the exploration phase. In those circumstances, as a matter of practice, the production

--- Page 142 ---
126 
 
licence will be issued to the holder of the exploration licence, but, legally, the right of the holder of the exploration 
licence to receive the production licence in the event of discovery is not guaranteed. 
Regional authorities may issue production licences for “common” mineral resources, such as clay, sand or 
limestone. A recipient of a licence from a regional authority is also usually granted rights to use the land 
surrounding the licence area. 
Extension of subsoil licences. The term of any subsoil licence is set out in the licence and runs from the date the 
licence is registered.  According to the Subsoil Law exploration licences may have a maximum term of five years 
(except for exploration licences in relation to certain regions of Russia, which may be issued for a period of up to 
7 years, and exploration licences in relation to inland sea waters, territorial sea and continental shelf, which may 
be issued for a period of up to 10 years); production licences may have a one-year term in a limited number of 
special cases, but are generally granted for a term of the expected operational life of the field based on a feasibility 
study; and combined exploration, assessment and production licences can be issued for the term of the expected 
operational life of the field based on a feasibility study.  
The Subsoil Law permits a subsoil licensee to request an extension of a production licence in order to complete 
the production from the subsoil plot covered by the licence or the procedures necessary to vacate the land once 
the use of the subsoil is complete, provided the user complies with the terms and conditions of the licence and the 
relevant regulations. 
In practice, the factors that may affect a company’s ability to obtain the approval of licence amendments include 
its compliance with the licence terms and conditions and its management’s experience and expertise relating to 
subsoil issues, including experience in amending licences. 
Maintenance and termination of subsoil licences. A licence granted under the Subsoil Law is generally 
accompanied by the terms and conditions for use of subsoil which are attached to the licence. The terms and 
conditions for use of subsoil are executed by Rosnedra and are obligatory for the licensee once the licence is 
granted. 
Under the terms and conditions for use of subsoil, the licensee makes certain environmental, safety and production 
commitments, including extracting annually an agreed target amount of reserves; conducting agreed mining and 
other exploratory and development activities; protecting the environment in the licence areas from damage; 
providing geological information and data to the local authorities; submitting on a regular basis formal progress 
reports to relevant authorities and making all obligatory payments when due. Most of the conditions set out in a 
licence are based on mandatory rules contained in Russian law, and the terms and conditions for use of subsoil 
are generally not negotiable. The Group expects that it will be able to meet the commitments set out in the terms 
and conditions for use of subsoil. 
The fulfilment of a licence’s conditions is a major factor in the good standing of the licence. If the subsoil licensee 
fails to fulfil the licence’s conditions, upon notice, the licence may be terminated by the licensing authorities. 
However, if a subsoil licensee cannot meet certain deadlines or achieve certain volumes of exploration work or 
production output as set out in a licence, it may apply to amend the relevant licence conditions, though such 
amendments may be denied. 
The Subsoil Law and other Russian legislation contain extensive provisions for licence termination. A licensee 
can be fined or the licence can be limited, suspended or terminated for the reasons noted above, for repeated 
breaches of the law, upon the occurrence of a direct threat to the lives or health of people working or residing in 
the local area, or upon the occurrence of certain emergency situations. A licence may also be limited, suspended 
or terminated for violations of “material” licence terms. Although the Subsoil Law does not specify which terms 
are material, failure to pay subsoil taxes and failure to commence operations in a timely manner have been 
common grounds for suspension or termination of licences. Consistent underproduction and failure to meet 
obligations to finance a project or to submit data reports (as required by law) would also likely constitute violations 
of material licence terms. In addition, certain licences provide that the violation by a subsoil licensee of any of its 
obligations may constitute grounds for limiting, suspending or terminating the licence. 
If the licensee does not agree with a decision of the licensing authorities, including a decision relating to a licence 
limitation, suspension or termination or the refusal to reissue an existing licence, the licensee may appeal the 
decision through administrative or judicial proceedings. In certain cases of termination, the licensee has the right 
to attempt to cure the violation within three months of its receipt of notice of the violation. If the issue has been 
resolved within such a three-month period, no termination or other action may be taken.

--- Page 143 ---
127 
 
Licences may be transferred only under certain limited circumstances that are identified in the Subsoil Law, 
including the reorganisation of the licence holder or in the event that an initial licence holder transfers its licence 
to its subsidiary, provided that the transferee possesses the equipment and authorisations necessary to conduct the 
exploration or production activity that is covered by the transferred licence. 
Land Use Rights 
Land use rights are needed and granted for the portions of the licence area actually being used, including the plot 
being mined, access areas and areas where other mining related activity is occurring. 
Under the Land Code of the Russian Federation No. 136-FZ dated 25 October 2001, as amended (the Land Code), 
legal entities may generally have the rights of ownership or lease with regard to land plots in the Russian 
Federation. 
A majority of land plots in the Russian Federation are owned by federal, regional or municipal bodies, which can 
sell, lease or grant other rights to land to private users.  
Legal entities may also have a so-called “right of perpetual use” of land plots, provided such type of title was 
obtained by them prior to the enactment of the Land Code; however, the Federal Law on Introduction of the Land 
Code dated 25 October 2001, with certain exceptions, requires legal entities using land plots on the right of 
perpetual use to purchase or to lease the respective land plot from the relevant federal, regional or municipal 
authority by 1 July 2012. 
The Group’s mining subsidiaries (composing Severstal Resources) generally have a property right to their plots 
or a long-term lease. There are also several land plots in perpetual use that are currently in the process of being 
transferred to long-term lease or to ownership. The Land Code establishes that a lessee of a plot of state or 
municipal land does not generally have priority rights to enter into new land lease agreements, save for the cases 
when a plot of land has been leased without conducting an auction. Any lease agreement for a period of one year 
or more must be registered with the relevant state authorities.  
Environmental Considerations 
The Group is subject to laws, regulations and other legal requirements relating to the protection of the 
environment, including those governing the discharge of substances into the air and water, the management and 
disposal of hazardous substances and waste, the clean-up of contaminated sites, flora and fauna protection and 
wildlife protection. Issues of environmental protection in Russia are regulated primarily by the Federal Law No. 7-
FZ “On Environmental Protection” dated 10 January 2002, as amended (the Environmental Protection Law), as 
well as by a number of other federal and local legal acts. 
Pay-to-pollute. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology, Rosprirodnadzor  and other government agencies 
establish guidelines for setting limits for different types of permissible impact on the environment, including the 
emission, disposal of substances and waste disposal.  
According to the Environmental Protection Law, every entity making a negative impact on the environment or 
disposing of waste is obliged to pay fees calculated by a payer itself on the basis of relevant statutory limits on 
emissions and effluents. The Russian Government has established fees for pollution in excess of these limits which 
may be increased by statutory approved multiples. Starting from 1 January 2020, the highest multiple of up to 100 
for emissions and effluents in excess of statutory limits applies to companies exceeding such pollution limits and 
having a significant negative environmental impact. Fees are assessed on a sliding scale for both the statutory or 
individually approved limits on emissions and effluents and for pollution in excess of these limits: the lowest ratio 
is applied to disposal of waste subject to reutilisation by its producer, intermediate ratio is applied to pollution 
within the statutory limits, enhanced ratio is applied to pollution within the individually approved limits, and the 
highest ratio is applied to pollution exceeding such limits.  
Payments of such fees do not relieve a company of its responsibility to take environmental protection measures 
and undertake restoration and clean-up activities. 
Additionally, the Federal Law No. 195-FZ “On Implementation of Experiment on Pollution Emission Quota 
Allocation and Introduction of Amendments to Separate Legal Acts of the Russian Federation in Part of Reduction 
of Hazardous Air Pollution” dated 26 July 2019, introducing a quota system in relation to pollution emissions for 
a period from 2020 to 2024 in twelve Russian cities, in particular, Bratsk, Krasnoyarsk, Lipetsk, Magnitogorsk, 
Mednogorsk, Nizhny Tagil, Novokuznetsk, Chelyabinsk, Cherepovets and Chita. It is currently expected that

--- Page 144 ---
128 
 
during the first quarter of 2021 the Government of Russia will approve programmes aimed at reducing air pollutant 
emissions in each respective city on the recommendations of local authorities. Companies with facilities that will 
be affected by the experimental quota system shall develop their own programmes for reducing air pollutant 
emissions. In case the company is not able to comply with the quota allocation programme, compensatory 
measures will be triggered. 
Environmental approval. Starting 1 January 2019, production facilities are divided into four categories depending 
on their negative environmental impact. Companies with category I facilities (significant impact) are required to 
obtain a complex environmental approval from Rosprirodnadzor whereas category II facilities (moderate impact) 
only require a declaration of negative impact to be filed with Rosprirodnadzor. No such documents need to be 
obtained or filed in relation to other facilities. Previously obtained environmental approvals are effective until the 
date of their expiry and, until then or until 1 January 2025 (whichever is sooner), no complex approval or 
declaration is required to be obtained or filed. In order to obtain the complex environmental approval, the relevant 
entities are to develop technological emissions standards which comply with the technological standards for the 
best available technologies set out pursuant to the Environmental Protection Law. In the event that the 
technological standards of the facilities do not comply with said standards, a temporary emissions approval has to 
be obtained from Rosprirodnadzor for a period of no longer than seven years, during which the relevant company 
has to modernise its facilities to comply with the best available technologies. As a condition to such approval, a 
plan for the reduction of the emissions or disposals must be developed by the company and cleared with the 
appropriate governmental authority. The Environmental Protection Law also provides for stimuli for companies 
to apply the best available technologies in their category I and II facilities. In particular, from 1 January 2020, 
companies which have implemented the best available technologies are not required to pay any charges for a 
negative impact on the environment within the emissions range set out under technological standards for the best 
available technologies. 
Ecological approval. Certain activities that may affect the environment are subject to state ecological approval 
by federal authorities in accordance with the Federal Law “On Ecological Expert Examination” No. 174-FZ dated 
23 November 1995, as amended. Conducting operations that may cause damage to the environment without state 
ecological approval may result in the negative consequences described in “—Environmental liability”.  
Enforcement authorities. The Federal Service for the Supervision of the Use of Natural Resources, the Federal 
Service for Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision, the Federal Service for Hydrometrology and 
Environmental Monitoring, the Federal Agency on Subsoil Use, the Federal Agency on Forestry and the Federal 
Agency on Water Resources and certain other federal authorities (along with their regional branches) are involved 
in environmental control, implementation and enforcement of relevant laws and regulations. The federal 
government and the Ministry of Natural Resources and Ecology are responsible for coordinating the activities of 
the regulatory authorities in this area. Such regulatory authorities, along with other state authorities, individuals 
and public and non-governmental organisations, also have the right to initiate lawsuits for the compensation of 
damage caused to the environment. The statute of limitations for such lawsuits is 20 years. 
Environmental liability. If the operations of a company violate environmental requirements or cause harm to the 
environment or any individual or legal entity, a court action may be brought to limit or ban these operations and 
require the company to remedy the effects of the violation. Any company or its employees that fail to comply with 
the requirements of applicable environmental laws and regulations may be subject to administrative and/or civil 
liability, while individuals may also be subject to criminal liability. Courts may also impose clean-up obligations 
on violators in lieu of or in addition to imposing fines. 
Subsoil licences generally require certain environmental commitments. Although these commitments can be 
substantial, the penalties for failing to comply and the clean-up requirements are generally low. 
Health and Safety 
Due to the nature of the Group’s business, much of its activity is conducted at industrial sites by large numbers of 
workers, and workplace safety issues are of significant importance to the operation of these sites. 
The principal law regulating industrial safety is the Federal Law No. 116-FZ “On Industrial Safety of Dangerous 
Industrial Facilities” dated 21 July 1997, as amended (the Safety Law). The Safety Law applies, in particular, to 
industrial facilities and sites where certain activities are conducted, including sites where lifting machines and 
high pressure devices are used, where alloys of ferrous and non-ferrous metals flammable, toxic and explosive 
substances are produced, used, stored, processed and transported and where certain types of mining are done. The

--- Page 145 ---
129 
 
Safety Law also contains a comprehensive list of dangerous substances and their permitted concentration, and 
extends to facilities and sites where these substances are used. 
There are also regulations that address safety rules for coal mines, the production and processing of ore, the blast 
furnace industry, steel smelting, alloy production and nickel production. Additional safety rules also apply to 
certain industries, including metallurgical and coke chemical enterprises, and the foundry industry. 
Any construction, reconstruction, liquidation or other activities in relation to regulated industrial sites is subject 
to a state industrial safety review. Any deviation from project documentation in the process of construction, 
reconstruction and liquidation of industrial sites is prohibited unless reviewed by a licensed expert and approved 
by the Federal Service for Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision. 
Companies that operate such industrial facilities and sites have a wide range of obligations under the Safety Law 
and the Labour Code of Russia effective 1 February 2002, as amended (the Labour Code). In particular, they must 
limit access to such sites to qualified specialists, maintain industrial safety controls and carry insurance for 
third-party liability for injuries caused in the course of operating industrial sites. The Safety Law also requires 
these companies to enter into contracts with professional wrecking companies or create their own wrecking 
services in certain cases, conduct personnel training programmes, create systems to cope with and inform the 
Federal Service for Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision of accidents and maintain these 
systems in good working order. 
In certain cases, companies operating industrial sites must also prepare declarations of industrial safety which 
summarise the risks associated with operating a particular industrial site and measures the company has taken and 
will take to mitigate such risks and use the site in accordance with applicable industrial safety requirements. Such 
declaration must be adopted by the chief executive officer of the company, who is personally responsible for the 
completeness and accuracy of the data contained therein. The industrial safety declaration, as well as a state 
industrial safety review, are required for the issuance of a licence permitting the operation of a dangerous industrial 
facility. 
The Federal Service for Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision has broad authority in the field 
of industrial safety. In case of an accident, a special commission led by a representative of the Federal Service for 
Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision conducts a technical investigation of the cause. The 
company operating the hazardous industrial facility where the accident took place bears all costs of an 
investigation. The officials of the Federal Service for Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision 
have the right to access industrial sites and may inspect documents to ensure a company’s compliance with safety 
rules. The Federal Service for Environmental, Technological and Nuclear Supervision may suspend the operations 
of a company or impose administrative fines for non-compliance with industrial safety rules. 
Any company or individual violating industrial safety rules may incur administrative and/or civil liability, and 
individuals may also incur criminal liability. A company that violates safety rules in a way that negatively impacts 
the health of an individual may also be obligated to compensate the individual for lost earnings, as well as health 
related damages. 
Investments in Russian Companies of Strategic Importance 
The Federal Law No. 57-FZ “On the Procedure for Making Foreign Investments in the Companies of Strategic 
Importance for the Defence and Security of the State” dated 24 April 2008, as amended (the Strategic Investments 
Law), establishes certain restrictions for foreign investments into Russian companies which are deemed 
strategically important for the defence and security of the Russian Federation (the Strategic Companies). The 
Strategic Investments Law provides for the list of activities that have strategic importance for the national defence 
and security. This list inter alia includes (a) exploration and production of subsoil of federal land plots and/or the 
exploration and the extraction of minerals from the federal subsoil property and, generally, (b) activities of those 
companies that have a market share in a particular segment in excess of 35 per cent. 
Under the Strategic Investments Law an establishment by foreign entity (or any other person that is a member of 
the group with the participation of a foreign entity) (a Foreign Investor) of direct or indirect control over a 
Strategic Company requires a permit of the Government Commission of Russia. Therefore, inter alia, a direct or 
indirect acquisition by a Foreign Investor of a stake in a Strategic Company which vests an acquirer with right to 
exercise certain percentage of voting rights (ranging from over 5 to over 50 per cent. depending on type of the 
Foreign Investor and type of the Strategic Company) in the charter capital of the Strategic Company, requires 
obtaining a prior permit of the competent state authority. Both, sovereign foreign investors (such as foreign

--- Page 146 ---
130 
 
governments, foreign governmental organisation or international organisations) and Foreign Investors which do 
not disclose information on their beneficiaries or legal entities controlled by any of them are barred from obtaining 
control over a Strategic Company and in particular from acquiring 50 per cent. (or 25 per cent. for certain types 
of Strategic Companies) of the total voting rights in that Strategic Company. If an acquisition of a stake over the 
relevant percentage happens without obtaining such prior permit, the acquisition transaction is void under Russian 
law and the Foreign Investor may be deprived from voting rights which correspond to the stake acquired in the 
Strategic Company. Completion of the transaction without a prior permit of the competent state authority may 
also result in fines imposed on the Foreign Investor. Moreover, in accordance with the amendments to the Federal 
Law No. 160-FZ “On Foreign Investment in the Russian Federation” dated 9 July 1999, as amended (the Foreign 
Investment Law), starting from 30 July 2017, any acquisition by a Foreign Investor of a stake in any Russian 
company (not only a company deemed to be a Strategic Company) may require a prior approval of the Government 
Commission of Russia if the chair of the Government Commission (i.e., the Prime Minister of Russia) decides 
that such transaction may threaten national defence and the state security of Russia.  
Competition and Mergers Control 
Federal Law No. 135-FZ “On the Protection of Competition” dated 26 July 2006, as amended (the Competition 
Law), establishes a merger control regime and requires that the FAS be notified of certain transactions. 
Under the Competition Law, an investor or several entities constituting “a group of entities and/or individuals” 
should apply for the prior consent of the FAS or submit to it a post-completion notification in relation to: 
 
an initial acquisition of more than 25.0 per cent. of the voting shares in a Russian joint stock 
company, or 33.3 per cent. of the participation interest in a Russian limited liability company, 
provided that the acquirer did not have any shares (participation interest) in such company or had 
less than the above threshold before the acquisition; 
 
a subsequent acquisition of the voting shares in a Russian joint stock company or participation 
interests in a Russian limited liability company such that the level of their holding of the company’s 
shares (participation interest) passes the threshold of 50.0 per cent. or 75.0 per cent. of the voting 
shares in a joint stock company or 50.0 per cent. or 66.6 per cent. of the participation interests in a 
limited liability company; 
 
acquisition or lease of production or intangible assets (other than land and non-industrial buildings, 
constructions, premises and parts thereof or constructions in progress) located in Russia if the book 
value of such assets exceeds 20.0 per cent. of the production or intangible assets of the seller 
(transferor); 
 
an acquisition of (direct or indirect) rights to determine the terms of the business of a Russian entity 
(e.g. rights to give binding instructions or control the decision-making process in such entity) or to 
exercise the powers of its executive body; 
 
an acquisition of certain blocks of shares, resulting in the acquirer and its group holding in total over 
50.0 per cent. of the voting shares in a foreign company if its Russian turnover in the preceding year 
exceeded RUB1 billion; and 
 
an acquisition of (direct or indirect) rights to determine the terms of the business of a foreign 
company (through shareholdings, agreements, voting arrangements, rights etc.) if its Russian 
turnover in the preceding year exceeded RUB1 billion. 
A prior FAS clearance for an acquisition is required if (i) either the aggregate balance value of assets of the 
acquirer and the target and the companies of their respective groups exceeds RUB7 billion or the aggregate value 
of revenues of the same entities in the last calendar year exceeds RUB10 billion and, simultaneously, (ii) the 
aggregate value of assets of the target and the companies of its group exceeds RUB400 million. Under the 
Competition Law, a transaction without prior FAS approval or post-notification may be invalidated by a court 
resolution held upon the FAS claim, provided that such transaction has led or may lead to the restriction of 
competition, for example, by strengthening a dominant position in the relevant market. Russian law envisages 
fines to be imposed on the acquirer for completion of the notifiable transaction without the FAS clearance. 
More generally, Russian law provides for civil, administrative and criminal liability for the breach of anti-
monopoly law.

--- Page 147 ---
131 
 
Intra group transfers are subject to merger control. They may be exempt from the prior approval requirement and 
may be subject to post-completion notification if: 
 
an intra group transfer is made to a transferee (a) in which the transferor holds more than 50.0 per 
cent. of voting shares or (b) which holds more than 50.0 per cent. of voting shares in the transferor; 
or 
 
not later than 1 month prior to completion a list of group members is disclosed to the FAS in 
accordance with Article 31 of the Competition Law. The list should specify the grounds for including 
each of the group members in the group. The list submitted to the FAS will be published on the FAS 
website. 
The Competition Law expressly provides for its extraterritorial application to transactions and actions which are 
made outside of Russia between Russian and(or) foreign entities if such transactions or actions relate to production 
and(or) intangible assets located in the territory of Russia or to the shares (participation interests) in, or rights in 
relation to, companies operating in the territory of Russia as well as those of non-Russian entities that, during the 
year preceding the transaction that is subject to merger control, imported to Russia products with a total value in 
excess of RUB1 billion. 
The FAS may rule that even certain companies do not appear on the Register they have a dominant position in the 
market. Such companies are subject to more rigorous governmental regulation including the imposition of price 
controls. Generally, the FAS has ample powers to investigate perceived violations of the Competition Law, has 
become active in policing marketing, sales and supply strategies of major participants of the Russian steel industry 
and has previously brought charges against certain market participants alleging concerted actions in violation of 
the Competition Law. If the Group’s activities are found to be in violation of the Competition Law, the Group 
could be subject to penalties or ordered to change its business operations, see “Risk Factors—Risk Factors 
Relating to Russia—The Group is subject to anti-monopoly laws enforced by the FAS, which may result in certain 
limitations being imposed on the Group’s activities, the violation of which may result in civil, administrative and 
even criminal liability”. 
Employment and Labour 
Labour matters in Russia are primarily governed by the Labour Code. 
Employment contracts. As a general rule, employment contracts for an indefinite term are concluded with all 
employees. Russian labour legislation expressly limits the possibility of entering into term employment contracts. 
However, an employment contract may be entered into for a fixed term of up to five years in certain cases where 
labour relations may not be established for an indefinite term due to the nature of the duties or the conditions of 
the performance of such duties as well as in other cases expressly identified by federal law. 
An employer may terminate an employment contract only on the basis of the specific grounds enumerated in the 
Labour Code, including: 
 
liquidation of the company or downsizing of staff; 
 
failure of the employee to comply with the position’s requirements due to incompetence, confirmed 
by appraisal; 
 
systematic failure of the employee to fulfil his or her duties without a fair excuse if this employee 
was subject to prior disciplinary action and if a warning or reprimand imposed on the employee has 
not been withdrawn by the employer; 
 
any single gross violation by the employee of his or her duties as it is defined in the Labour Code; 
and 
 
provision by the employee of false documents or misleading information prior to entry into the 
employment contract. 
An employee dismissed from a company due to downsizing or liquidation is entitled to receive compensation 
including a severance payment and, depending on the circumstances, average salary payments for a certain period 
of time.

--- Page 148 ---
132 
 
The Labour Code also provides protections for specified categories of employees. For example, except in cases 
of liquidation of a company, an employer cannot dismiss the employees being on a sick-leave, business trip or on 
a holiday and pregnant women. Mothers with a child under the age of three, single mothers with a child under the 
age of 14 or disabled child under the age of 18 or other persons caring for a child under the age of 14 or disabled 
child under the age of 18 without a mother may not be dismissed by the employer unless for guilty actions. 
Dismissal of minors, except for dismissal due to liquidation of a company, requires prior approval by the State 
Labour Inspectorate or by the respective Minor Inspectorate. 
Any termination by an employer that is inconsistent with the Labour Code requirements may be invalidated by a 
court, and the employee may be reinstated. Lawsuits resulting in the reinstatement of illegally dismissed 
employees and the payment of damages for wrongful dismissal are increasingly frequent, and Russian courts tend 
to support employees’ rights in most cases. Where an employee is reinstated by a court, the employer must 
compensate the employee for unpaid average salary for the period between the wrongful termination and 
reinstatement, as well as for mental distress. 
Work time. The Labour Code generally sets the regular working hours at 40 per week. Any time worked beyond 
40 hours per week, as well as work on public holidays and weekends, must be compensated at a higher rate. 
Annual paid vacation leave under the law is generally 28 calendar days. Employees who perform underground 
and open-pit mining works or other work in harmful conditions may be entitled to additional paid vacation ranging 
from 7 to 36 working days. 
Starting from 1 January 2019, the retirement age in Russia is 65 years for men and 60 years for women by 2028. 
At the same time, the retirement age for male miners who have worked in underground mines for at least 10 years, 
and females who have worked in underground mines for at least seven years and six months, is 50 years and 
45 years, respectively. Persons who have worked as miners in open-pit mines and/or underground mines for at 
least 25 years or who have worked for some leading mining professions for at least 20 years may also retire, 
regardless of age. 
Salary. The minimum salary in Russia, as established by federal law, is calculated on a monthly basis and is 
RUB12,792 as at 1 January 2021.   
Strikes. The Labour Code defines a strike as the temporary and voluntary refusal of workers to fulfil their work 
duties with the intention of settling a collective labour dispute. Russian legislation contains several requirements 
for legal strikes. Participation in a legal strike may not be considered by an employer as grounds for terminating 
an employment contract, although employers are generally not required to pay wages to striking employees for 
the duration of the strike. Participation in an illegal strike after it has been determined as illegal may be adequate 
grounds for termination of an employment contract. 
Trade Unions. Although recent Russian labour regulations have curtailed the authority of trade unions, they still 
retain significant influence over employees and, as such, may affect the operations of large industrial companies 
in Russia. In this regard, the Group’s management routinely interacts with trade unions, in particular the Mining 
and Metallurgical Trade Union, in order to ensure the appropriate treatment of employees and the stability of its 
business, see “Business—Russian Steel—Employees”. 
The activities of trade unions are generally governed by the Federal Law No. 10-FZ “On Trade Unions, Their 
Rights and Guaranties of Their Activity” dated 12 January 1996, as amended (the Trade Union Law). Other 
applicable legal acts include the Labour Code of Russia, which provide for more detailed regulations relating to 
activities of trade unions. 
As part of their activities, trade unions may: 
 
negotiate collective contracts and agreements such as those between the trade unions and employers, 
federal, regional and local governmental authorities and other entities; 
 
monitor compliance with labour laws, collective contracts and other agreements; 
 
access work sites and offices, and request information relating to labour issues from the management 
of companies and state and municipal authorities; 
 
represent their members and other employees in individual and collective labour disputes with 
management;

--- Page 149 ---
133 
 
 
participate in strikes; and 
 
monitor redundancy of employees and seek action by municipal authorities to delay or suspend mass 
layoffs. 
Russian laws require that companies cooperate with trade unions and do not interfere with their activities. Trade 
unions and their officers enjoy certain guarantees as well, such as: 
 
legal restrictions as to rendering redundant employees elected or appointed to the management of 
trade unions; 
 
protection from disciplinary punishment or dismissal on the initiative of the employer without prior 
consideration of reasoned opinion of the management of the trade union and, in certain 
circumstances, the consideration of reasoned opinion of the relevant trade union association; 
 
retention of job positions for those employees who stop working due to their election to the 
management of trade unions; 
 
protection from dismissal at the employer’s initiative due to some dismissal grounds for employees 
who previously served in the management of a trade union for two years after the termination of the 
office term; and 
 
provision of the necessary equipment, premises and transportation vehicles by the employer for use 
by the trade union free of charge, if provided for by a collective bargaining contract or other 
agreement. 
If a trade union discovers any violation of work condition requirements, notification is sent to the employer with 
a request to cure the violation and to suspend work if there is an immediate threat to the lives or health of 
employees. The trade union may also apply to state authorities and labour inspectors and prosecutors to ensure 
that an employer does not violate Russian labour laws. Trade unions may also initiate collective labour disputes, 
which may lead to strikes. 
To initiate a collective labour dispute, trade unions should present their demands to the employer. The employer 
is then obliged to consider the demands and notify the trade union of its decision. If the dispute remains 
unresolved, a reconciliation commission attempts to end the dispute. If this proves unsuccessful, collective labour 
disputes are generally referred to mediation or labour arbitration. 
The Trade Union Law provides that those who violate the rights and guaranties provided to trade unions and their 
officers may be subject to disciplinary, administrative and criminal liability. The Code of Administrative 
Delinquencies of Russia of 30 December 2001 specifies that such violations may lead to the imposition of an 
administrative fine or, in certain circumstances, administrative suspension of activities for up to 90 days. Although 
the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation of 13 June 1996 currently has no provisions specifically relating to 
these violations, general provisions and sanctions may be applicable.  
Collective Bargaining Agreements 
The Labour Code provides that a collective bargaining agreement applies to all employees of a company whether 
members or non-members of the trade union. A collective bargaining agreement may be concluded either for the 
company on the whole, or for its branches, representative offices and other structural subdivisions. A collective 
bargaining agreement may be concluded for a term not exceeding three years and may be extended for another 
three years. It is not possible to include in the collective bargaining agreement a provision worsening the 
employees’ standing under the general rule of law, as such provisions would be null and void.  
Trade Barriers and Anti-Dumping Regulations 
Steel producing countries generally view their steel industries as strategically important and therefore requiring 
protection from foreign competition. In addition, the governments of some emerging economies employ non-
market methods to try to protect and develop their steel industries, and, while those governments seek to achieve 
the desired balance in their economies between production levels and product mix and consumption, they may 
resort to protectionist measures against imports from third countries.

--- Page 150 ---
134 
 
Exports of steel from Russia are primarily regulated by the Federal Law No. 164-FZ “On Fundamentals of State 
Regulation of Foreign Trade Activities” dated 8 December 2003 (as amended) and bilateral agreements between 
Russia and its trading partners. Following the establishment of the Eurasian Economic Union, export from and 
import of steel to the Russian Federation are subject to regulation by the Agreement on the Eurasian Economic 
Union and its implementing regulations. In addition, following the Russian Federation's accession to the WTO on 
22 August 2012, exports of steel from the Russian Federation are also subject to the relevant WTO agreements, 
including the Accession Protocol of Russia and the GATT 1994. 
General. In general, the recent trend worldwide has been for the increase of import restrictions and expansion of 
trade investigations. The largest importers of the Group’s products are countries in the EU and North America.  
EU. Russia was granted “market economy” status by the EU in November 2002. Starting from the date of the 
Russian Federation’s formal accession to the WTO, 22 August 2012, Russian steel exporters have been able to 
operate in the European Union market without any formal restrictions. 
In 2019, the European Commission introduced safeguard measures with regards to imports of 28 steel products 
as a part of response to the US trade restrictions on steel products. The purpose of these safeguard measures was 
to remedy or prevent serious injury to the domestic steel industry occurring as a result of increased imports. The 
measures took the form of country-specific tariff-rate quotas for each product category. The size of the tariff-rate 
quotas was determined based on average annual imports between 2015 and 2017 with an additional mark-up of 5 
per cent. The size of the tariff-rate quota should be increased by 5 per cent. The European Commission publishes 
information on the fill rates of the tariff-rate quota. Once the tariff-rate quotas are filled, the EU will levy an 
additional duty of 25 per cent on imports. These measures are expected to remain effective until 30 June 2021. 
The European Steel Association (EUROFER) supports the prolongation of the measures despite the favourable 
conditions in the market. 
On 18 January 2021, the European Commission initiated a partial interim review of the anti-dumping measures 
applicable to the Group’s exports of certain hot-rolled flat products of iron, non-alloy or other alloy steel 
originating in Russia. The review is limited in scope to the examination of the Group’s shipments only. The Group 
believes that the grounds for the review are weak and intends to take part in the proceeding and to protect its 
interests and rights (see “Risk Factors—Risk Factors Relating to the Group and the Steel and Mining Industries—
An increase in existing trade barriers or the imposition of new trade barriers in the Group’s principal export 
markets, including the EU, could cause a significant decrease in the demand for its products in those markets”). 
United States. Russia was granted “market economy” status by the United States with effect from 1 April 2002. 
Russian steel producers, including Severstal Russian Steel, are currently able to sell in the US market hot-rolled 
steel plates in accordance with a suspension agreement which establishes minimum prices without quotas based 
on information about the costs and expenses of Russian exporters. Russian exporters entered into this market 
economy cost-based agreement with the US Department of Commerce on 20 December 2002, replacing the non-
market economy agreement that had been in force since 1997. As far as the Group is aware, it is the only exporter 
from Russia which cooperates with the US Department of Commerce and sells hot-rolled steel plate in the US 
market pursuant to this agreement. 
In 2018, the US President adopted additional import duties for steel and aluminium products with additional 25 per 
cent. duties imposed on the Group’s products. These restrictions are based on an affirmative determination of steel 
and aluminium products imported into US as ones that “threaten to impair national security”.  
Ukraine. The President of Ukraine included the Company into the sanctions list in the decree dated 19 March 
2019 restricting trade operations and prohibiting the Group from managing and using its property in Ukraine and 
withdrawing capital therefrom for three years; Ukraine also applies anti-dumping duties on rebars, wire rod and 
galvanised coils. 
Anti-Dumping and Safeguard Proceedings 
Some of the Group’s products which it exports to foreign markets (including the EU, the Group’s principal export 
market) are subject to various trade barriers. The table below shows certain anti-dumping and safeguard measures, 
in particular anti-dumping duties imposed by various countries and trading blocs against the Group’s products in 
certain regions. 
Anti-Dumping and Safeguard Restrictions against the Group’s Products(1)

--- Page 151 ---
135 
 
State or 
Trading 
Block 
Product 
Anti-
Dumping/Safeguard 
Duty 
Tariff-Rate Quota 
Effective Period 
Europe 
EU 
Cold-rolled steel ...........................................  
34%  
 
2021 
Hot-rolled steel .............................................  
€17.6 per tonne  
 
2022 
28 steel product categories(2) ........................  
25% 
specific tariff-rate 
quota(3) 
2021 
Welded tubes and pipes with external 
diameter not exceeding 168.3 mm ...............  
20.5%  
 
under review 
Ukraine  
Rebar and wire rod .......................................  
15.21% 
 
2023 
Rolled steel with corrosion resistant 
coating ..........................................................  
47.57% 
 
2024 
North and Central America 
United 
States 
Hot-rolled coils and sheets ...........................  
184.56% 
 
2021 
Hot-rolled plates ...........................................  
53.81%  
 
under review(4) 
Steel wire rods ..............................................  
436.8%  
 
2023 
Steel products ...............................................  
25% 
 
unlimited 
Canada 
Heavy plate  ..................................................  
20%  
100,000 tonnes 
2021 
Mexico  
Hot-rolled steel plate in coils (thickness 
4.75-10 mm) .................................................  
29.3% 
 
2021 
Hot-rolled coils (thickness less than 4.75 
mm) ..............................................................  
21% 
 
under review 
Alloy and non-alloy carbon steel plate in 
sheets ............................................................  
36.8% 
 
under review 
Cold-rolled coils ...........................................  
15% 
 
under review 
North Africa and Middle East 
Morocco 
Cold-rolled sheets in coils or cut, and 
plated or coated sheets .................................  
15% 
 
2021 
Wire rods  .....................................................  
additional duty of 
DH 0.55/kg  
146,410 tonnes 
2021 
Reinforcing bars ...........................................  
additional duty of 
DH 0.55/kg 
106,294 tonnes 
2021 
Hot-rolled steel .............................................  
25% 
 
2023 
Steel tubes and pipes ....................................  
25% 
 
2023 
Gulf 
Cooperation 
Council 
PPGI (colour-coated plates) .........................  
US$153 per tonne  
 
2021 
Turkey 
Steel ropes ....................................................  
US$0.5 per kg 
 
2021 
South-East Asia 
Vietnam 
Semi-finished and finished products alloy 
steel products ................................................  
15.3%  
 
2023 
Bars and rods of iron or non-alloy steel .......  
9.4% 
 
2023 
India 
Hot-rolled flat products of alloy or non-
alloy steel in coils .........................................  
 
difference ratio  
between US$489(5) 
 
 
2021 
Hot-rolled flat products of alloy or non-
alloy steel in coils .........................................  
difference ratio  
between US$561(5)  
 
2021 
Indonesia 
Hot-rolled products ......................................  
5.58%  
 
2024 
Thailand 
Flat-rolled products of iron or non-alloy 
steel in coils and not in coils 
 
35.17%  
 
under review 
Pakistan 
Cold-rolled steel products 
 
13.94% 
 
2024 
 
(1) 
As at 29 January 2021. 
(2) 
List of 28 steel product categories is defined in Notice of initiation of a safeguard investigation concerning imports of steel products 
dated 26 March 2018, as amended by extension notice dated 28 June 2018. 
(3) 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2019/159 dated 31 January 2019 imposes a specific tariff-rate quota system based on 
average imports over the last three years. The data on the tariff-rate quota usage can be found at the following web address: 
http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/dds2/taric/quota_consultation.jsp. 
(4) 
The duties are suspended pursuant to the agreement dated 10 December 2002 between the US and the Russian Federation suspending 
the anti-dumping investigation of certain cut-to-length carbon steel plate from the Russian Federation. 
(5) 
The anti-dumping rate is equivalent to the difference between the specified amount and the landed value of the subject goods.

--- Page 152 ---
136 
 
In addition, there are currently ongoing investigations against steel products from Russia and other countries 
which could result in the introduction of anti-dumping duties on such products, thus leading to a loss in 
competitiveness on the affected markets. For example, in May 2019, the Ministry of Industry, Investment, Trade 
and the Digital Economy of Morocco launched safeguard investigation concerning hot-rolled sheet imports at the 
same time as the National Tariff Commission of Pakistan initiated anti-dumping investigations into the alleged 
dumping of flat-rolled products of iron or non-alloy steel, cold-rolled coils, sheets and strips exported from Canada 
and Russia, see “Risk Factors—Risk Factors Relating to the Group and the Steel and Mining Industries—An 
increase in existing trade barriers or the imposition of new trade barriers in the Group’s principal export markets 
could cause a significant decrease in the demand for its products in those markets”.  
The Group, along with other Russian steel producers, continues to participate in those proceedings and reviews 
that it regards as important to its business. The Group intends to continue to participate actively in all inter-
governmental consultations relating to Russian steel exports to the United States, the EU and other international 
markets. 
Regulation of the Steel and Mining Industries in Europe 
Overview 
Steel and mining operations and activities in Europe are extensively regulated at both the national and local level. 
Federal, national, regional, state and local authorities in the EU regulate a variety of matters, including employee 
health and safety; royalties; permitting and licensing requirements; environmental impact assessment, planning 
and development; and environmental compliance (including, for example, compliance with the regulatory regimes 
governing waste and waste water treatment and disposal; waste transportation; emissions and discharges; 
protection of species and habitats; decommissioning, reclamation and restoration of properties used for mining or 
other activities; surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects that mining and other activities have 
on surface and/or groundwater quality and availability).  
Activities and operations involved in the mining and steel production industries generate hazardous and non-
hazardous wastes, effluent and emissions, require waste transportation and treatment, and have other 
environmental impacts which require various environment related permits and approvals to be held or received. 
Licences may also be required for the abstraction of the relevant natural resources. Such permits and licences are 
subject, in certain situations or on the occurrence of certain events, to modification or addition of conditions 
(including monitoring, upgrading, improvement, decommissioning and aftercare requirements), or revocation by 
issuing authorities. The carrying out of such activities and operations is also subject to various restrictions and 
other requirements under environmental, health and safety laws. Violations of health and safety laws relating to a 
mine or a steel factory, or a failure to comply with the instructions of relevant health and safety authorities, may 
result in the temporary or permanent shutdown of steel or mining operations, as well as the imposition of fines, or 
penalties corrective procedures. 
Steel and mining businesses in Europe are also required in many cases to prepare and present to national, regional, 
and/or local authorities information pertaining to the anticipated effect or impact that proposed exploration, mining 
or production activities may have upon the environment. The preparation and presentation of this information in 
many cases requires a substantial commitment of personnel and financial resources. In response to such 
presentations, the national, regional, and/or local authorities are empowered to determine that mining operations 
must be suspended or decommissioned.  
Climate Change 
In December 1997, in Kyoto, Japan, the signatories to the United Nations Convention on Climate Change 
established individual, legally binding targets to limit or reduce greenhouse gas emissions by developed countries 
that have ratified the “Kyoto Protocol”.  The Kyoto Protocol enables the emissions reductions to be achieved by 
a variety of means, including emissions trading and investment in overseas emissions reduction projects.  
In December 2015 at the Paris climate conference, 196 countries adopted the United Nations Framework 
Convention on Climate Change (the “Paris Agreement”).The Paris Agreement's long-term goal is to keep the 
increase in global average temperature to below 2°C above pre-industrial levels; and to limit the increase to 1.5°C, 
since this would substantially reduce the risks and effects of climate change. Under the Paris Agreement, each 
country determines, plans, and regularly reports on the contribution that it undertakes to mitigate global warming.

--- Page 153 ---
137 
 
The Paris Agreement has been signed by 195 states and ratified or otherwise joined by 179 states representing 89 
per cent. of countries contributing to global emissions. Russia is a signatory to the Paris Agreement and 
government officials have indicated Russia’s intent to ratify it by the end of 2019. 
In Europe, greenhouse gas emissions are subject to two different types of regulation, standards, or maximum 
emission regulation and the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). This regime aims at attributing a market-
based cost to pollution, in line with the “polluter pays principle”, through a cap-and-trade system. The EU ETS 
system is the flagship instrument of the EU in the fight against industrial greenhouse gas emissions, and it is seen 
as a model for emissions trading systems around the world.  
A growing number of jurisdictions (over 70 countries as of December 2020) are implementing or planning to 
implement a carbon tax or an emission trading system, and this number is presumed to increase, according to 
countries’ climate pledges.  
In the past, such legislative and research initiatives have involved additional market regulatory measures such as 
emissions trading, switching to cleaner forms of energy and/or introducing emissions curbing technologies.

--- Page 154 ---
138 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY 
The Company’s Charter states in clause 4.1 that the main aim of the Company is to earn profits and use profits in 
the interests of the Company. 
The Company is a public joint stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation and 
domiciled in Cherepovets, Russia. The Company’s registration number is 1023501236901 and its registered 
address is 30 Mira Street, Cherepovets, Vologodskaya Oblast, 162608, Russian Federation. The telephone number 
of the Company’s Moscow office is +7 495 926 7766. 
The Company has not guaranteed any of the Notes that may be issued under the Programme nor are any of the 
Notes an obligation of the Company. Noteholders will have no direct recourse to the Company. For further 
information see “Risk Factors—Noteholders have no direct recourse against the Company”.

--- Page 155 ---
139 
 
THE ISSUER 
GENERAL 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) of unlimited duration that is incorporated, exists 
and operates under the laws of Luxembourg, in compliance with the Companies’ Act 1915, other applicable 
regulations and its Articles of Incorporation. The Issuer was incorporated on 11 May 2006 and is registered with 
the Luxembourg Trade and Companies’ Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés) under registration 
number B 116975. The registered office of the Issuer is 14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. The telephone number of the registered office of the Issuer is +352422229 and its fax 
number is +35 2426443. The Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer have been published in the Mémorial, Journal 
Officiel du Grand Duché de Luxembourg, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations C-No 1522 on 9 August 2006. 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and is operated for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities. 
The Issuer has entered into an administrative services and domiciliation agreement on 12 May 2006, as novated 
in accordance with a Deed of Novation dated 15 July 2018, under which Vistra (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. provides in 
Luxembourg certain domiciliary, management, administrative, accounting and related services in relation to the 
Issuer’s business. 
The Issuer’s share capital, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is €31,000 divided into 310 registered shares 
with a par value €100, each of which is fully paid. 
The Issuer’s Financial Statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative, acting as 
auditor to the Issuer. PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative has its registered office at 2, rue Gerhard 
Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy Luxembourg. 
SHAREHOLDERS 
Stichting Steel Capital Luxembourg, a foundation organised under the laws of the Netherlands owns 309 shares 
in the capital of the Issuer and Stichting Participatie Vistra, a foundation organised under the laws of the 
Netherlands, owns 1 share. 
Stichting Steel Capital Luxembourg is a foundation incorporated in the Netherlands having its registered office at 
Jupiter Building, Herikerbergweg 88, 1101 CM Amsterdam, the Netherlands. It is registered with the 
handelsregister van de Kamers van Koophandel of Amsterdam under number 34247473. The objectives of 
Stichting Steel Capital Luxembourg are, among others, to incorporate, manage and hold shares in the share capital 
of the Issuer and to exercise all rights attached to such shares. 
Stichting Participatie Vistra is a foundation incorporated in the Netherlands, having its registered office at Jupiter 
Building, Herikerbergweg 88, 1101 CM Amsterdam, the Netherlands. It is registered with the handelsregister van 
de Kamers van Koophandel of Amsterdam under number 34148998. The objectives of Stichting Participatie 
Vistra are, among others, to acquire and hold shares in the capital of companies and to take all actions connected 
therewith. 
STATUTES 
Article 4 of the Articles of Incorporation provides that the principal objects of the Issuer are the issue of loan 
participation notes for the purpose of financing loans to PAO Severstal and to its affiliates, the granting of security 
interests over its assets in relation to the issuance of the loan participation notes and the making of deposits at 
banks or with other depositaries. 
The Issuer may further carry out any transaction, whether commercial or financial, which are directly or indirectly 
connected with its corporate object at the exclusion of any banking activity. In general, the Issuer may carry out 
any operation which it may deem useful or necessary to the accomplishment and the development of its corporate 
purpose. 
MANAGEMENT 
The Issuer is managed by its board of directors (the Issuer’s Board of Directors), who are appointed by the 
shareholders. The current directors of the Issuer are as follows:

--- Page 156 ---
140 
 
Name 
Business Address 
Ms. Nicoletta Leone .............................  14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg 
Ms. Agnieszka Katarzyna 
Szczepankiewicz ..............................  14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg 
Mr. Tarvesh Kumar Panchoo ...............  14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg 
The Issuer’s directors do not perform any principal activities outside of the Issuer that are significant with respect 
to the Issuer. 
There are no current or potential conflicts between the private interests and duties of the members of the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors and the duties of those officers to the Issuer. 
OTHER 
The Issuer is not aware of any governmental, legal, or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the last 12 months, which may have, or have 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 157 ---
141 
 
FACILITY AGREEMENT 
The following is the text of the Facility Agreement entered into between the Company and the Issuer as amended 
dated 3 September 2019. In the context of each Loan, the Facility Agreement should be read in conjunction with, 
and is qualified in its entirety by, the relevant Loan Supplement for such Loan. 
This Amended and Restated Facility Agreement is made on 3 September 2019 between:  
(1) 
PAO SEVERSTAL, a public joint stock company established under the laws of the Russian Federation 
whose registered office is Ul. Mira 30, 162608 Cherepovets, Vologda Region, Russian Federation 
(“Severstal”); and 
(2) 
STEEL CAPITAL S.A., a société anonyme incorporated in Luxembourg with limited liability whose 
registered office is at 14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, registered with the Register of 
Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under number B116975 (the “Lender”, which expression, 
where the context so admits, includes any successor Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and 
the Lender acting in its capacity as issuer of the agreed funding). 
Whereas: 
(A) 
Pursuant to an amended and restated facility agreement dated 14 February 2017 (the “Original Facility 
Agreement”) the Lender at the request of Severstal agreed to make available to Severstal a loan facility 
in the maximum amount of U.S.$4,500,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, on the terms and 
subject to the conditions of the Original Facility Agreement, as amended and supplemented in relation to 
each Loan (as defined below) by a loan supplement dated the relevant Closing Date (as defined below) 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 hereto (each, a “Loan Supplement”).  
(B) 
It was intended that, concurrently with the extension of any Loan under this loan facility, the Lender will 
enter into agreed funding in the same nominal amount and bearing the same rate of interest as such Loan. 
(C) 
The parties hereto wish to amend and restate the Original Facility Agreement as set out below. 
Now it is hereby agreed as follows: 
1 
Definitions and Interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
In this Facility Agreement (including the recitals), the following terms shall have the meanings indicated: 
“Account” means an account in the name of the Lender with the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent as 
specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Accounting Standards” means IFRS, U.S. GAAP or any other internationally recognised set of 
accounting standards deemed equivalent to IFRS by the relevant regulators for the time being. 
“Affiliate” of any specified person means (i) any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person or (ii) any other person who 
is a director or officer (a) of such specified person, (b) of any Subsidiary of such specified person or (c) of any 
person described in (i) above. For the purpose of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any person 
means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have 
meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
“Agency” means any agency, authority, central bank, department, government, legislature, minister, 
official or public statutory person (whether autonomous or not) of, or of the government of, any state or supra-
national body. 
“agreed funding” shall mean the Indebtedness (including in the form of securities) that may be incurred 
to the agreed funding source from time to time by the Lender under the Programme, each such series of agreed 
funding corresponding to a Loan and, in relation to a Loan, as defined in the relevant Loan Supplement;

--- Page 158 ---
142 
 
“agreed funding agreements” shall mean any debt instrument or facility or guarantee thereof, trust deed, 
agency agreement or subscription agreement entered into in connection with any agreed funding and any side or 
fee letters ancillary thereto; 
“agreed funding source” shall mean any person to whom the Lender owes any Indebtedness (including 
securities), which Indebtedness was incurred to fund a Loan (including a designated representative or trustee of 
such Person or any assignee or transferee appointed in connection with the agreed funding source); 
“Auditors” means the auditors of Severstal’s consolidated financial statements (prepared in accordance 
with applicable Accounting Standards) for the time being or, if they are unable or unwilling promptly to carry out 
any action requested of them under this Agreement, such other internationally recognised firm of accountants as 
may be approved in writing by the Lender for this purpose. 
“Average Life” means, as of the date of determination, with respect to any Indebtedness, the quotient 
obtained by dividing (1) the sum of the products of the numbers of years from the date of determination to the 
dates of each successive scheduled principal payment of such Indebtedness multiplied by the amount of such 
payment by (2) the sum of all such payments. 
“Base Prospectus” means, unless defined in the relevant Loan Supplement in relation to a Loan, the 
base prospectus relating to the agreed funding dated 9 March 2021. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning set out in the Loan Supplement.  
“Business Centre” has the meaning set out in the Loan Supplement. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
save in relation to Clause 4, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which (a) banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business generally in the relevant place of payment, and (b) 
if on that day a payment is to be made in a Specified Currency other than euro hereunder, where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the Specified Currency, foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the Specified Currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency, and (c) if on that day a payment is to be made in euro hereunder, a 
day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”), and (d) in relation to a 
Loan corresponding to any agreed funding to be sold pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business generally in New York City; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Clause 4, (a) in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for such Specified Currency; and/or (b) in the case of euro, a 
TARGET Business Day; and/or (c) in the case of any Specified Currency where one or more Business 
Centres is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
“Calculation Agent” has the meaning specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning specified in the relevant Loan Supplement.  
“Capital Stock” means, with respect to any person, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights to 
purchase, warrants, options, or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation and any 
and all equivalent ownership interests in a person other than a corporation; in each case whether now outstanding 
or hereafter issued. 
“Closing Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Loan for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Loan 
Supplement, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of

--- Page 159 ---
143 
 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.  
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 160 ---
144 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement: 
(a) 
If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s).

--- Page 161 ---
145 
 
“Disqualified Stock” means, with respect to any person, any Capital Stock which by its terms (or by the 
terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the option of the holder) or 
upon the happening of any event: 
(a) 
matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than redeemable only for Capital Stock of such 
person which is not itself Disqualified Stock) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise; 
(b) 
is convertible or exchangeable at the option of the holder for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock; 
or 
(c) 
is mandatorily redeemable or must be purchased upon the occurrence of certain events or 
otherwise, in whole or in part, 
in each case on or prior to the date which is six months after the Stated Maturity of the agreed funding; provided, 
however, that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof giving 
holders thereof the right to require such person to purchase or redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of 
an “asset sale” or “change of control” occurring prior to the date which is six months after the Stated Maturity of 
the agreed funding shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if: 
(i) 
the “asset sale” or “change of control” provisions applicable to such Capital Stock are 
not more favourable to the holders of such Capital Stock than the terms applicable to the agreed funding 
and described under Clause 10.2; and 
(ii) 
any such requirement only becomes operative after compliance with such terms 
applicable to the agreed funding, including the purchase of any agreed funding tendered pursuant thereto. 
The amount of any Disqualified Stock that does not have a fixed redemption, repayment or repurchase 
price will be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock as if such Disqualified Stock were 
redeemed, repaid or repurchased on any date on which the amount of such Disqualified Stock is to be determined; 
provided, however, that if such Disqualified Stock could not be required to be redeemed, repaid or repurchased at 
the time of such determination, the redemption, repayment or repurchase price will be the book value of such 
Disqualified Stock as reflected in the most recent financial statements of such person.  
“Dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “$” and “U.S.$” means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
“Domestic Relevant Indebtedness” means any Relevant Indebtedness which is not quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or any public or institutional securities market, in each case 
outside the Russian Federation. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means 100% of the principal amount of the Loan to be redeemed plus 
accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to the Redemption Date or such other amount  as may be specified in 
the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Environmental Laws” means all laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees and 
agreements with, and licences, permits or franchises from, governmental entities, and all other regulatory 
restrictions (whether or not having the force of law) in existence at the date of each Loan Agreement that (i) have 
been, are or may become applicable to Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any properties or business 
now owned, leased, occupied or operated by Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries and (ii) relate to the 
environment, health and safety, the use, possession, collection, storage, processing, treatment, emission, release, 
discharge, disposal, transfer or transport of Materials of Environmental Concern, or similar matters, or the 
remedying of any of the foregoing. 
“euro” or “€” means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty of Rome, as amended. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 11.1 hereof. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited or any successor to its ratings business.

--- Page 162 ---
146 
 
“Fixed Amount” has the meaning set out in the Loan Supplement. 
“Fixed Rate Loan” means a Loan specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Floating Rate Loan” means a Loan specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Group” means Severstal and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
“Guarantee” means any financial obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any person directly or indirectly 
guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other person and any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, 
of such person (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such 
Indebtedness or other obligation of such other person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or 
by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay or to maintain financial 
statement conditions or otherwise) or (b) entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of 
such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in 
part); provided, however, that the term “Guarantee” will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in 
the ordinary course of business. The term “Guarantee” used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
“IFRS” means International Financial Reporting Standards (formerly International Accounting 
Standards) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and interpretations issued by the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee of the IASB (as amended, supplemented or re-issued 
from time to time). 
“incur” means issue, assume, Guarantee, incur or otherwise become liable for; provided, however, that 
any Indebtedness or Capital Stock of a person existing at the time such person becomes a Subsidiary (whether by 
merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) or is merged into a Subsidiary will be deemed to be incurred or 
issued by such Subsidiary at the time it becomes or is so merged into a Subsidiary. 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness, in respect of any person for, or in respect of, moneys borrowed 
or raised including, without limitation, any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; any 
amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any 
similar instrument; any amount raised pursuant to any issue of Disqualified Stock; and any amount raised under 
any other transaction having the economic or commercial effect of a borrowing; and, without duplication of any 
of the foregoing, the amount of any liability in respect of any Guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred 
to above. For the avoidance of doubt the following amounts shall not constitute “Indebtedness”: (i) trade accounts 
payable, (ii) advances received from customers, (iii) operating lease liabilities, (iv) amounts payable to employees, 
(v) government grants, (vi) contingent liabilities other than with respect to items of Indebtedness described in the 
preceding sentence and (vii) other accounts payable and advances received, to the extent that such amounts 
described in sub-clauses (i) through (vii) arise in the ordinary course of business. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which in the case of Fixed Rate Loans and unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Loan Supplement shall mean the Fixed Amount or Broken Amount specified in 
respect of any Loan as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which 
such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and  
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Closing Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling both two Business Days in 
London and two Business Days for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if

--- Page 163 ---
147 
 
the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement, or, in 
the event of a prepayment in whole (but not in part) in accordance with Clauses 5.2 or 5.3 the date set for such 
redemption in respect of the Loan.  
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Loan Supplement. 
“Interest Rate Agreement” means any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement or other 
financial agreement or arrangement with respect to exposure to interest rates. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Loan” means each loan to be made pursuant to, and on the terms specified in this Facility Agreement 
and the relevant Loan Supplement, and includes each Fixed Rate Loan and Floating Rate Loan. 
“Loan Agreement” means this Facility Agreement and (unless the context requires otherwise), in 
relation to a Loan, means this Facility Agreement as amended and supplemented by the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Make Whole Amount” means the excess of (a) the present value at such Redemption Date of the Loan, 
plus any required interest payments that would otherwise be due to be paid on such Loan from such Redemption 
Date through to the Repayment Date, together with any accrued and unpaid interest as of such Redemption Date, 
if any, calculated using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate at such Redemption Date plus the number of 
basis points specified as the Make Whole Premium in the relevant Loan Supplement, over (b) the principal amount 
of the Loan, provided that if the value of the Make Whole Amount at any time would otherwise be less than zero, 
then in such circumstances for the purpose of this Loan Agreement, the value of the Make Whole Amount will be 
equal to zero.  
“Margin” has the meaning set out in the Loan Supplement. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, property, 
condition (financial or otherwise) or immediate prospects of Severstal or the Group; (b) Severstal’s ability to 
perform or comply with its obligations under a Loan Agreement or (c) the validity or enforceability of a Loan 
Agreement or the rights or remedies of the Lender thereunder. 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any given time, a Subsidiary of Severstal which: 
(a) 
has gross revenues (excluding intra-group revenues between entities in the Group) for the six 
months period from the date of the most recent published financial statements of Severstal representing 10 per 
cent. or more of the consolidated gross revenues of the Group; or 
(b) 
has total assets representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of the Group, 
in each case calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with Accounting Standards to which the then most 
recent published audited consolidated financial statements of Severstal comply, as consistently applied. 
Compliance with the conditions set out in paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall be determined by reference to the 
latest consolidated annual or, as the case may be, interim financial statements of that Subsidiary prepared in 
accordance with the accounting policies of the Group and the latest consolidated annual or, as the case may be, 
interim financial statements of the Group, provided, however, that a report based on the above criteria by the 
Auditors (if such report is requested by the Lender), that a Subsidiary is, or is not, a Material Subsidiary shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.

--- Page 164 ---
148 
 
“Materials of Environmental Concern” means any toxic, ignitable, corrosive, reactive, radioactive or 
caustic substance, and any other substance considered a pollutant, contaminant or hazardous or potentially 
hazardous substance or waste. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning set out in the Loan Supplement. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning set out in the Loan Supplement. 
“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service Limited or any successor to its ratings business. 
“Notification Time” means the time and date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Officers’ Certificate” means a certificate signed on behalf of Severstal by two officers of Severstal at 
least one of whom shall be the principal executive officer, principal accounting officer or principal financial officer 
of Severstal. 
“Payment Time” means the time and date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
any Security Interests:  
(i) 
existing as at the date of the relevant Loan Agreement; or 
(ii) 
securing Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness existing as 
at the date of the relevant Loan Agreement, provided that such Security Interests are limited to all or part 
of the assets, undertaking, property or revenues that secured the original Relevant Indebtedness and that 
the aggregate principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness secured over such assets does not 
exceed the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of the Relevant Indebtedness being refinanced; (y) 
accrued and unpaid interest on such Refinancing Indebtedness and (z) fees, premiums and other costs 
and expenses incurred in connection with such Refinancing Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any Security Interest created or existing in respect of Domestic Relevant Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness in the form of, or represented 
by, notes, debentures, bonds or other debt securities exchangeable or convertible into Treasury Shares or shares 
in any other company listed on a stock exchange, including American depository receipts and global depository 
receipts or other depository receipts (as the case may be) representing rights in respect of such shares;  
(d) 
any Security Interests in respect of Relevant Indebtedness:  
(i) 
existing on any undertaking, property, assets or revenues of any person at the time such 
person becomes a Subsidiary (as defined below) or such undertaking property, assets or revenues are 
acquired by Severstal or any Subsidiary provided that such Security Interest was not created in 
contemplation of such event and that no such Security Interest shall extend to other undertaking property, 
assets or revenues of such person or the Group; or 
(ii) 
securing Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Relevant Indebtedness specified 
in paragraph (d)(i) above provided that such Security Interests are limited to all or part of the undertaking, 
assets, property or revenues that secured the original Relevant Indebtedness and that the aggregate 
principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness secured over such assets does not exceed the sum of 
(x) the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced; (y) accrued and unpaid interest 
on such Refinancing Indebtedness and (z) fees, premiums and other costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with such Refinancing Indebtedness; or 
(e) 
any Security Interest on the property, income or assets of Severstal or any of its Subsidiaries 
securing Relevant Indebtedness of Severstal or such Subsidiaries incurred in an aggregate principal amount 
outstanding at any one time not to exceed the higher of U.S.$500,000,000 or 20 per cent. of the total consolidated 
assets of the Group (determined by reference to the most recent publicly available consolidated annual or interim 
financial statements of Severstal prepared in accordance with those Accounting Standards to which the then most 
recent published audited consolidated financial statements of Severstal comply as may be adopted from time to 
time by Severstal); or

--- Page 165 ---
149 
 
(f) 
any Security Interest created or existing in respect of any Indebtedness or other obligation or 
liability that is not Relevant Indebtedness; 
“person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any Agency or political subdivision 
thereof or any other entity. 
“Potential Event of Default” means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or after making 
any determination under a Loan Agreement (or any combination of the foregoing) would be, an Event of Default. 
“Principal Trust Deed” means the amended and restated principal trust deed dated 15 March 2013 
between the Issuer and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issuance of agreed funding. 
“Programme Limit” means U.S.$4,500,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, being the 
maximum aggregate principal amount of agreed funding that may be issued and outstanding at any time under the 
Programme as may be increased in accordance with the agreed funding agreements. 
“Put Settlement Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Loan Supplement.  
“Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Rating Agency” means Fitch, Moody's or Standard & Poor's or if Fitch, Moody's or Standard & Poor's 
cease to publish ratings of securities, any other internationally recognised statistical rating organisation. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Refinancing Indebtedness” means Indebtedness that Refinances any Indebtedness of Severstal or any 
Subsidiary of Severstal existing on the relevant Closing Date or incurred in compliance with a Loan Agreement, 
including Indebtedness that Refinances Refinancing Indebtedness; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
such Refinancing Indebtedness has a Stated Maturity no earlier than the Stated Maturity of the 
Indebtedness being Refinanced; 
(b) 
such Refinancing Indebtedness has an Average Life at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness 
is incurred that is equal to or greater than the Average Life of the Indebtedness being Refinanced; 
(c) 
such Refinancing Indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount (or if incurred with original 
issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than the aggregate principal amount (or if incurred 
with original issue discount, the aggregate accreted value) then outstanding (plus accrued interest, fees and 
expenses, including any premium and defeasance costs) under the Indebtedness being Refinanced; and 
(d) 
if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan, such 
Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to such Loan at least to the same extent as the 
Indebtedness being Refinanced. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which: (a)(i) is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other debt instrument (but for the avoidance of doubt, 
excluding term or revolving loans (whether syndicated or unsyndicated), credit facilities, credit agreements and 
other similar facilities and evidence of indebtedness under such loans, facilities or credit agreements other than 
loans specified in (a) (ii) below) which is listed or quoted on any stock exchange or (ii) is in the form of a loan to 
Severstal which is financed by the issuance of any of the foregoing forms of debt in (a)(i) above, where such 
issuance is by a special purpose company or a bank or any other entity and the rights to payment of the holders of 
such forms of debt are limited to payments actually made by Severstal pursuant to such loan; and (b) in the case 
of the debt referred to in (a)(i) above or the debt financing a loan referred to in (a)(ii) above, was initially issued 
and distributed (as to more than 50 per cent. of the original principal amount of such debt) outside the Russian 
Federation; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Loan Supplement.

--- Page 166 ---
150 
 
“Relevant Time” means, in relation to a payment in a Specified Currency, the time in the principal 
financial centre of such Specified Currency and, in relation to a payment in euro, Brussels time. 
“Repayment Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Reserved Rights” has the meaning assigned to such term in the agreed funding agreements. 
“RUR” or “Roubles” means the lawful currency of the Russian Federation. 
“Sale/Leaseback Transaction” means an arrangement relating to property now owned or hereafter 
acquired whereby Severstal or any Material Subsidiary of Severstal transfers such property to a person and 
Severstal or such Material Subsidiary leases it from such person. 
“Same-Day Funds” means funds for payment, in the Specified Currency as the Lender may at any time 
determine to be customary for the settlement of international transactions in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency or, as the case may be, euro funds settled through the TARGET System or such 
other funds for payment in euro as the Lender may at any time reasonably determine to be customary for the 
settlement of international transactions in Brussels of the type contemplated hereby. 
“Screen Rate Determination” has the meaning set out in Clause 4.3 and the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of security interest securing 
any obligation of any person. 
“Severstal Account” means an account in the name of Severstal as specified in the relevant Loan 
Supplement for receipt of Loan funds. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Standard & Poor's” means Standard & Poor's Ratings Service, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc, or any successor to its ratings business. 
“Stated Maturity” means, with respect to any Indebtedness, the date specified in such Indebtedness as 
the fixed date on which the final payment of principal of such Indebtedness is due and payable, including pursuant 
to any mandatory redemption provision (but excluding any provision providing for the repurchase of such 
Indebtedness at the option of the holder or lender thereof upon the happening of any contingency unless such 
contingency has occurred). 
“Subscription Agreement” means the agreement specified as such in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
“Subsidiary” of any specified person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, association or 
other business or entity, whether now existing or hereafter organised or acquired, (a) in the case of a corporation, 
of which more than 50 per cent. of the total voting power of the Voting Stock is held by such first-named person 
and/or any of its Subsidiaries and such first-named person or any of its Subsidiaries has the power to direct the 
management, policies and affairs thereof; or (b) in the case of a partnership, joint venture, association, or other 
business or entity, with respect to which such first-named person or any of its Subsidiaries has the power to direct 
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity by contract or otherwise if (in the case of 
each of (a) and (b)) in accordance with Accounting Principles, as consistently applied, such entity would be fully 
consolidated with the first-named person for financial statement purposes. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET 2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereof.  
“Treasury Rate” means a rate equal to the yield, as published by the Treasury Publisher specified in the 
relevant Loan Supplement, on the actively traded Reference Treasury specified in the relevant Loan Supplement 
with a maturity comparable to the remaining life of the Loan, as selected by the Financial Adviser. If there is no 
such publication of this yield during the week preceding the calculation date, the Treasury Rate will be calculated 
by reference to quotations from selected primary Reference Treasury dealers in the Business Centre specified in 
the relevant Loan Supplement selected by the Financial Adviser. The Treasury Rate will be calculated on the third

--- Page 167 ---
151 
 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business 
generally in the Business Centre specified in the relevant Loan Supplement preceding the Redemption Date. 
“Treasury Shares” means any ordinary shares in the charter capital of Severstal and any American 
Depository Receipts, Global Depository Receipts or other depository receipts (as the case may be) representing 
rights in respect of such shares, as may be owned by Severstal or any of its Subsidiaries.  
“Trustee” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Principal Trust Deed. 
“U.S. GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in the United 
States of America. 
“Voting Stock” means, in relation to any person, Capital Stock entitled (without the need for the 
occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof. 
“Warranty Date” means the date hereof, the date of each Loan Supplement, each Closing Date, each 
date on which the Base Prospectus or any of the agreed funding agreements is amended, supplemented or replaced 
and each date on which the Programme Limit is increased. 
“Wholly Owned Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary all the Capital Stock of which (other than directors’ 
qualifying shares or shares of Subsidiaries required to be owned by third parties under applicable law) is owned 
by Severstal or one or more other Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 
1.2 
Other Definitions 
Unless the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Facility Agreement which are not defined in this 
Facility Agreement but which are defined in, or are defined by cross-reference to definitions in, or other 
provisions of, any agreed funding agreements, shall have the meanings assigned to such terms therein, 
provided that in the case of terms defined or references herein to documents to which Severstal is not a 
party, Severstal has been sent an up-to-date copy of such documents as soon as reasonably practicable 
(including any amendments thereto that may affect the meaning or interpretation of any such term or 
reference). 
1.3 
Interpretation 
Unless the context or the express provisions of this Facility Agreement otherwise require, the following 
shall govern the interpretation of this Facility Agreement: 
1.3.1 
All references to “Clause” or “sub-Clause” are references to a Clause or sub-Clause of this 
Facility Agreement. 
1.3.2 
The terms “hereof”, “herein” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import shall mean the 
relevant Loan Agreement as a whole and not any particular part hereof. 
1.3.3 
Words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa. 
1.3.4 
All references to “taxes” include all present or future taxes, levies, imposts and duties of any 
nature and the terms “tax” and “taxation” shall be construed accordingly. 
1.3.5 
The table of contents and the headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the 
construction hereof. 
1.3.6 
References to “Russia” and “Russian” shall mean the Russian Federation. 
1.3.7 
Any reference herein to a document being in “agreed form” means that the document in question 
has been agreed between the proposed parties thereto, subject to any amendments that such 
parties may agree upon prior to the respective effectiveness date. 
1.3.8 
Unless otherwise stated, whenever an amount in one currency needs to be converted into an 
amount in another currency for the purposes of determining compliance with any provision under 
this Agreement, such calculation shall be determined in good faith on the basis of reasonable 
exchange rates by a responsible financial or accounting officer of Severstal and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, whenever it is necessary thereafter to determine whether Severstal complied with any 
such provision, such determination shall be made on the basis of the conversion rate applied in 
compliance with the foregoing provisions hereof.

--- Page 168 ---
152 
 
1.4 
Amendment and Restatement 
This Agreement amends and restates the Original Facility Agreement. Any Loans made on or after the 
date hereof shall have the benefit of this Agreement. The amendments set out herein do not affect any 
Loans made prior to the date of this Agreement. 
2 
Loans 
2.1 
Loans 
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and, as the case may be, in each Loan 
Supplement, the Lender hereby agrees to make available to Severstal Loans up to the total aggregate 
amount equal to the Programme Limit. 
2.2 
Purpose 
The proceeds of each Loan will be used for general corporate purposes (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Loan Agreement), but the Lender shall not be concerned with the application thereof. 
2.3 
Separate Loans 
It is agreed that with respect to each Loan, all the provisions of this Facility Agreement and the Loan 
Supplement shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to each such Loan and the 
expressions “Account”, “agreed funding”, “Arrangement Fee”, “Closing Date”, “Day Count 
Fraction”, “Interest Payment Date”, “Loan Agreement”, “Rate of Interest”, “Repayment Date”, 
“Specified Currency”, together with all other terms that relate to such a Loan shall be construed as 
referring to those of the particular Loan in question and not of all Loans unless expressly so provided, so 
that each such Loan shall be made pursuant to this Facility Agreement and the relevant Loan Supplement, 
together comprising the Loan Agreement in respect of such Loan and that, unless expressly provided, 
events affecting one Loan shall not affect any other. 
3 
Drawdown 
3.1 
Drawdown 
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and, as the case may be, in each Loan 
Supplement, on the Closing Date thereof the Lender shall make a Loan to Severstal and Severstal shall 
make a single drawing in the full amount of such Loan. 
3.2 
Loan Arrangement Fee 
In consideration of the Lender’s undertaking to make a Loan available to Severstal, Severstal hereby 
agrees that it shall pay to the Lender, in Same-Day Funds, an Arrangement Fee (as defined in the relevant 
Loan Supplement) in connection with inter alia, the arrangement and financing of the relevant Loan, and 
the negotiation, preparation and execution of the relevant Loan Agreement and the other agreed funding 
agreements and other costs connected with and necessary for the provision of such Loan. Severstal shall 
pay the Arrangement Fee promptly following receipt of an invoice from the Issuer providing for the 
amount due. Following payment of the Arrangement Fee to the Lender by Severstal, Severstal and the 
Lender shall enter into and sign a delivery and acceptance act as provided in Clause 6.10. To the extent 
the Arrangement Fee is paid prior to the relevant Closing Date, in the event that following payment of 
the Arrangement Fee by Severstal to the Lender, closing of the issue of any agreed funding does not take 
place in accordance with the relevant agreed funding agreements, the Lender shall return the Arrangement 
Fee to Severstal less certain amounts to be deducted pursuant to arrangements entered into by Severstal 
in respect of the Loan in relation to costs due in such circumstances, within 3 Business Days of the 
determination of such amounts by the Lender (and the Lender shall determine such amounts as soon as 
reasonably practicable). The Arrangement Fee may be paid by Severstal directly to the account of the 
Lender or in full or in part upon the Lender’s instruction to the accounts of contractors under the agreed 
funding agreements executed by the Lender or to the accounts of other persons as specified by the Lender 
in respect of expenses incurred in accordance with this Clause 3.2 (“third parties”). Severstal may pay 
the Arrangement Fee directly to such third parties and prior to making any such payment Severstal shall

--- Page 169 ---
153 
 
be entitled to request from such third parties documents confirming that such third parties are, or, at the 
time of such payment, will be, tax residents of countries that have entered into a double taxation treaty 
with the Russian Federation. In addition, Severstal may (but is not obliged to), independently of the 
Lender, conclude such separate agreements as may be necessary to arrange and fund the relevant Loan. 
In such case, payments under such agreements shall be made by Severstal directly and the corresponding 
expenses shall not be included by the Lender in the calculation of the Arrangement Fee or in a delivery 
and acceptance act specified in Clause 6.10.   
3.3 
Disbursement 
Subject to the conditions set forth herein and, as the case may be, in each Loan Supplement, on each 
Closing Date the Lender shall transfer the amount of the relevant Loan to the Severstal Account specified 
in the relevant Loan Supplement, or such other bank account that is notified in writing to the Lender by 
Severstal at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date, in Same-Day Funds. 
3.4 
Ongoing Fees and Expenses 
In consideration of the Lender establishing and maintaining the Programme and agreeing to make Loans 
to Severstal, Severstal shall pay on demand to the Lender as and when such amounts are due an amount 
equal to all ongoing fees and costs (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include all ongoing costs, 
charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by the Lender in relation to the agreed funding agreements and 
the agreed funding as well as in relation to the maintenance of its good standing). Payments to the Lender 
referred to in this Clause 3.4 shall be made by Severstal promptly following receipt of the relevant invoice 
from the Lender. In addition, following each payment of such fees and expenses to the Lender by 
Severstal, Severstal and the Lender shall enter into and sign a delivery and acceptance act as provided in 
Clause 6.10. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the ongoing fees and expenses referred to in this Clause shall also include all 
expenses incurred by the Lender in the course of the purchase and cancellation of the agreed funding in 
accordance with Clause 5.4. Payment by Severstal of the ongoing fees and expenses may be made directly 
to the Lender’s account or in full or in part upon the Lender’s instruction to the accounts of contractors 
under the agreed funding agreements or to the accounts of such third parties as specified by the Lender 
in respect of expenses incurred in accordance with this Clause 3.4. Severstal may pay the ongoing fees 
and expenses directly to such third parties if, at the time of such payment, it has documents confirming 
that such third parties are located in countries that have entered into a double taxation treaty with the 
Russian Federation. In addition, Severstal may (but is not obliged to) independently, in its own name and 
without the Lender’s involvement, conclude such separate agreements as may be necessary to maintain 
and service the agreed funding. In such case, payments under such agreements shall be made by Severstal 
directly and the corresponding expenses shall not be included by the Lender in the ongoing fees and 
expenses or in a delivery and acceptance act specified in Clause 6.10. 
4 
Interest 
4.1 
Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Loans 
Each Fixed Rate Loan bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the applicable Rate of 
Interest. 
4.2 
Payment of Interest for Fixed Rate Loans 
Interest at the Rate of Interest shall accrue on each Fixed Rate Loan from day to day, starting from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date, to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date and shall be paid in arrear by Severstal to the 
Account not later than the relevant Payment Time prior to each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Clause 4.6.

--- Page 170 ---
154 
 
4.3 
Interest for Floating Rate Loans 
4.3.1 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Loan bears interest on its outstanding principal 
amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and thereafter from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date, to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the applicable Rate of Interest, which interest 
shall be paid in arrear by Severstal to the relevant Account not later than the relevant Payment 
Time prior to each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Clause 4.6. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Loan Supplement as Specified Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Loan Supplement, Interest Payment Date shall mean each 
date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Loan Supplement 
as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
4.3.2 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in the relevant Loan Supplement that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
such subsequent date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
4.3.3 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Loans: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Loans 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Loan 
Supplement and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Loans 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Loan Supplement; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Loan Supplement; 
and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Loan Supplement. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Loans 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,

--- Page 171 ---
155 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London 
time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, only one of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, only one of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Loans is specified in 
the relevant Loan Supplement as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Floating Rate Loans will be determined as provided in the 
relevant Loan Supplement. 
(x) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (a) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub 
paragraph (b) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject 
as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(y) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the 
London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of Severstal and the Lender suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the

--- Page 172 ---
156 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
4.4 
Accrual of Interest  
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Loan on the due date for repayment unless payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at 
the applicable Rate of Interest to, but excluding, the date on which payment in full of the principal thereof 
is made. 
4.5 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding  
4.5.1 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in 
the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with Clause 4.3 above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
4.5.2 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, then 
any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
4.5.3 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to a Loan Agreement (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
4.6 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Loan for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified on such 
Loan, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Loan for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of 
those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated.  
4.7 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to Severstal, the Lender, the agreed 
funding source and the party designated as principal paying agent by the agreed funding agreements and 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of such Floating Rate Loan that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to sub-Clause 4.3.2, the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the 
consent of Severstal and the Lender by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If such Floating Rate Loan becomes due and payable under Clause 11, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Loan shall

--- Page 173 ---
157 
 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Clause but no publication of 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Lender otherwise 
requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
4.8 
Calculation Agent and Determination or Calculation by the agreed funding source 
Severstal shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made 
for them in a Loan Supplement and for so long as any amount remains outstanding under a Loan 
Agreement. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of a Loan, references in the 
relevant Loan Agreement to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the relevant Loan Agreement. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if it does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount in relation to a Floating Rate Loan or 
comply with any other requirement, the Lender and Severstal agree that: 
4.8.1 
the Lender shall (with the prior written approval of Severstal) appoint a leading bank or 
investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place; failing which 
4.8.2 
such determination or calculation may be made by or at the direction of the agreed funding source 
as set out in the conditions of the corresponding agreed funding and such determination or 
calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. The parties 
acknowledge that in doing so, the agreed funding source shall apply or shall have applied the 
foregoing provisions of this sub-Clause 4.8.2, with any necessary consequential amendments, to 
the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner 
as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
Both Severstal and the Lender agree that such successor Calculation Agent will be appointed on the terms 
of the agreed funding agreement in relation to the agreed funding. 
5 
Repayment and Prepayment 
5.1 
Repayment 
Except as otherwise provided herein and in the applicable Loan Supplement, Severstal shall repay each 
Loan not later than the relevant Payment Time prior to the Repayment Date. 
5.2 
Prepayment in the event of Taxes or Increased Costs  
If, as a result of the application of or any amendments or clarification to, or change (including a change 
in interpretation or application) in, or determination under, the double tax treaty between the Russian 
Federation and Luxembourg or the laws or regulations of the Russian Federation or Luxembourg or of 
any political sub-division thereof or any authority therein having power to tax (each, a “Taxing 
Jurisdiction”) or the enforcement of the security provided for in the agreed funding agreements, 
Severstal would thereby be required (i) to increase the payment of principal or interest or any other 
payment due pursuant to a Loan Agreement as provided in Clause 6.2 or 6.3, or if (for whatever reason) 
Severstal would have to or has been required (ii) to pay additional amounts pursuant to Clause 8, and in 
any such case such obligation cannot be avoided by Severstal taking reasonable measures available to it, 
then Severstal may (without premium or penalty), upon not less than 30 days’ notice to the Lender (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), prepay the Loan relating to such Loan Agreement in whole (but not in part) 
on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of a Floating Rate Loan, or at any time, in the case of a Fixed 
Rate Loan. 
No such notice of prepayment shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
Severstal would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or increase such payment if a payment in 
respect of the Loan were then due.

--- Page 174 ---
158 
 
Prior to giving any such notice in the event of an increase in payment pursuant to Clause 6.2, Severstal 
shall deliver to the Lender an Officers’ Certificate confirming that Severstal would be required to increase 
the amount payable, supported by an opinion of an independent tax adviser addressed to the Lender, any 
trustee or representative for the agreed funding source and Severstal. 
5.3 
Prepayment in the event of Illegality 
If, at any time the Lender reasonably determines that it is or would be unlawful or contrary to any 
applicable law or regulation or regulatory requirement or directive of any Agency of any state or 
otherwise for the Lender to allow all or part of the relevant Loan or the corresponding agreed funding 
agreements to remain outstanding or for the Lender to maintain or give effect to any of its obligations in 
connection with the relevant Loan or the agreed funding or the agreed funding agreements relating thereto 
and/or to charge or receive or to be paid interest at the rate then applicable to such Loan (an “Event of 
Illegality”), then upon notice by the Lender to Severstal in writing, Severstal and the Lender shall consult 
in good faith as to a basis which eliminates the application of such Event of Illegality; provided, however, 
that the Lender shall be under no obligation to continue such consultation if a basis has not been 
determined within 30 calendar days of the date on which it so notified Severstal. If such a basis has not 
been determined within the 30 calendar days, then upon written notice by the Lender to Severstal, 
Severstal shall prepay such Loan in whole (but not in part) on the next Interest Payment Date therefor, in 
the case of a Floating Rate Loan, or, in the case of a Fixed Rate Loan, on the next Interest Payment Date 
or on such other date as the Lender (acting reasonably) shall certify to be necessary to comply with such 
requirements. 
5.4 
Reduction of a Loan Upon Cancellation of corresponding agreed funding 
Severstal or any Subsidiary or affiliate of Severstal or any other company acting for the benefit of 
Severstal  may from time to time purchase any agreed funding (or may provide funding to the Lender to 
purchase the agreed funding in the open market, by tender or by private agreement) at any price and on 
such other terms as Severstal may determine. Such agreed funding purchased by Severstal or affiliate of 
Severstal or any other company acting for the benefit of Severstal may be held, reissued or resold. 
Alternatively, Severstal (or any Subsidiary or affiliate of Severstal) may from time to time surrender to 
the Lender for cancellation agreed funding having an aggregate principal value of at least U.S.$1,000,000 
(or its equivalent in a Specified Currency), together with an authorisation addressed to the agent of the 
Lender designated for such purpose (or instruct the Lender to cancel the agreed funding it has purchased 
at request of Severstal), whereupon the Lender shall have the relevant agreed funding cancelled and the 
principal amount of the Loan corresponding to the principal amount of such agreed funding is deemed to 
have been repaid by Severstal for all purposes as of the date of such cancellation and no further payments 
shall be made by Severstal in respect of such amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, each purchase and 
cancellation of agreed funding shall result in the reduction of Severstal’s debt obligations to the Lender 
under the corresponding Loan to the extent of the reduction in the outstanding principal amount of the 
corresponding Loan. 
5.5 
Payment of Other Amounts 
If a Loan is to be prepaid by Severstal pursuant to any of the provisions of Clauses 5.2 or 5.3 or pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement, Severstal shall, simultaneously with such prepayment, pay 
to the Lender, accrued interest on the Loan to the date of actual payment and all other sums payable by 
Severstal pursuant to this Agreement in connection with the prepaid amount. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if the principal amount of such Loan is reduced pursuant to the provisions of Clause 5.4, then no interest 
shall accrue or be payable during the Interest Period in which such reduction takes place in respect of the 
amount by which such Loan is so reduced and Severstal shall not be entitled to any interest in respect of 
the cancelled agreed funding. 
5.6 
Optional Prepayment under Call Option 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, Severstal may, at its option at any time prior 
to the Repayment Date on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ (or such other time periods as 
specified in the relevant Loan Supplement) irrevocable notice to the Lender, in whole or in part, repay 
the Loan at the Early Redemption Amount plus the Make Whole Amount. The notice to be given shall 
specify the date(s) for repayment of the Loan and the date(s) for the redemption of the agreed funding 
(the “Optional Redemption Date(s)”), which, unless otherwise specified, shall be the next following

--- Page 175 ---
159 
 
Business Day after the date for repayment of the Loan. Immediately on receipt of such notice, the Lender 
shall forward it to the agreed funding source and the party designated as principal paying agent by the 
agreed funding agreements. The Loan shall be repaid on the date specified in such notice.  
5.7 
Optional Repayment under Put Option  
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Loan Supplement, following not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ (or such other time periods as specified in the relevant Loan Supplement) notification from the 
Lender, Severstal shall prepay the Loan (without premium or penalty), to the extent of the aggregate 
principal amount of the agreed funding to be extinguished as specified in such notice, at the relevant 
Payment Time on or prior to the Put Settlement Date.  
5.8 
Notices Irrevocable 
Any notice of cancellation or prepayment given under this Clause 5 shall be irrevocable and, unless a 
contrary indication appears in this Facility Agreement, shall specify the date or dates upon which the 
relevant cancellation or prepayment is to be made and the amount of that cancellation or prepayment. 
5.9 
Provisions Exclusive 
Severstal shall not prepay or repay all or any part of any Loan except in accordance with the express 
terms of the relevant Loan Agreement. Any amount prepaid or repaid may not be reborrowed under such 
Loan Agreement. 
6 
Payments 
6.1 
Making of Payments 
All payments of principal, interest and other amounts (other than those in respect of Reserved Rights) to 
be made by Severstal under each Loan Agreement shall be made unconditionally by credit transfer to the 
Lender not later than the relevant Payment Time prior to each Interest Payment Date or the Repayment 
Date (as the case may be) or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Loan Supplement in 
Same-Day Funds to the relevant Account or as the agreed funding source may otherwise direct following 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event.  
Severstal shall, before the relevant Notification Time prior to each Interest Payment Date or the 
Repayment Date or such other date (as the case may be), procure that the bank effecting such payments 
on its behalf confirms to the party designated as principal paying agent by the agreed funding agreements 
by tested telex or authenticated SWIFT the payment instructions relating to such payment.  
The Lender agrees with Severstal that it will not deposit any other monies into such Account and that no 
withdrawals shall be made from such Account other than as provided for and in accordance with the 
relevant agreed funding agreements.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties to any other agreed funding agreement are intended by the parties 
to this Facility Agreement to have the right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce the terms of this Clause 6.1. 
6.2 
No Set-Off, Counterclaim or Withholding; Gross-Up 
All payments to be made by Severstal under each Loan Agreement shall be made in full without set-off 
or counterclaim and (except to the extent required by law) free and clear of and without deduction for or 
on account of any taxes. If Severstal shall be required by applicable law to make any deduction or 
withholding from any payment under a Loan Agreement for or on account of any such taxes, it shall 
increase any payment due under such Loan Agreement to such amount as may be necessary to ensure that 
the Lender receives on the relevant date a net amount in the Specified Currency equal to the full amount 
which it would have received had payment not been made subject to such taxes, shall promptly account 
to the relevant authorities for the relevant amount of such taxes so withheld or deducted and shall deliver 
to the Lender without undue delay customary evidence of such deduction or withholding and of the 
accounting therefor to the relevant taxing authority. If the Lender pays any amount in respect of such

--- Page 176 ---
160 
 
taxes including penalties or interest, Severstal shall reimburse the Lender in the Specified Currency for 
such payment on demand.  
6.3 
Withholding on agreed funding 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 6.2, if the Lender notifies Severstal that it has become 
obliged to make any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the 
power to tax from any payment which it is obliged to make under or in respect of any agreed funding, 
Severstal agrees to pay to the Lender, not later than the relevant Payment Time prior to the date on which 
payment is due to the agreed funding source of such agreed funding in Same-Day Funds to the relevant 
Account, such additional amounts as are equal to the additional amounts which the Lender would be 
required to pay in order that the net amounts received by the agreed funding source, after such withholding 
or deduction, will equal the respective amounts which would have been received by the agreed funding 
source in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that the Lender shall 
immediately upon receipt from any paying agent of the Lender of any reimbursement of the sums paid 
pursuant to this provision, to the extent that the agreed funding source of such agreed funding is not 
entitled to such additional amounts pursuant to the terms and conditions of such agreed funding, pay such 
amounts received by way of such reimbursement to Severstal (it being understood that neither the Lender, 
nor any paying agent of the Lender shall have any obligation to determine whether the agreed funding 
source of such agreed funding is not entitled to any such additional amount).  
Any notification by the Lender to Severstal in connection with this Clause 6.3 shall be given as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Lender becomes aware of any obligation on it to make any such 
withholding or deduction. The Lender shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following request by 
Severstal, provide Severstal with reasonable detail in writing as to the reasons for such withholding or 
deduction. 
6.4 
Reimbursement 
6.4.1 
To the extent that the Lender subsequently obtains or uses any tax credit or allowance or other 
reimbursements relating to a deduction or withholding with respect to which Severstal has made 
a payment pursuant to this Clause 6 it shall pay to Severstal so much of the benefit it received as 
will leave the Lender in substantially the same position as it would have been in had no additional 
amount been required to be paid by Severstal pursuant to this Clause 6; provided, however, that 
the question of whether any such benefit has been received, and accordingly, whether any 
payment should be made to Severstal, the amount of any such payment and the timing of any 
such payment, shall be determined solely by the Lender, provided that the Lender shall notify 
Severstal promptly upon determination that it has received any such benefit. The Lender shall 
have the absolute discretion whether, and in what order and manner, it claims any credits or 
refunds available to it and the Lender shall in no circumstances be obliged to disclose to Severstal 
any information regarding its tax affairs or computations.  
6.4.2 
If as a result of a failure to obtain relief from deduction or withholding of any taxes referred to 
in Clause 6.2, (i) such taxes are deducted or withheld by Severstal and pursuant to Clause 6.2 an 
increased amount is paid by Severstal to the Lender in respect of such deduction or withholding 
and (ii) following the deduction or withholding of taxes as referred to above, Severstal applies 
on behalf of the Lender to the competent taxing authority for a withholding tax refund and such 
withholding tax is refunded or repaid by the relevant taxing authority to the Lender, the Lender 
shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify Severstal of the receipt of such withholding tax 
refund and promptly transfer the actually received amount of the withholding tax refund in the 
currency actually received and less any applicable costs to a bank account of Severstal specified 
for that purpose by Severstal. 
6.5 
Representations of the Lender 
The Lender represents, and on each Warranty Date shall be deemed to represent, that (a) it is a company 
which is a resident of Luxembourg, is subject to taxation in Luxembourg on the basis of its registration 
as a legal entity, location of its board of directors or another similar criterion and it is not subject to 
taxation in Luxembourg merely on income from sources in Luxembourg or connected with property

--- Page 177 ---
161 
 
located in Luxembourg and it will be able to receive certification to this effect from the Luxembourg 
taxing authorities; (b) it does not have a permanent establishment in the Russian Federation; (c) it does 
not have any current intentions to effect, during the term of any Loan, any corporate action or 
reorganisation or change of taxing jurisdiction that would result in the Lender ceasing to be a resident of 
Luxembourg or ceasing to be subject to taxation in Luxembourg; and (d) it is not a holding company 
within the meaning assigned by specific laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg governed by the law 
of 31 July 1929 and the decree of the Grand Duke dated 17 December 1938 (as abrogated by the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg law dated 22 December 2006), nor a company in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
governed by any similar tax law. 
The Lender shall make reasonable and timely efforts to assist Severstal to obtain relief from withholding 
of Russian income tax pursuant to the double taxation treaty between the Russian Federation and 
Luxembourg, including, without limitation, its obligations under Clauses 6.6 and 6.9. The Lender makes 
no representation as to the application or interpretation of any double taxation treaty between the Russian 
Federation and Luxembourg. 
6.6 
Notification and Substitution 
6.6.1 
The Lender agrees upon becoming aware of such, promptly to notify Severstal if it ceases to be 
tax resident in Luxembourg or opens a permanent establishment in Russia or if any of the 
representations set forth in Clause 6.5 are no longer true and correct.  
6.6.2 
If the Lender ceases, as a result of the Lender’s actions, to be tax resident in a jurisdiction for the 
purposes of a double taxation treaty between the Russian Federation and such jurisdiction, and 
such cessation results in Severstal being required to make payments pursuant to Clause 6.2, 
Clause 6.3 or Clause 8 then, except in circumstances where the Lender has ceased to be tax 
resident in such jurisdiction by reason of any change of law (as described in Clause 5.2) 
(including, without limitation, a change in a double taxation treaty or in such law or treaty’s 
application or interpretation), Severstal may require the Lender to seek the substitution of the 
Lender as borrower of the agreed funding and as lender under any Loan. Severstal shall bear all 
costs and expenses relating to or arising out of such substitution. 
6.7 
Evidence of Debt 
The entries made in the relevant Account shall, in the absence of manifest error, constitute conclusive 
evidence of the existence and amounts of Severstal’s obligations to pay amounts thereto, as recorded 
therein. 
6.8 
Mitigation 
If at any time either party hereto becomes aware of circumstances which would or might, then or 
thereafter, give rise to an obligation on the part of Severstal to make any deduction, withholding or 
payment as described in Clauses 6.2 or 6.3, then, without in any way limiting, reducing or otherwise 
qualifying the rights of the Lender or Severstal’s obligations under any of the above mentioned provisions, 
the Lender shall, upon becoming aware of the same, notify Severstal thereof and, in consultation with 
Severstal and to the extent it can lawfully do so and without prejudice to its own position, take all 
reasonable steps to remove such circumstances or mitigate the effects of such circumstances; provided 
that the Lender shall be under no obligation to take any such action if, in its reasonable opinion, to do so 
might reasonably be expected to have any adverse effect upon its business, operations or financial 
condition or might be in breach of any provision of the agreed funding agreements. 
6.9 
Tax Treaty Relief  
The Lender shall at Severstal’s cost, to the extent it is able to do so under applicable law including, without 
limitation, Russian laws, use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and to deliver to Severstal no later 
than 25 Business Days before the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter no later than 25 Business 
Days prior to the first Interest Payment Date in each calendar year, a certificate issued by the competent 
taxing authority in Luxembourg (the “Relevant Tax Jurisdiction”) confirming that the Lender is tax 
resident in such Relevant Tax Jurisdiction and such other information or forms as may need to be duly 
completed and delivered by the Lender to enable Severstal to apply to obtain relief from deduction or 
withholding of Russian taxes after the date of this Facility Agreement or, as the case may be, to apply to

--- Page 178 ---
162 
 
obtain a tax refund if a relief from deduction or withholding of Russian taxes has not been obtained. The 
Lender shall, at the request of Severstal and at Severstal’s cost, to the extent it is able to do so under 
applicable law including, without limitation, Russian laws, from time to time use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain and to deliver to Severstal any other information or additional duly completed 
application forms as may need to be duly completed and delivered by the Lender to enable Severstal to 
apply to obtain relief from deduction or withholding of Russian taxes or, as the case may be, to apply to 
obtain a tax refund if a relief from deduction or withholding of Russian taxes has not been obtained. The 
certificate and, if required, other forms referred to in this Clause 6.9 shall be duly signed by the Lender, 
if applicable, and stamped or otherwise approved by the competent taxing authority in the Relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction, if applicable. Together with any such certificate and, if required, other forms, the Lender 
shall deliver to Severstal a copy of the same, certified by an appropriate notary to be a true and up to date 
copy of the original document. Any such notary’s certificate shall be apostilled or otherwise legalised. If 
a relief from deduction or withholding of Russian taxes under this Clause 6.9 has not been obtained and 
further to an application of Severstal to the relevant Russian taxing authorities the latter requests the 
Lender’s rouble bank account details, the Lender shall at the request of Severstal (a) use its commercially 
reasonable efforts, at Severstal’s cost, to procure that such rouble bank account of the Lender is duly 
opened and maintained, and (b) thereafter furnish Severstal with the details of such rouble bank account. 
Severstal and the Lender (using its best endeavours and in accordance with the law) agree that, should 
the Russian legislation regulating the procedure for obtaining relief from Russian income tax withholding 
or the interpretation thereof by the relevant competent authority change then the procedure referred to in 
this Clause 6.9 will be deemed changed accordingly. 
6.10 
Acts of Acceptance 
In connection with all payments to be made by Severstal under each Loan Agreement, Severstal and the 
Lender shall, within 30 days of such payment becoming due or, if appropriate, such indemnity claim 
having been made, execute a delivery and acceptance act (which Severstal shall prepare) with respect to 
the amounts to be paid by Severstal. Such delivery and acceptance acts shall specify (i) the net amount 
due, (ii) any applicable Russian income tax withholding, (iii) any applicable Russian value added tax and 
(iv) the resulting total amount inclusive of tax. In addition, delivery and acceptance acts (if applicable) 
shall separately specify any amount(s) paid by Severstal pursuant to the Lender’s instruction as part of 
the Arrangement Fee or as part of the ongoing fees and expenses specified in Clause 3.4, to the accounts 
of contractors under agreed funding agreements and to the accounts of such third parties as specified by 
the Lender in respect of expenses incurred in accordance with Clauses 3.2 and 3.4. The execution of a 
delivery and acceptance act shall be considered the Lender’s instruction to Severstal to make payments 
to the specified third parties. 
7 
Conditions Precedent 
The obligation of the Lender to make each Loan shall be subject to the conditions precedent that as of the 
relevant Closing Date, (a) the representations and warranties made and given by Severstal in Clause 9.1 
shall be true and accurate as if made and given on the relevant Closing Date with respect to the facts and 
circumstances then existing, (b) no event shall have occurred that constitutes an Event of Default or a 
Potential Event of Default, (c) the relevant agreed funding agreements shall have been executed and 
delivered, and (d) the Lender shall have received the full amount of the subscription moneys for the 
corresponding agreed funding. 
8 
Change in Law or Increase in Cost 
8.1 
Compensation 
In the event that after the date of a Loan Agreement there is any change in or introduction of any tax, law, 
regulation, regulatory requirement or official directive (whether or not having the force of law but, if not 
having the force of law, the observance of which is in accordance with the generally accepted financial 
practice of financial institutions in the country concerned) or in the interpretation or application thereof 
by any person charged with the administration thereof and/or any compliance by the Lender in respect of 
any Loan Agreement or any Loan with any request, policy or guideline (whether or not having the force 
of law but, if not having the force of law, the observance of which is in accordance with the generally 
accepted financial practice of financial institutions in the country concerned) from or of any central bank 
or other fiscal, monetary or other authority, Agency or any official of any such authority, which:

--- Page 179 ---
163 
 
8.1.1 
subjects or will subject the Lender to any taxes with respect to payments of principal of or interest 
on such Loan or any other amount payable under such Loan Agreement (other than any taxes 
referred to in Clauses 6.2 or 6.3); or 
8.1.2 
increases or will increase the taxation of or changes or will change the basis of taxation of 
payments to the Lender of principal of or interest on such Loan or any other amount payable 
under such Loan Agreement (other than any taxes referred to in Clauses 6.2 or 6.3); or 
8.1.3 
imposes or will impose on the Lender any other condition affecting such Loan Agreement or 
such Loan, 
and if as a result of any of the foregoing: 
(i) 
the cost to the Lender of making, funding or maintaining such Loan is increased; or 
(ii) 
the amount of principal, interest or other amounts payable to or received by the Lender 
under such Loan Agreement is reduced; or 
(iii) 
the Lender makes any payment or foregoes any interest or other return on or calculated 
by reference to the gross amount of any sum receivable by it from Severstal hereunder 
or makes any payment or foregoes any interest or other return on or calculated by 
reference to the gross amount of such Loan,  
then subject to the following, and in each such case: 
(a) 
the Lender shall, as soon as practicable after becoming aware of such increased cost, 
reduced amount or payment made or foregone, give written notice to Severstal, together 
with a certificate describing in reasonable detail the introduction or change or request 
which has occurred and the country or jurisdiction concerned and the nature and date 
thereof and demonstrating the connection between such introduction, change or request 
and such increased cost, reduced amount or payment made or foregone, and all relevant 
supporting documents evidencing the matters set out in such certificate; and 
(b) 
Severstal shall, in the case of sub-Clauses 8.1.3(i) and 8.1.3(iii) above, on demand by 
the Lender, pay to the Lender such additional amount as shall be necessary to 
compensate the Lender for such increased cost, and, in the case of sub-Clause 8.1.3(ii) 
above, at the time the amount so reduced would otherwise have been payable, pay to 
the Lender such additional amount as shall be necessary to compensate the Lender for 
such reduction, payment or foregone interest or other return, provided however, that 
the amount of such increased cost, reduced amount or payment made or foregone shall 
be deemed not to exceed an amount equal to the proportion which is directly 
attributable to such Loan. 
8.2 
Mitigation 
In the event that the Lender becomes entitled to make a claim pursuant to Clause 8.1 then, without in any 
way limiting, reducing or otherwise qualifying the rights of the Lender or Severstal’s obligations under 
the above mentioned provision, the Lender shall, upon becoming aware of the same, notify Severstal 
thereof and, in consultation with Severstal and to the extent it can lawfully do so and without prejudice 
to its own position, take all reasonable steps to remove such circumstances or mitigate the effects of such 
circumstances; provided that the Lender shall be under no obligation to take any such action if, in its 
reasonable opinion, to do so might reasonably be expected to result in a breach of any provision of the 
agreed funding agreements or the agreed funding.

--- Page 180 ---
164 
 
9 
Representations and Warranties 
9.1 
Severstal’s Representations and Warranties 
Severstal represents and warrants to the Lender, and on each Warranty Date shall be deemed to represent 
and warrant to the Lender, in each case with the intent that such shall form the basis of each Loan 
Agreement, that: 
9.1.1 
it and each of its Material Subsidiaries is duly organised and incorporated and validly existing 
under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation and has the power and legal right to 
own its property, to conduct its business as described in the Base Prospectus and in the case of 
Severstal only to enter into and to perform its obligations under each Loan and to borrow Loans 
thereunder; that it has taken all necessary corporate, legal and other action required to authorise 
the borrowing of Loans on the terms and subject to the conditions of each Loan Agreement and 
to authorise the execution and delivery of each Loan Agreement and all other documents to be 
executed and/or delivered by it in connection with each Loan Agreement, and the performance 
of each Loan Agreement in accordance with its respective terms; 
9.1.2 
each Loan Agreement including in relation to a Loan, the Loan Supplement in relation thereto, 
has been duly executed and delivered by and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of 
Severstal enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
moratorium and other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, 
(i) to general principles of equity (ii) to the fact that the gross-up provisions contained in Clauses 
6.2 or 6.3 may not be enforceable under Russian law and (iii) with respect to the enforceability 
of a judgment, to the laws of the relevant jurisdiction where such judgment must be enforced and 
whether there is a treaty in force relating to the mutual recognition of foreign judgments; 
9.1.3 
the execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Agreement by Severstal, including in 
relation to a Loan, the Loan Supplement in relation thereto, will not conflict with or result in any 
breach or violation of (i) any law or regulation or any order of any governmental, judicial or 
public body or authority in the Russian Federation, (ii) the constitutive documents, rules and 
regulations of Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or (iii) any agreement or other 
undertaking or instrument to which Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries is a party or 
which is binding upon Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any of their respective 
assets (except in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) where such breach or violation does not have a 
Material Adverse Effect), nor result in the creation or imposition of any Security Interests (other 
than Permitted Security Interests) on any of their respective assets pursuant to the provisions of 
any such agreement or other undertaking or instrument; 
9.1.4 
all consents, licences, notifications, authorisations or approvals of, or filings with, any 
governmental, judicial and public bodies and authorities of the Russian Federation required by 
Severstal in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, legality, validity, 
enforceability, and admissibility in evidence of each Loan Agreement have been obtained or 
effected and are and, in relation to a Loan, shall remain up to and including the relevant Closing 
Date, in full force and effect; 
9.1.5 
no event has occurred that constitutes an Event of Default, a Potential Event of Default or a 
default under any agreement or instrument evidencing any Indebtedness of Severstal or any 
Material Subsidiary (unless such default does not have a Material Adverse Effect), and no such 
event will occur upon the making of each Loan; 
9.1.6 
save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there are no judicial, arbitral or administrative actions, 
proceedings or claims (including, but without limitation to, with respect to taxes) which have 
been commenced or are pending or, to the knowledge of Severstal, threatened, against Severstal 
or any of its Subsidiaries, the adverse determination of which could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect; 
9.1.7 
Severstal and each of its Material Subsidiaries has good title to its property  (except, in each case, 
where the failure to so have would not have a Material Adverse Effect) free and clear of all 
Security Interests (except for Permitted Security Interests) and Severstal’s obligations under each

--- Page 181 ---
165 
 
Loan rank at least pari passu with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated Relevant 
Indebtedness, save those whose claims are preferred by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation 
or similar laws of general application; 
9.1.8 
save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, since the date of the last published audited financial 
statements of the Group, neither it nor any of its Material Subsidiaries has made any loans, 
granted any credit (save in the ordinary course of business) or given any Guarantee or indemnity 
(save in the ordinary course of business) to or for the benefit of any person (other than another 
member of the Group) or otherwise assumed any liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect 
of any obligation of any person (other than another member of the Group), which loans, credits, 
Guarantees or indemnities are material to the Group; 
9.1.9 
save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change since the 
date of the last published audited financial statements of the Group in the condition (financial or 
otherwise), results of business, operations or immediate prospects of Severstal or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or on Severstal’s ability to perform its obligations under each Loan 
Agreement; 
9.1.10 the execution, delivery and enforceability of each Loan Agreement is not subject to any tax, duty, 
fee or other charge, including, but without limitation to, any registration or transfer tax, stamp 
duty or similar levy, imposed by or within the Russian Federation or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein (other than state duty paid on any claim, petition or other 
application filed with a Russian court); 
9.1.11 neither Severstal nor any Material Subsidiary nor their respective property has any right of 
immunity from suit, execution, attachment or other legal process on the grounds of sovereignty 
or otherwise in respect of any action or proceeding relating in any way to each Loan Agreement; 
9.1.12 Severstal and each Material Subsidiary is in compliance with all applicable provisions of law, 
except where a failure to do so does not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect; 
9.1.13 save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there are no strikes or other employment disputes 
against Severstal or any Material Subsidiary which have been started or are pending or, to the 
knowledge of Severstal, threatened, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect; 
9.1.14 in any proceedings taken in the Russian Federation in relation to each Loan Agreement, the 
choice of English law as the governing law of each Loan Agreement and any arbitration award 
obtained in England in relation thereto will be recognised and enforced in the Russian Federation 
after compliance with the applicable procedural rules and subject to all other legal requirements 
in Russia; 
9.1.15 subject to the performance by the relevant parties of the relevant established procedures in 
connection with the obtaining of an applicable withholding tax exemption for payments 
hereunder, no withholding in respect of any taxes is required to be made from any payment by 
Severstal under each Loan Agreement (save for VAT that may be payable with respect to the 
reimbursement of costs and expenses); 
9.1.16 all licences, consents, examinations, clearances, filings, registrations and authorisations which 
are or may be necessary to enable Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries to own their 
respective assets and carry on their respective businesses as described in the Base Prospectus are 
in full force and effect, except for those an absence of which do not and would not have a Material 
Adverse Effect; 
9.1.17 save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, Severstal and its Material Subsidiaries (i) have, duly 
complied with, and have operated, used and only permitted the use of all properties and 
businesses owned, leased, occupied or operated by them in compliance with, all Environmental 
Laws, unless a failure to do so does not and would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) after 
due inquiry, are not aware and have no reason to suspect that any property or business now 
owned, leased, occupied or operated by them is or may be contaminated by, or is adjacent to any

--- Page 182 ---
166 
 
property that may be contaminated by, or used in connection with, any Material of Environmental 
Concern where this has or would have a Material Adverse Effect or that any such property or 
business was used or operated by any prior owner, lessee, occupant or operator or other third 
party (with or without permission) in any way that constituted or is now capable of constituting 
a violation of any provision of any Environmental Law that has or would have a Material Adverse 
Effect, (iii) have not received any notice of any material violation or alleged material violation 
of any provision of any Environmental Law for which they may be held responsible and (iv) to 
the best of Severstal’s knowledge, have no obligations with which they are not complying or 
liabilities, contingent or absolute, relating to the use, possession, collection, storage, processing, 
treatment, emission, release, discharge, disposal, transfer or transport of Materials of 
Environmental Concern, or the remediation of any of the foregoing, except in each case where 
such non-compliance or liability does not and would not have a Material Adverse Effect; 
9.1.18 it is subject to civil and commercial law with respect to its obligations under each Loan 
Agreement, and its execution of each Loan Agreement constitutes, and its exercise of its rights 
and performance of its obligations thereunder will constitute, private and commercial acts done 
and performed for private and commercial purposes; and 
9.1.19 Severstal and each Material Subsidiary has no overdue tax liabilities other than those which (i) 
have been disclosed in the Base Prospectus, (ii) Severstal or the relevant Material Subsidiary (as 
the case may be) is contesting in good faith and by appropriate proceedings or(iii) the failure to 
pay or discharge will not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
9.2 
Lender’s Representations and Warranties 
The Lender represents and warrants to Severstal, and on each Warranty Date shall be deemed to represent 
and warrant to Severstal, as follows: 
9.2.1 
the Lender is duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of and is resident for 
Luxembourg taxation purposes in Luxembourg and has full power and capacity to execute this 
Facility Agreement, each Loan Agreement, including in relation to each Loan, the relevant Loan 
Supplement, and the agreed funding agreements and to undertake and perform the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it herein and therein and the Lender has taken all necessary action 
to approve and authorise the same; 
9.2.2 
the execution of this Facility Agreement, each Loan Agreement, including in relation to each 
Loan, the relevant Loan Supplement, and the agreed funding agreements and the undertaking 
and performance by the Lender of the obligations expressed to be assumed by it herein and 
therein will not conflict with, or result in a breach of or default under, the laws of Luxembourg 
or any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound; 
9.2.3 
this Facility Agreement, each Loan Agreement, including in relation to each Loan, the relevant 
Loan Supplement, and the agreed funding agreements have been duly executed by and constitute 
or, as the case may be, will be before the relevant Closing Date duly executed by and will 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Lender subject to applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, and subject, as to 
enforceability, to general principles of equity;  
9.2.4 
all authorisations, consents and approvals required by the Lender for or in connection with the 
execution of this Facility Agreement, each Loan Agreement, including in relation to each Loan, 
the relevant Loan Supplement, and the agreed funding agreements and the performance by the 
Lender of the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it herein and therein have been obtained 
and are in full force and effect; 
9.2.5 
it (i) is a company which at the date hereof is a resident of Luxembourg in the sense of the double 
taxation treaty between Russia and Luxembourg; and in particular is subject to taxation in 
Luxembourg on the basis of its registration as a legal entity, location of its management body or 
another similar criterion and it is not subject to taxation in Luxembourg merely on income from 
sources in Luxembourg or connected with property located in Luxembourg, (ii) does not have 
any current intentions to effect during the term of any Loans any corporate action or 
reorganisation or change of its tax jurisdiction that would result in the Lender ceasing to be a tax 
resident of Luxembourg in the sense of the double taxation treaty between Russia and

--- Page 183 ---
167 
 
Luxembourg and be subjected to taxation in Luxembourg and (iii) will be able to obtain a 
certificate confirming its tax residence in Luxembourg from the Luxembourg tax authorities for 
the purposes of the double taxation treaty between Russia and Luxembourg; 
9.2.6 
it does not have a permanent establishment in Russia, in particular, it: 
(i) 
does not have a branch, representation, division, bureau, office, agency or any other 
economically autonomous subdivision or other place of business in any country other 
than Luxembourg through which its business is wholly or partially carried out; 
(ii) 
did not explicitly grant any authority to and is not aware of an implied authority for 
Severstal or any other person located outside Luxembourg to negotiate key parameters 
of any contracts or sign any contracts on behalf of the Lender, bind the Lender in any 
contracts by other means or otherwise represent the Lender in dealings with third parties; 
(iii) 
has its central management and control in Luxembourg. The Lender’s place of effective 
management is only in Luxembourg. The Lender will have its statutory seat in 
Luxembourg and will be effectively managed in Luxembourg; and 
(iv) 
has and will have only directors that reside professionally in Luxembourg and shall at 
all times act independently and exercise their authority only from and within 
Luxembourg by taking all key decisions relating to the Lender in Luxembourg; 
9.2.7 
it will fully account for the Notes and the Loans on its balance sheet; and 
9.2.8 
it is not a holding company within the meaning assigned by the specific laws of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg governed by the law of 31 July 1929 and the decree of the Grand Duke dated 17 
December 1938 (as repealed by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg law dated 22 December 2006), 
nor a company in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg governed by any similar tax law. 
10 
Covenants 
So long as any amount remains outstanding under a Loan Agreement: 
10.1 
Negative Pledge 
Severstal shall not, and shall not permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create 
or permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any 
part of its respective undertaking, property, assets or revenues, present or future, to secure for the benefit 
of the holders of any Relevant Indebtedness: 
(i) 
payment of any sum due in respect of any such Relevant Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any payment under any guarantee of any such Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
any payment under any indemnity or other like obligation relating to any such Relevant 
Indebtedness, 
without in any such case at the same time or prior thereto procuring that the relevant Loan is secured at 
least equally and rateably with such Relevant Indebtedness for so long as such Relevant Indebtedness is 
so secured. 
10.2 
Mergers 
(i) Severstal shall not enter into any reorganisation (by way of a merger, accession, division, separation 
or transformation, or other bases or procedures for reorganisation contemplated or as may be 
contemplated from time to time by Russian legislation, as these terms are construed by applicable Russian 
legislation), and (ii) Severstal shall ensure that, without the prior written consent of the Lender, no 
Material Subsidiary (A) enters into any reorganisation (whether by way of a merger, accession, division, 
separation or transformation as these terms are construed by applicable Russian legislation), or (B) in the 
case of a Material Subsidiary incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Russia participates in any type of 
corporate reconstruction or other analogous event (as determined under the legislation of the relevant

--- Page 184 ---
168 
 
jurisdiction) if (in the case of either (i) or (ii) above) any such reorganisation or other type of corporate 
reconstruction is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, unless, in the case of (i) above, 
Severstal is a surviving entity. 
This Clause 10.2 shall not apply to any reorganisation, any type of corporate reconstruction or other 
analogous event in which any Subsidiary of Severstal consolidates with, accedes to, merges into or 
transfers all or part of its assets to Severstal or any other Subsidiary of Severstal. 
10.3 
Withholding Tax Exemption 
Severstal shall give to the Lender all the assistance it reasonably requires to ensure that, prior to the first 
interest payment and at the beginning of each calendar year, the Lender can provide Severstal with the 
documents required under Russian laws for the relief of the Lender from Russian withholding tax in 
respect of payments hereunder. 
10.4 
Financial Information 
10.4.1 Severstal shall deliver to the Lender within 180 days after the end of each of its financial years, 
copies of its audited consolidated financial statements for such financial year, prepared in 
accordance with applicable Accounting Standards consistently applied. 
10.4.2 Severstal shall deliver to the Lender within 150 days after the end of the first half-year of each 
of its financial years, copies of its unaudited consolidated financial statements for that half-year, 
prepared in accordance with applicable Accounting Standards consistently applied. 
10.4.3 Severstal shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, deliver to the Lender, without undue 
delay, such additional information regarding the financial position or the business of Severstal 
and its Subsidiaries as the Lender may reasonably request, including a certificate upon request 
by the Lender as to the amount of the agreed funding purchased but not cancelled by Severstal 
(or any Subsidiary of Severstal) and retained by it for its own account or the account of any other 
company.  
10.4.4 Severstal shall from time to time, on the request of the Lender and without undue delay, furnish 
the Lender with such information about the business and financial condition of Severstal and its 
Subsidiaries as the Lender may reasonably request for regulatory compliance purposes, provided 
that any such request from the Lender shall specify the relevant regulation on the basis of which 
it is made, and provided further that Severstal may furnish the information under this sub-Clause 
10.4.4 in the format used to provide similar information under or in connection with this Facility 
Agreement, unless the Lender certifies that a different format is specified by the relevant 
regulator.  
10.5 
Certificates 
Severstal shall deliver to the Lender within 20 days of any written request by the Lender: (i) an Officers’ 
Certificate as to any fact or matter prima facie within the knowledge of Severstal, as sufficient evidence 
thereof and (ii) a like certificate to the effect that any particular dealing or transaction or step or thing is, 
in the opinion of the person so certifying, expedient as sufficient evidence that it is expedient.  
10.6 
Compliance with Terms of Trust Deed 
The Lender agrees that it will observe and comply with its obligations set out in the Principal Trust Deed 
and will not agree to any amendment to the terms of the Principal Trust Deed without prior consultation 
with Severstal and, with regard to any amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or Provisions 
for Meetings of the Noteholders as set out in schedules 3 and 5 to the Principal Trust Deed, respectively, 
without the prior written consent of Severstal. In addition, the Lender agrees that it will only exercise its 
power to appoint a new Trustee pursuant to Clause 28 of the Principal Trust Deed with the prior written 
consent of Severstal (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

--- Page 185 ---
169 
 
10.7 
Lender’s Shareholders and Directors 
The Lender shall notify Severstal of any modification after the date of this Agreement to the identity or 
shareholding of its direct and indirect shareholders (including ultimate beneficial owners) and directors 
within five Business Days following any such modification having occurred. 
11 
Events of Default 
11.1 
Events of Default 
If one or more of the following events of default (each, an “Event of Default”) shall occur, the Lender 
shall be entitled to the remedies set forth in Clause 11.3: 
11.1.1 Severstal fails to pay any amount payable under a Loan Agreement as and when such amount 
becomes payable in the currency and in the manner specified therein, provided such failure to 
pay continues for more than five Business Days. 
11.1.2 Severstal fails to perform or observe any covenant or agreement contained in a Loan Agreement 
to be performed or observed by it, provided such failure continues for more than 30 Business 
Days.  
11.1.3 Either: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid at its Stated 
Maturity (after the expiry of any applicable grace period); or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its Stated Maturity otherwise 
than at the option of Severstal or (as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary 
or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any person 
entitled to such Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph 
(ii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds U.S.$150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies). 
11.1.4 The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any of Severstal, or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries seeking or consenting to the introduction of proceedings for its liquidation or the 
appointment of a liquidation commissioner (likvidatsionnaya komissiya) or a similar officer of 
any of Severstal, or any of its Material Subsidiaries as the case may be, other than in connection 
with solvent reorganisations which is not otherwise expressly prohibited by this Agreement; (ii) 
the presentation or filing of a petition in respect of any of Severstal or its Material Subsidiaries 
in any court, arbitration court or before any Agency alleging, or for, the bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution, liquidation (or any analogous proceedings) of any of Severstal or its Material 
Subsidiaries, unless such petition is demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Lender to 
be vexatious or frivolous or such petition is being contested in good faith and discharged or 
dismissed within 30 days of its presentation; (iii) the institution of the supervision 
(nablyudeniye), financial rehabilitation (finansovoye ozdorovlenie), external management 
(vneshneye upravleniye), bankruptcy management (konkursnoye proizvodstvo) over Severstal or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries, (iv) the entry by Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
into, or the agreeing by Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries to enter into, amicable 
settlement (mirovoe soglashenie) with its creditors, as such terms are defined in the Federal Law 
of Russia No. 127-FZ “On Insolvency (Bankruptcy)” dated 26 October, 2002 (as amended or 
replaced from time to time); and/or (v) other than in connection with solvent reorganisations 
which is not otherwise expressly prohibited by this Agreement, any judicial liquidation in respect 
of Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries.  
11.1.5 Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they 
fall due, generally suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or 
anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations generally with its creditors with a view 
to rescheduling all or substantially all of its Indebtedness; and/or a moratorium is declared in 
respect of any Indebtedness of any of Severstal or its Material Subsidiaries if such moratorium 
has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect.

--- Page 186 ---
170 
 
11.1.6 Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, execution or distress is levied against, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of or sells, the whole or any material part of, the property, 
undertaking, revenues or assets of Severstal or any of its Material Subsidiaries which is not 
removed, satisfied, stayed, dismissed or otherwise discharged within 60 days of being levied or 
taking possession, as the case may be.  
11.1.7 Any governmental or Agency authorisation necessary for the performance of any obligation of 
Severstal under a Loan Agreement fails to be in full force and effect and such failure continues 
for more than 30 Business Days. 
11.1.8 Any government, Agency or court takes any action that has a Material Adverse Effect. 
11.1.9 The shareholders of Severstal shall have approved any plan of liquidation or dissolution of 
Severstal. 
11.1.10 Any unsatisfied judgment, decree or order of a court or other appropriate law-enforcement body 
for the payment of money against Severstal and other Material Subsidiaries has not within 120 
days of the entry thereof been appealed, discharged, waived or the execution thereof stayed and 
has, on its own or when taken together with any other such unsatisfied judgments, decrees or 
orders, a Material Adverse Effect. 
11.1.11 At any time it is or becomes unlawful for Severstal to perform or comply with any or all of its 
obligations under a Loan Agreement or any of such obligations (subject as provided in sub-
Clause 9.1.3) are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable and any such event 
under this sub-Clause 11.1.11 remains unremedied for more than 30 Business Days. 
11.1.12 Severstal repudiates a Loan Agreement or the agreed funding agreements to which it is a party 
or evidences an intention to repudiate a Loan Agreement or the agreed funding agreements to 
which it is a party. 
11.1.13 Any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in sub-Clauses 11.1.4, 11.1.5, 11.1.6, 11.1.9, 11.1.10, 11.1.11 and 
11.1.12, subject in each case to the same thresholds and cure periods as set out in the applicable 
Clauses. 
11.2 
Notice of Default 
Severstal shall deliver to the Lender within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in the 
form of an Officers’ Certificate of any event which is a Potential Event of Default or an Event of Default, 
its status and what action Severstal is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. 
11.3 
Default Remedies 
If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Lender may, by notice to Severstal, (a) declare 
the obligations of the Lender under the relevant Loan Agreement to be terminated, whereupon such 
obligations shall terminate, and (b) declare all amounts payable under such Loan Agreement by Severstal 
that would otherwise be due after the date of such termination to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon all such amounts shall become immediately due and payable, all without diligence, 
presentment, demand of payment, protest or notice of any kind, which are expressly waived by Severstal; 
provided, however, that if any event of any kind referred to in sub-Clauses 11.1.4 or 11.1.5 occurs, the 
obligations of the Lender hereunder shall immediately terminate, and all amounts payable hereunder by 
Severstal that would otherwise be due after the occurrence of such event shall become immediately due 
and payable, all without diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest or notice of any kind, which 
are expressly waived by Severstal. 
11.4 
Right of Set-off 
If any amount payable by Severstal under a Loan Agreement is not paid as and when due, Severstal 
authorises the Lender to proceed, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, without prior notice, 
by right of set-off, banker’s lien, counterclaim or otherwise, against any assets of Severstal in any

--- Page 187 ---
171 
 
currency that may at any time be in the possession of the Lender, at any branch or office, to the full extent 
of all amounts payable to the Lender under such Loan Agreement. 
11.5 
Rights Not Exclusive 
The rights provided for in each Loan Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights, 
powers, privileges or remedies provided by law. 
12 
Indemnity 
12.1 
Indemnification 
Severstal undertakes to the Lender, that if the Lender or any of its Affiliates, each director, officer, 
employee or agent of the Lender and each person controlling the Lender within the meaning of the United 
States securities laws (each an “indemnified party”) incurs any loss, liability, cost, fee, claim, charge, 
expense (including without limitation taxes, legal fees, costs and expenses), demand or damage (a “Loss”) 
as a result of or in connection with a Loan, this Facility Agreement (or enforcement thereof), and/or the 
issue, constitution, sale, listing and/or enforcement of the corresponding agreed funding and/or the 
corresponding agreed funding being outstanding, Severstal shall pay to the Lender on demand an amount 
equal to such Loss and all costs, fees, charges and expenses which it or any indemnified party may pay 
or incur in connection with investigating, disputing or defending any such action or claim as such costs, 
fees, charges and expenses are incurred unless such Loss was either caused by such indemnified party’s 
negligence or wilful misconduct or arises out of a breach of the representations and warranties of the 
Lender contained in this Facility Agreement or in the agreed funding agreements. The Lender shall not 
have any duty or obligation whether as fiduciary or trustee for any indemnified party or otherwise, to 
recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it under this Clause. 
12.2 
Independent Obligation 
Clause 12.1 constitutes a separate and independent obligation of Severstal from its other obligations under 
or in connection with each Loan Agreement or any other obligations of Severstal in connection with the 
issue of the agreed funding by the Lender and shall not affect, or be construed to affect, any other 
provision of any Loan Agreement or any such other obligations. 
12.3 
Evidence of Loss 
A certificate of the Lender setting forth the amount of losses, expenses and liabilities described in Clause 
12.1 and specifying in full detail the basis therefor shall (in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive 
evidence of the amount of such losses, expenses and liabilities. 
12.4 
Currency Indemnity 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the obligation of Severstal in respect of any amount due in the 
Specified Currency under each Loan Agreement shall, notwithstanding any payment in any other 
currency (whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise), be discharged only to the extent of the amount 
in the Specified Currency that the party entitled to receive such payment may, acting reasonably in 
accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase with the sum paid in such other currency (after 
any premium and costs of exchange) on the Business Day immediately following the day on which such 
party receives such payment. If the amount in the Specified Currency that may be so purchased for any 
reason falls short of the amount originally due, Severstal hereby agrees to indemnify the Lender against 
any such deficiency in the Specified Currency. Any obligation of Severstal not discharged by payment in 
the Specified Currency shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be due as a separate and 
independent obligation and, until discharged as provided in the relevant Loan Agreement, shall continue 
in full force and effect. 
13 
Survival 
The obligations of Severstal pursuant to sub-Clauses 6.2, 6.3 and 12 shall survive the execution and 
delivery of each Loan Agreement and the drawdown and repayment of the Loan, in each case by 
Severstal.

--- Page 188 ---
172 
 
14 
General 
14.1 
Stamp Duties 
14.1.1 Severstal shall pay all stamp, registration and documentary taxes or similar charges (if any) 
imposed by any person in the Russian Federation or Luxembourg which may be payable or 
determined to be payable in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement, 
or admissibility into evidence of any Loan Agreement and shall indemnify the Lender against 
any and all costs and expenses which may be incurred or suffered by the Lender with respect to, 
or resulting from, delay or failure to pay such taxes or similar charges. 
14.1.2 Severstal agrees that if the Lender incurs a liability to pay any stamp, registration and 
documentary taxes or similar charges (if any) imposed by any person in the Russian Federation 
or Luxembourg which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the 
execution, delivery, performance, enforcement, or admissibility into evidence of any Loan 
Agreement and any documents related thereto as well as the corresponding agreed funding, 
Severstal shall reimburse the Lender on demand an amount equal to such stamp or other 
documentary taxes or duties and shall indemnify on demand the Lender against any and all costs 
and expenses which may be incurred or suffered by the Lender with respect to, or resulting from, 
delay or failure by Severstal to procure the payment of such taxes or similar charges. 
14.2 
Waivers 
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Lender or Severstal, any right, power 
or privilege under any Loan Agreement and no course of dealing between Severstal and the Lender shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The 
rights and remedies in each Loan Agreement provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or 
remedies provided by applicable law. 
14.3 
Prescription 
In the event that any agreed funding becomes void pursuant to the conditions of such agreed funding, the 
Lender shall forthwith repay to Severstal the principal amount of such agreed funding subject to the 
Lender having previously received from Severstal a corresponding amount in respect of principal 
pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement. 
15 
Notices 
All notices, requests, demands, invoices, acts of acceptance or other communications to or upon the 
respective parties to each Loan Agreement shall be given or made in the English language by letter or 
electronic communication: 
15.1.1 in the case of Severstal, to it at: 
2 Klary Tsetkin Street 
127299 Moscow 
Russia 
Email: 
 
irina.bobrysheva@severstal.com; elena.petrenko@severstal.com; 
veronika.kondruseva@severstal.com 
Attention:  
Irina Bobrysheva; Elena Petrenko; Veronika Kondruseva 
15.1.2 in the case of the Lender, to it at: 
Steel Capital S.A.  
14, rue Edward Steichen 
L-2540 Luxembourg 
Email: 
 
corporateservices.lu@vistra.com  
Attention:  
The Directors

--- Page 189 ---
173 
 
or to such other postal address or electronic address as any party may hereafter specify in writing to the 
other. 
Communications will take effect, in the case of a letter, when delivered, or, in the case of an electronic 
communication when the relevant receipt of such communication being read is given, or where no read 
receipt is requested by the sender, at the time of sending, provided that no delivery failure notification is 
received by the sender within 24 hours of sending such communication; provided that any communication 
which is received (or deemed to take effect in accordance with the foregoing) after 5:00pm on a business 
day or on a non-business day in the place of receipt shall be deemed to take effect at the opening of 
business on the next following business day in such place. Any communication delivered to any party 
under this Agreement which is to be sent by electronic communication will be written legal evidence. 
16 
Assignment 
16.1 
General 
Each Loan Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties, their respective 
successors and any permitted assignee or transferee of some or all of a party’s rights or obligations under 
such Loan Agreement. Any reference in a Loan Agreement to any party shall be construed accordingly 
and, in particular, references to the exercise of any rights, benefits and discretions by, or the making of 
any determinations (including forming an opinion) by, and the delivery of notices or other information 
to, the Lender, following notification to Severstal of the assignment referred to in Clause 16.3, shall be 
references to the exercise of such rights, benefits or discretions by or on behalf of, or the making of any 
determinations (including forming an opinion) by, and the delivery of notices or other information to, the 
agreed funding source, or any assignee or transferee appointed in connection with the agreed funding 
source, without regard to the Lender.  
16.2 
By Severstal 
Severstal shall not be entitled to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, any of its rights and benefits or 
obligations under any Loan Agreement to any other person. 
16.3 
By the Lender 
Subject to the provisions of the any agreed funding agreement, the Lender may not assign or transfer, in 
whole or in part, any of its rights and benefits or obligations under any Loan Agreement other than the 
Reserved Rights except (i) the charge by way of charge granted by the Lender to or on behalf of the 
agreed funding source of certain of the Lender’s rights and benefits under such Loan Agreement and (ii) 
the absolute assignment by the Lender to or on behalf of the agreed funding source of certain rights, 
interests and benefits under such Loan Agreement, in each case, pursuant to the agreed funding 
agreement.  
17 
Law and Jurisdiction 
17.1 
Choice of Law 
This Facility Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England.  
17.2 
Arbitration 
17.2.1 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Facility Agreement or any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with it (including a dispute regarding the existence, 
validity or termination of this Facility Agreement) (a “Dispute”) shall be referred to and finally 
resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules (the “Rules”) of the London Court of 
International Arbitration (“LCIA”) (such arbitration to also be administered by the LCIA in 
accordance with the Rules). 
17.2.2 Any provision of such Rules relating to the nationality of an arbitrator shall, to that extent, not 
apply.

--- Page 190 ---
174 
 
17.2.3 The arbitral tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators. The claimant(s), irrespective of number, 
shall nominate jointly one arbitrator; the respondent(s), irrespective of number, shall nominate 
jointly the second arbitrator; and a third arbitrator, who shall serve as Chairman, shall be selected 
by the two party nominated arbitrators. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Facility 
Agreement agree for the purpose of Article 8.1 of the Rules, that the claimant(s), irrespective of 
number, and the respondent(s), irrespective of number, constitute two separate sides for the 
formation of the arbitral tribunal. 
17.2.4 In the event that the claimant(s) fail to nominate an arbitrator in accordance with the Rules, such 
arbitrator shall be nominated by the LCIA Court as soon as possible, preferably within 15 days 
of such failure. In the event that the respondent(s) or both the claimant(s) and the respondent(s) 
fail to nominate an arbitrator within the time limits specified in the Rules, all three arbitrators 
shall be nominated and appointed by the LCIA Court as soon as possible, preferably within 15 
days of such failure, and such arbitrators shall then designate one amongst them as chairman. 
17.2.5 The seat of arbitration shall be London, England and the language of the arbitration shall be 
English. 
17.2.6 Where Disputes arise under a Loan Agreement and any other agreed funding agreement which, 
in the reasonable opinion of the first arbitral tribunal to be appointed in any of the Disputes, are 
so closely connected that it is expedient for them to be resolved in the same proceedings, that 
arbitral tribunal shall have the power to order that the proceedings to resolve that Dispute shall 
be consolidated with those to resolve any of the other disputes (whether or not proceedings to 
resolve those other Disputes have yet been instituted), provided that no date for the hearing on 
the merits of the Dispute in the first arbitration has been fixed. If the first arbitral tribunal so 
orders, the parties to each Dispute which is a subject of its order shall be treated as having 
consented to that Dispute being finally decided: 
(i) 
by the arbitral tribunal that ordered the consolidation unless the LCIA Court decides that 
any member of such tribunal would not be suitable or impartial; and 
(ii) 
in accordance with the procedure, at the seat and in the language specified in the 
arbitration agreement in this Facility Agreement or the agreed funding agreement under 
which the arbitral tribunal that ordered the consolidation was appointed, save as 
otherwise agreed by all parties to the consolidated proceedings or, in the absence of such 
agreement, ordered by the arbitral tribunal in the consolidated proceedings. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties to any other agreed funding agreement are intended by 
the parties to this Facility Agreement to have the right under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999 to enforce the terms of this sub-Clause 17.2.6. 
17.3 
Consent to enforcement etc 
Severstal and the Issuer consent generally in respect of any arbitration proceedings to the giving of any 
relief or the issue of any process in connection with the enforcement of such proceedings including 
(without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective 
of its use or intended use) of any order or judgement which is made or given in such proceedings. 
18 
Severability 
In case any provision in or obligation under this Facility Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or 
obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected 
or impaired thereby. 
19 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
A person who is not a party to this Facility Agreement has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Facility Agreement except to the extent expressly provided 
herein, including in Clause 6.1 and sub-Clause 17.2.6.

--- Page 191 ---
175 
 
20 
Language 
The language which governs the interpretation of this Facility Agreement is the English language. This 
Facility Agreement will be signed in the English language and may be translated into Russian and signed 
in the Russian language. In the event of any discrepancies between the English and Russian versions of 
any such Loan Agreement or any dispute regarding the interpretation of any provision in the English or 
Russian versions of any such Loan Agreement, the English version of any such Loan Agreement shall 
prevail and questions of interpretation shall be addressed solely in the English language. 
21 
Amendments 
Except as otherwise provided by its terms, each Loan Agreement may not be varied except by an 
agreement in writing signed by the parties hereto. 
22 
Counterparts 
Each Loan Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in 
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which 
when so executed shall constitute one and the same binding agreement between the parties.

--- Page 192 ---
176 
 
IN WITNESS whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Facility Agreement to be executed on the date first 
written above. 
 
For and on behalf of PAO SEVERSTAL: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of STEEL CAPITAL S.A.: 
 
 
By:  
 
Name:  
Title:

--- Page 193 ---
177 
 
Schedule 1 
Form of Loan Supplement 
[DATE] 
 
 
PAO Severstal 
 
and 
Steel Capital S.A. 
 
LOAN SUPPLEMENT 
to be read in conjunction with a Facility Agreement dated 3 September 2019 
in respect of 
a Loan of [] 
Series [●]

--- Page 194 ---
178 
 
This Loan Supplement is made on [SIGNING DATE] between: 
(1) 
PAO SEVERSTAL, a public joint stock company established under the laws of the Russian Federation 
whose registered office is Ul. Mira 30, 162608 Cherepovets, Vologda Region, Russian Federation 
(“Severstal”); and 
(2) 
STEEL CAPITAL S.A., a société anonyme incorporated in Luxembourg with limited liability whose 
registered office is at 14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, registered with the Register of 
Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under number B116975 (the “Lender”). 
Whereas: 
(A) 
Severstal has entered into an amended and restated facility agreement dated 3 September 2019 (the 
“Facility Agreement”) with the Lender in respect of Severstal’s U.S.$4,500,000,000 Programme for the 
Issuance of agreed funding (the “Programme”). 
(B) 
Severstal proposes to borrow [] (the “Loan”) and the Lender wishes to make such Loan on the terms set 
out in the Facility Agreement and this Loan Supplement. 
It is agreed as follows: 
1 
Definitions 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Loan Supplement shall have the meaning given to them in 
the Facility Agreement save to the extent supplemented or modified herein.  
2 
Additional Definitions 
For the purpose of this Loan Supplement, the following expressions used in the Facility Agreement shall 
have the following meanings: 
“Account” means the account in the name of the Lender with the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent 
(account number [], [●]); 
“Base Prospectus” means [●]; 
[“Business Centre” means [●];] 
[“Calculation Agent” means [●];] 
“Calculation Amount” means [●]; 
“Closing Date” means [●]; 
[“Early Redemption Amount” means [●] per [●] amount of the Loan, plus accrued interest, if any, to 
the Redemption Date;] 
[“Financial Adviser” means [●];] 
“Loan Agreement” means the Facility Agreement as amended and supplemented by this Loan 
Supplement; 
[“Make Whole Premium” means [●] basis points;] 
“Notification Time” means 10 a.m. (Relevant Time) [●] Business Days [which for U.S.$, € and £ shall 
be two Business Days and for ¥ and RUR shall be three Business Days]; 
“Payment Time” means [●] a.m./p.m. (Relevant Time) [●] Business Day[s] [which for U.S.$, € and £ 
shall be one Business Day and for ¥ and RUR shall be two Business Days]; 
[“Put Settlement Date” means [●];] 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest in respect of the Loan, as set forth in Clause 4.2 below; 
[“Redemption Date” means such date as Severstal will repay Loan pursuant to the exercise of its call 
option;]

--- Page 195 ---
179 
 
[“Reference Banks” means [●];] 
[“Reference Treasury” means [●];] 
“Repayment Date” means [●] [amend as required for Floating Rate Loans]; 
“Severstal Account” means the account in the name of Severstal (account number [][FURTHER 
DETAILS]);  
“Specified Currency” means [●][;and] 
[“Treasury Publisher” means [●].] 
3 
Incorporation by Reference 
Except as otherwise provided, the terms of the Facility Agreement shall apply to this Loan Supplement 
as if they were set out herein and the Facility Agreement shall be read and construed, only in relation to 
the Loan constituted hereby, as one document with this Loan Supplement. 
4 
The Loan 
4.1 
Drawdown 
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, the Lender agrees to make the Loan on the 
Closing Date to Severstal and Severstal shall make a single drawing in the full amount of the Loan on 
that date. 
4.2 
Interest 
The Loan is a [Fixed Rate][Floating Rate] Loan. Interest shall be calculated, and the following terms used 
in the Facility Agreement shall have the meanings, as set out below: 
4.2.1 
Fixed Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
 
 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year. [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Closing Date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon – 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
4.2.2 
Floating Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 196 ---
180 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR]  
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
4.2.3 
Put/Call Options  
[Put Option/Call Option/Not Applicable] 
5 
Fees and Expenses 
Pursuant to Clause 3.2 of the Facility Agreement and in consideration of the Lender making the Loan to 
Severstal, Severstal hereby agrees that it shall, promptly upon the receipt of an invoice from the Lender, 
pay to the Lender, in Same-Day Funds, the total amount of [●], being the “Arrangement Fee” in respect 
of the Loan, representing the reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with 
such Loan, increased by front-end fees, commissions and expense, which shall include the amount of all 
of the commissions, fees, costs and expenses as set forth in the agreed funding agreements and Clause 
3.2 of the Facility Agreement pursuant to an invoice submitted by the Lender to Severstal in the total 
amount. The Arrangement Fee may be paid by Severstal directly to the account of the Lender or in full 
or in part upon the Lender’s instruction to the accounts of contractors under the agreed funding 
agreements executed by the Lender or to the accounts of other persons as specified by the Lender in

--- Page 197 ---
181 
 
respect of expenses incurred in accordance with Clause 3.2 of the Facility Agreement (“third parties”). 
Severstal may pay the Arrangement Fee directly to such third parties and prior to making any such 
payment Severstal shall be entitled to request from such third parties documents confirming that such 
third parties are, or, at the time of such payment, will be, tax residents of countries that have entered into 
a double taxation treaty with the Russian Federation. In addition, Severstal may (but is not obliged to), 
independently of the Lender, conclude such separate agreements as may be necessary to arrange and fund 
the Loan. In such case, payments under such agreements shall be made by Severstal directly and the 
corresponding expenses shall not be included by the Lender in the calculation of the Arrangement Fee or 
in a delivery and acceptance act specified in Clause 6.10 of the Facility Agreement. 
6 
Governing Law 
This Loan Supplement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Other provisions of Clause 17 of the 
Facility Agreement shall apply to this Loan Supplement mutatis mutandis. 
This Loan Supplement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning.

--- Page 198 ---
182 
 
IN WITNESS whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Loan Supplement to be executed on the date first 
written above. 
 
PAO SEVERSTAL 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STEEL CAPITAL S.A. 
By:  
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Authorised Signatory 
 
 
Authorised Signatory

--- Page 199 ---
183 
 
Schedule 2 
Form of Officers’ Certificate 
 
To:  
Steel Capital S.A. 
From: 
PAO Severstal 
Dated: [●] 
Dear Sirs 
PAO Severstal – Amended and Restated Facility Agreement dated 3 September 2019 (the “Facility 
Agreement”) 
1 
We refer to the Facility Agreement. Terms defined therein shall have the same meaning herein. 
2 
This is an Officers’ Certificate for the purposes of Clause 10.5 of the Facility Agreement. 
3 
We confirm that the following Subsidiaries are Material Subsidiaries: 
[specify relevant Subsidiaries] 
4 
We confirm that no Potential Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred1. 
for and on behalf of PAO Severstal 
 
Signed: 
 
 
 
 
[principal executive officer/ principal 
accounting officer/ principal financial 
officer] of PAO Severstal 
 
[officer]  
of  
PAO Severstal 
 
 
                                                          
1 
If this statement cannot be made, the certificate should identify any Default or Event of Default that is 
continuing and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.

--- Page 200 ---
184 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which contain summaries of certain provisions 
of the Trust Deed, and which (subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant 
Final Terms) will be endorsed on the Definitive Certificates (as defined in “Summary of the provisions relating 
to the Notes in Global Form”), if issued, and (subject to the provisions thereof) apply to the Global Certificates 
representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented 
or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non- applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such 
Definitive Certificates. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Trust Deed and Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the 
Definitive Certificates. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a supplemental trust deed dated the Issue 
Date specified hereon (the “Supplemental Trust Deed”) supplemental to an amended and restated trust deed (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Principal Trust Deed”) dated 15 March 2013, each made 
between Steel Capital S.A. (the “Issuer”) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the “Trustee”, which expression 
shall include any trustee or trustees for the time being under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the holders of the Notes 
(the “Noteholders”). The Principal Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed as modified from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions therein contained and any deed or other document expressed to be supplemental 
thereto, as from time to time so modified, are together referred to as the “Trust Deed”. 
The Issuer has authorised the creation, issue and sale of the Notes for the sole purpose of financing a loan (in 
respect of the loan funded by the Notes, the “Loan”) as specified hereon to PAO Severstal (“Severstal”). The 
Issuer and Severstal have recorded the terms of the Loan in an amended and restated facility agreement (the 
“Facility Agreement”) dated 3 September 2019, as supplemented on the Issue Date specified hereon by a loan 
supplement (the “Loan Supplement” and, together with the Facility Agreement, the “Loan Agreement”) each 
between the Issuer and Severstal. In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if 
any) are stated hereon or in the Trust Deed to be payable in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer to 
make any such payment shall constitute an obligation only to account to the Noteholders on each date upon which 
such amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are due in respect of the Notes, for an amount 
equivalent to sums of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of 
the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement, less any amounts in respect of the Reserved Rights (as defined below). 
Noteholders must therefore rely solely and exclusively on the covenant to pay under the Loan Agreement and the 
credit and financial standing of Severstal. Noteholders shall have no recourse (direct or indirect) to any other 
assets of the Issuer. None of the Noteholders, the Trustee or the other creditors (nor any other person acting on 
behalf of any of them) shall be entitled at any time to institute against the Issuer, or join in any institution against 
the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, administration, moratorium, reorganisation, controlled management, arrangement, 
insolvency, winding-up or liquidation proceedings or similar insolvency proceedings under any applicable 
bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligation of the Issuer relating to the Notes or otherwise owed 
to the creditors or the Trustee for so long as the Notes are outstanding, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation 
of the Issuer which is initiated by another party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to 
the obligations of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has charged by way of first fixed charge in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders as 
security for its payment obligations in respect of the Notes and under the Trust Deed (a) all principal, interest and 
other amounts payable by Severstal to the Issuer as lender under the Loan Agreement, (b) the right to receive all 
sums which may be or become payable by Severstal under any claim, award or judgment relating to the Loan 
Agreement and (c) all the rights, title and interest in and to all sums of money now or in the future deposited in an 
account with Citibank, N.A., London Branch, in the name of the Issuer (the “Account”) and debts represented 
thereby, including interest from time to time earned on the Account (other than any rights and benefits constituting 
Reserved Rights and amounts relating to the Reserved Rights (as defined in the Trust Deed)) (the “Charge”) and 
has assigned absolutely certain other rights under the Loan Agreement to the Trustee (the “Assignment” and 
together with the Charge, the “Security Interests”). 
“Reserved Rights” are the rights excluded from the Charge, being all and any rights, interests and benefits of the 
Issuer in respect of the obligations of Severstal under Clauses 3.2, 3.4, 5.3 (other than the right to receive any 
amount payable under such Clause), 6.2 (to the extent that Severstal shall reimburse the Issuer on demand for any 
amount paid by the Issuer in respect of Russian Federation taxes, penalties or interest), 6.3 (only to the extent that 
the Issuer has received amounts to which the Noteholders are not entitled), 8, 12.1-12.3 and 14.1 (to the extent

--- Page 201 ---
185 
 
that Severstal shall reimburse the Issuer for any amount paid by the Issuer in respect of such taxes, charges or 
costs) of the Facility Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, Clause 6.4 of the Facility Agreement. 
In certain circumstances, the Trustee can (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction) be required by Noteholders holding at least one quarter of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders to exercise certain 
of its powers under the Trust Deed (including those arising under the Security Interests). 
The Notes have the benefit of, and payments in respect of the Notes will be made (subject to the receipt of the 
relevant funds from Severstal) pursuant to, an amended and restated paying agency agreement (the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 15 March 2013 and made between the Issuer, Severstal, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, Citibank, N.A., New York Branch and Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG. Citibank N.A., 
London Branch will act as principal paying and transfer agent (the “Principal Paying and Transfer Agent” and 
a “Paying Agent”), a transfer agent (a “Transfer Agent”), calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”), 
Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG will act as registrar (“Registrar”). Citibank, N.A., New York Branch 
will act as United States paying agent (the “US Paying Agent” and a “Paying Agent”) and a transfer agent (a 
“Transfer Agent”). 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Loan Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the principal office of the Trustee being, at the date 
hereof, at 6th floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent and at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
Certain provisions of these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries or restatements of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, the Final Terms, the Loan Agreement (the form of which 
is scheduled to and incorporated in the Trust Deed) and the Agency Agreement. Noteholders are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions thereof. 
All capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions have the meanings given to 
them in the Trust Deed. 
1 
Status 
The sole purpose of the issue of the Notes is to provide the funds for the Issuer to finance the Loan. The Notes 
constitute the obligation of the Issuer to apply the proceeds from the issue of the Notes solely for financing the 
Loan and to account to the Noteholders for an amount equivalent to sums of principal, interest and additional 
amounts (if any) actually received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement, less any 
amount in respect of Reserved Rights. 
The Trust Deed provides that payments in respect of the Notes equivalent to the sums actually received by or for 
the account of the Issuer by way of principal, interest or additional amounts (if any) pursuant to the Loan 
Agreement, less any amounts in respect of the Reserved Rights, will be made pro rata among all Noteholders, on 
the date of, and in the currency of, and subject to the conditions attaching to, the equivalent payment pursuant to 
the Loan Agreement. The Issuer shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of the Notes other than as 
expressly provided hereon and in the Trust Deed. As provided therein, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be 
under any obligation to exercise in favour of the Noteholders any rights of set-off, counterclaim or of banker’s 
lien or to combine accounts or counterclaim that may arise out of other transactions between the Issuer and 
Severstal. 
Noteholders have notice of, and have accepted, these Terms and Conditions, the Final Terms and the contents of 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Loan Agreement. It is hereby expressly provided, and Noteholders 
are deemed to have accepted, that: 
1.1 
neither the Issuer nor the Trustee makes any representation or warranty in respect of, or shall at any time 
have any responsibility for, or, save as otherwise expressly provided in the Trust Deed or in paragraph 1.6 
below, liability or obligation in respect of the performance and observance by Severstal of its obligations 
under the Loan Agreement or the recoverability of any sum of principal or interest (or any additional 
amounts) due or to become due from Severstal under the Loan Agreement; 
1.2 
neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall at any time have any responsibility for, or obligation or liability 
in respect of, the financial condition, creditworthiness, affairs, status or nature of Severstal;

--- Page 202 ---
186 
 
1.3 
neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall at any time be liable for any representation or warranty or any act, 
default or omission of Severstal under or in respect of the Loan Agreement; 
1.4 
neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall at any time have any responsibility for, or liability or obligation 
in respect of, the performance and observance by the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent, any of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrars or the Transfer Agents, of their respective obligations under the Agency 
Agreement; 
1.5 
the financial servicing and performance of the terms of the Notes depend solely and exclusively upon 
performance by Severstal of its obligations under the Loan Agreement and its covenant to make payments 
under the Loan Agreement and its credit and financial standing. Severstal has represented and warranted 
to the Issuer in the Loan Agreement that the Loan Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of Severstal; and 
1.6 
the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on certificates signed by the requisite number of duly 
authorised officers of Severstal as a means of monitoring whether Severstal is complying with its 
obligations under the Loan Agreement and identifying Material Subsidiaries and shall not otherwise be 
responsible for investigating any aspect of Severstal’s performance in relation thereto and, subject as 
further provided in the Trust Deed, neither the Issuer as lender under any Loan Agreement nor the Trustee 
will not be liable for any failure to make the usual or any investigations which might be made by a 
security holder in relation to the property which is the subject of the Trust Deed and held by way of 
security for the Notes, and shall not be bound to enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the 
right or title of the Issuer to the assigned property which is subject to the Security Interests whether such 
defect or failure was known to the Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry 
or whether capable of remedy or not, nor will it have any liability for the enforceability of the security 
created by the Security Interests whether as a result of any failure, omission or defect in registering or 
filing or otherwise protecting or perfecting such security and the Trustee has no responsibility for the 
value of or for insuring such security. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes rank pari passu and rateably without any preference 
among themselves. 
In the event that the payments under the Loan Agreement are made by Severstal to, or to the order of, the 
Trustee or the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent, they will, subject to Clauses 2.4 and 2.8 of the Trust 
Deed, pro tanto satisfy the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, except to the extent there is a 
failure in the subsequent payment of such amounts to the relevant Noteholder. 
Save as otherwise expressly provided hereon and in the Trust Deed, no proprietary or other direct interest 
in the Issuer’s right under or in respect of the Loan Agreement or the Loan exists for the benefit of the 
Noteholders. Subject to the terms of the Trust Deed, no Noteholder will have any entitlement to enforce 
the Loan Agreement or direct recourse to Severstal except through action by the Trustee pursuant to the 
relevant Security Interests granted to the Trustee in the Trust Deed. Neither the Issuer nor, following the 
enforcement of the Security Interests created in the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall be required to take 
proceedings to enforce payment under the Loan Agreement unless it has been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded by the Noteholders to its satisfaction. 
2 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes will be issued in fully registered form, and in the Specified Denomination shown hereon 
(which, in the case of any Notes shall be not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the Notes) or integral multiples in excess thereof, without interest coupons, 
provided that (i) interests in the Rule 144A Notes shall be held in amounts of not less than US$200,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes and (ii) Notes with a maturity 
of less than 365 days shall be held in amounts not less than £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
A Note issued under the Principal Trust Deed may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
combination of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis specified hereon.

--- Page 203 ---
187 
 
3 
Register, Title and Transfers 
3.1 
Registers 
The Registrar will maintain a register in respect of the Notes (the “Register”), all in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. In these Conditions the “holder” of a Note means the person in 
whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, 
the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly. A Note will be issued to each 
Noteholder in respect of its registered holding. The Issuer will also maintain a register (the “Issuer’s 
Register”) at its registered office. Under the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Registrar will provide 
to the Issuer such information about changes in the Register as shall enable the Issuer to maintain the 
Issuer’s Register up-to-date. In case of inconsistency between the Register and the Issuer’s Register, the 
Issuer’s Register shall prevail. 
3.2 
Title 
The holder of each Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of 
such Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft of such Note) and no person shall be liable for so 
treating such holder. 
3.3 
Transfers 
Subject to Conditions 3.6 and 3.7, a Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note, with 
the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the specified office of the Registrar or at the specified 
office of a Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or such Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have 
executed the form of transfer. Where not all the Notes represented by the surrendered Note are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Note in respect of the balance of the Note will be issued to the transferor. 
3.4 
Registration and Delivery of Notes 
Within five Business Days of the surrender of a Note in accordance with Condition 3.3, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note to each relevant holder for collection at its 
specified office or (at the request and risk of such relevant holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail 
if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant holder. In this paragraph, “Business 
Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar has its specified office. 
3.5 
No Charge 
The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such transfer. 
3.6 
Closed Periods 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the due 
date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes. 
3.7 
Regulations Concerning Transfers and Registration 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the 
transfer of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer 
with the prior written approval of the Trustee, the Registrar and the other parties to the Agency 
Agreement. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations from the Registrar.

--- Page 204 ---
188 
 
4 
Restrictive Covenants 
As provided in the Trust Deed, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed), the Issuer will not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee, agree to any amendments to 
or any modification or waiver of, or authorise any breach or proposed breach of, the terms of the Trust 
Deed or the Loan Agreement and will act at all times in accordance with any instructions of the Trustee 
from time to time with respect to the Loan Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided in the 
Trust Deed or the Loan Agreement. Any such amendment, modification, waiver or authorisation made 
with the consent of the Trustee shall be binding on the Noteholders and, unless the Trustee agrees 
otherwise, any such amendment or modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
Save as provided above, so long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee, shall not: 
(i) 
engage in any business whatsoever, other than (a) entering into limited recourse debt securities 
programmes and other limited recourse debt securities issues for the benefit of the Borrower 
(including the Programme) (“Permitted Debt Issuances”), (b) issuing limited recourse notes 
thereunder from time to time for the sole purpose of financing any loans (including Loans) to 
the Borrower in accordance with the relevant loan documentation for the Permitted Debt 
Issuance (in the case of the Programme, being the Facility Agreement and each Loan 
Supplement), (c) the making of deposits, including fiduciary deposits at banks or with other 
depositaries, (d) entering into related agreements and transactions (which shall, for the 
avoidance of doubt, include entering into derivatives contracts and other documents with third 
parties where related to and for the purposes of a particular Series or other limited recourse debt 
securities issues), (e) granting the Security Interests in relation to the Programme or other 
security interests under an applicable loan agreement or Permitted Debt Issuances and 
(f) performing any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the foregoing: 
(ii) 
enter into a single transaction, or series of, transactions (whether related or not and whether 
voluntary or involuntary) to sell, factor, lease, pledge, charge, assign, transfer or otherwise deal 
with any Permitted Debt Issuances or any charged or secured property or any right or benefit 
either present or future arising under or in respect of a loan agreement or a bank account in 
relation to a Permitted Debt Issuances (“Permitted Account”) or any part thereof or any interest 
therein, or create any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in respect thereof 
in favour of any person other than any security interest referred to specifically in the documents 
relating to Permitted Debt Issuances; 
(iii) 
cause or permit any Loan Agreement or the priority of the Security created by the Supplemental 
Trust Deed to be amended, terminated, discharged, novated, transferred or assigned (other than 
as contemplated by the Trust Deed and the Conditions); 
(iv) 
release or waive any party to any Loan Agreement, this Principal Trust Deed or any 
Supplemental Trust Deed from or in respect of any existing obligations or breach thereunder; 
(v) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(vi) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consents or waiver pursuant to, the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Conditions, any Loan Agreement, this 
Principal Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed or any other agreement relating to the issue 
of Notes or the making of Loans or any other related transactions; 
(vii) 
(to the extent the same is within the control of the Issuer) consolidate or merge with any other 
person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entirety to any person 
(other than as contemplated by the Trust Deed and the Conditions); 
(viii) 
have any employees; 
(ix) 
(to the extent the same is within the control of the Issuer) issue or allot any shares (other than 
such shares as are in issue at the date hereof) or make any distribution to its shareholders;

--- Page 205 ---
189 
 
(x) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution other than an 
account in relation to a Permitted Debt Issuance, an account for the making of deposits as per 
paragraph (i) above, or unless such account relates to any notes or other debt security or any 
charged property in relation to a Permitted Account or any party thereto or any rouble account 
as contemplated by agreements relating to a Permitted Debt Issuance, save where either such 
account or the Issuer’s interest in it is simultaneously charged in favour of the Trustee so as to 
form part of such Charged Property or such account is opened in connection with the 
administration and management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are 
credited to it; 
(xi) 
declare any dividends; 
(xii) 
subject as provided in paragraph (i) above, (including the issuing of further Notes (which may 
be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of any Series) or other limited recourse 
notes for the purposes of financing Permitted Debt Issuances and/or creating or incurring further 
limited recourse obligations relating to such Notes or limited recourse notes), incur any other 
indebtedness for borrowed moneys; 
(xiii) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities; 
(xiv) 
give any guarantee or assume any similar liability; 
(xv) 
use proceeds of the Notes for purposes other than funding a Loan to the Borrower; or 
(xvi) 
subject to the laws of Luxembourg, petition for winding-up or bankruptcy. 
5 
Interest 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest 
specified in the Final Terms which shall be equal to the rate per annum at which interest under the Loan 
accrues. Interest at the Rate of Interest shall accrue on each Fixed Rate Note from day to day, starting 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest 
Payment Date, to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date and shall be paid in arrear by Severstal 
pursuant to the relevant Loan Agreement to the Account not later than the Payment Time specified hereon 
prior to each Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, on each Interest Payment Date or as soon as possible 
thereafter as the same is received the Issuer shall account to the Noteholders for an amount equivalent to 
amounts of interest under the Loan received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan 
Agreement. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5.4. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
5.2.1 
Interest Payment Dates:  Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest specified hereon, which shall be equal to the rate per annum at which interest 
under the Loan accrues, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date or as soon 
as thereafter as the same is received. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5.4. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. Accordingly, on each such date, the Issuer shall account to the 
Noteholders for an amount equivalent to amounts of interest under the Loan received by or for the 
account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement. 
5.2.2 
Business Day Convention:  If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a

--- Page 206 ---
190 
 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each such subsequent date shall be the last Business Day 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, 
(C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
5.2.3 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes:  The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period (as defined in the Loan Agreement) shall be determined in the manner 
specified hereon and as set out in the Loan Agreement. 
5.3 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after 
as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
5.4 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the Final 
Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
5.5 
Publication of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after calculating or determining the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date as set out in the Loan Agreement, the 
Calculation Agent shall cause such Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts to be notified to the Trustee, 
the Issuer, Severstal, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed 
in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5.2(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If a Loan become due and payable 
under Clause 11 of the Facility Agreement, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 
but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the 
Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon the Noteholders, the Trustee, Severstal and the Issuer. 
“Interest Amount” means:

--- Page 207 ---
191 
 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; 
and 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
5.6 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or any Interest Amount pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Trustee shall do so 
(or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall be deemed 
to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall apply the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition, with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can 
do so, and, in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as is fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances. 
6 
Redemption 
6.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless the Loan is previously prepaid or repaid pursuant to Clause 5 of the Facility Agreement, Severstal 
will be required to repay the Loan by the Payment Time specified hereon prior to its Repayment Date (as 
defined in the Loan Agreement) and, subject to such repayment, as set forth in the Loan Agreement, all 
the Notes then remaining outstanding will be redeemed or repaid by the Issuer in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified hereon at their Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise specified hereon, is 100 percent of the principal amount thereof). 
6.2 
Early redemption 
If the Loan should become repayable (and be repaid) or be prepaid pursuant to the Loan Agreement prior 
to its scheduled Repayment Date, all Notes then remaining outstanding will thereupon become due and 
redeemable or repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise specified hereon is 
par together with interest accrued to the date of redemption) and the Issuer will endeavour to give not 
less than fifteen nor more than thirty days’ notice thereof to the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
To the extent that the Issuer receives amounts of principal, interest and/or additional amounts, if any, 
(other than amounts in respect of the Reserved Rights) following acceleration of the Loan pursuant to 
Clause 11 of the Facility Agreement, the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to and in the same currency as 
such amounts on the Business Day following receipt of such amounts, subject as provided in Condition 7. 
6.3 
Rule 144A notes 
The Issuer may compel any beneficial owner of an interest in the Rule 144A Notes to sell its interest in 
such Notes, or may sell such interest on behalf of such holder, if such holder is a U.S. person that is not 
a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and a qualified 
purchaser (as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the US Investment Company Act of 1940). 
6.4 
Call Option 
If Call Option is specified in the Final Terms, then pursuant to Clause 5.6 of the Facility Agreement and 
the relevant Loan Supplement, Severstal may, at its option at any time prior to the Repayment Date 
specified in the Final Terms on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ (or such other time period 
as specified as the Call Option Period in the Final Terms) irrevocable notice to the Issuer, in whole or in 
part, repay the Loan at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms plus the Make Whole 
Amount specified below (the “Call Option”). The notice to be given (the “Call Option Notice”) shall 
specify the date for repayment of the Loan and the date(s) for the redemption of the Notes (the “Optional 
Redemption Date(s)”), which, unless otherwise specified, shall be the next following Business Day after

--- Page 208 ---
192 
 
the date for repayment of the Loan. Immediately on receipt of the Call Option Notice, the Issuer shall 
forward it to the Noteholders, the Trustee and the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent. If the Loan should 
become repayable following exercise of the Call Option by Severstal (and be repaid) prior to the 
Repayment Date, the Notes will thereupon become due and repayable and the Issuer shall, subject to 
receipt of such amounts from Severstal under the Loan, redeem the Notes on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s). In the case of a partial redemption, the Notes shall be redeemed pro rata and otherwise in such 
manner as the Trustee deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange or other relevant regulatory requirements. The Issuer’s obligations in respect of this Condition 
to redeem and make payment for the Notes shall constitute an obligation only to account to Noteholders 
on the Redemption Date for an amount equivalent to the sums received by or for the account of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Loan Agreement. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.4: 
“Make Whole Amount” means the excess of (a) the present value at such Repayment Date of the Notes, 
plus any required interest payments that would otherwise be due to be paid on the Notes from such 
Repayment Date through to the Maturity Date, together with any accrued and unpaid interest as of such 
Repayment Date, if any, calculated using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate at such Repayment 
Date plus the number of basis points specified as the Make Whole Premium in the Final Terms, over 
(b) the principal amount of the Notes, provided that if the value of the Make Whole Amount at any time 
would otherwise be less than zero, then in such circumstances for the purpose of these Conditions, the 
value of the Make Whole Amount will be equal to zero; and 
“Treasury Rate” means a rate equal to the yield, as published by the Treasury Publisher specified in the 
Final Terms, on the actively traded Reference Treasury specified in the Final Terms with a maturity 
comparable to the remaining life of the Notes, as selected by the Financial Adviser. If there is no such 
publication of this yield during the week preceding the calculation date, the Treasury Rate will be 
calculated by reference to quotations from selected primary Reference Treasury dealers in the Business 
Centre specified in the Final Terms selected by the Financial Adviser. The Treasury Rate will be 
calculated on the third day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business generally in such Business Centre preceding the Repayment Date. 
6.5 
Put Option 
If Put Option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Noteholder redeem 
such Note on the Put Settlement Date specified in the Final Terms (the “Put Option”) at its principal 
amount together with accrued interest. To exercise such option a Noteholder must deposit the Note or 
Notes to be redeemed with any Paying Agent together with a duly completed Put Redemption Notice in 
the form obtainable from any of the Paying Agents, not more than 60 but not less than 30 days (or such 
other time period as specified as the Put Option Period in the Final Terms) prior to the Put Settlement 
Date. No Note so deposited may be withdrawn. Provided, however, that if, prior to the Put Settlement 
Date, a Relevant Event has occurred or, upon due presentation of any Note on the Put Settlement Date, 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, such Note shall, without prejudice 
to the exercise of the Put Option, be returned to the Noteholder by uninsured first class mail (airmail if 
overseas) at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Redemption 
Notice. The Issuer shall notify Severstal, not more than three Business Days after receipt of notice thereof 
from the Paying Agent, of the amount of the Loan to be prepaid as a consequence of the exercise by 
Noteholders of the option contained in this Condition 6.5. Subject to timely receipt of the relevant 
amounts from Severstal under the Loan Agreement, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 6.5 on the Put Settlement Date, subject as provided in Condition 7. 
6.6 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Severstal or any Subsidiary or affiliate of Severstal or any other company acting for the benefit of 
Severstal (acting either directly or through an agent) may, among other things, from time to time purchase 
any Notes (or may provide funding to the Issuer to purchase any Notes) in the open market, by tender or 
by private agreement at any price and on such other terms as Severstal may determine. The Notes 
purchased by Severstal or its affiliate or any other company acting for the benefit of Severstal may be 
held, reissued or resold. Alternatively, Severstal or any affiliate of Severstal or any other company acting 
for the benefit of Severstal (acting directly or through an agent) may, from time to time deliver Notes to

--- Page 209 ---
193 
 
the Issuer, having an aggregate principal value of at least US$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in a Specified 
Currency), or request the Issuer to purchase such Notes on behalf or at the request of Severstal, and 
deliver to the Issuer a request to present such Notes to the relevant Registrar for cancellation, and may 
also from time to time procure the delivery to the Registrar of the relevant Global Certificates with 
instructions to cancel a specified aggregate principal amount of Notes (being at least US$1,000,000 or 
its equivalent in a Specified Currency) represented thereby whereupon the Issuer shall, pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement, request the relevant Registrar to cancel such Notes. Upon any such cancellation by 
or on behalf of the relevant Registrar, the principal amount of the Loan corresponding to the principal 
amount of such Notes surrendered for cancellation together with all accrued interest and other amounts 
shall be deemed to have been prepaid by the Borrower and extinguished as of the date of such cancellation 
and no further payment shall be made or required to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Notes. 
7 
Payments and Agents 
7.1 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent or at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent or Registrar and in the manner provided in the Condition below. 
7.2 
Interest 
Interest shall be paid to the person shown on the relevant Issuer’s Register at the opening of business (in 
the place of the Issuer’s specified office) on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the 
“Record Date”). Payments of interest shall be made in the Specified Currency by cheque drawn on a 
bank in the principal financial centre for the Specified Currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET 2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereof (a 
“Bank”) and mailed to the Noteholder (or to the first named of joint Noteholders) of such Note at its 
address appearing in the relevant Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
relevant Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank, or by transfer to 
an account in the Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, a Bank in the principal financial 
centre of such Specified Currency or in the case of euro, a Bank specified by the payee or at the option 
of the payee, by a euro-cheque and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender of the 
relevant Notes at the specified office of the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent or at the specified office 
of any Transfer Agent. 
7.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such 
payments. 
7.4 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for payments of interest or principal is not a Business Day, a Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment of the amount due until the next following Business Day and shall not be entitled to 
any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. In this paragraph, “Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” hereon, and (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 210 ---
194 
 
7.5 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. The Agency 
Agreement provides that the Issuer may at any time, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent or any of the Paying Agents, 
and appoint additional or other paying agents provided that (i) so long as the Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or market or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, 
there will be a paying agent and transfer agent with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or market or other relevant authority and 
(ii) there will be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a European Union member state that will not 
be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to any law implementing European Council Directive 
2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26-
27 November 2000. Any such variation, termination or appointment shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not more than 45 days’ and not less 
than 30 days’ notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
7.6 
Accrued Interest 
If the due date for redemption or repayment of a Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest accrued 
from the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, from the Issue Date as specified hereon 
shall be payable only as and when actually received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Loan Agreement. 
7.7 
Payments by Severstal 
Save as otherwise directed by the Trustee at any time after any of the Security Interests created in the 
Trust Deed becomes enforceable, the Issuer will, pursuant to Clause 6 of the Agency Agreement require 
Severstal to make all payments of principal and interest and any additional amounts to be made pursuant 
to the Loan Agreement to the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent to an account in the name of the Issuer 
(the “Account”). Under the Charge, the Issuer will charge by way of first fixed charge all the rights, title 
and interest in and to all sums of money then or in the future deposited in the Account in favour of the 
Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, 
unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is 
required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer shall make such additional payments as shall result in the receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amount as would have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction 
had been required but only to the extent and only at such time as the Issuer receives an equivalent amount 
from Severstal under the Loan Agreement. To the extent that the Issuer receives a lesser additional 
amount from Severstal, the Issuer will account to each Noteholder for an additional amount equivalent 
to a pro rata proportion of such additional amount (if any) as is actually received by, or for the account 
of, the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement on the date of, in the currency of, and subject to any 
conditions attaching to the payment of such additional amount to the Issuer, provided that no such 
additional amount will be payable in respect of any Note: 
8.1 
to a Noteholder who (a) is able to avoid such deduction or withholding by satisfying any statutory 
requirements or by making a declaration of non-residence or other claim for exemption to the relevant 
tax authority; or (b) is liable for such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with 
Luxembourg other than the mere holding of such Note or the receipt of payments in respect thereof; 
8.2 
presented for payment of principal more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
such additional payment would have been payable if such Note had been presented for payment on such 
30th day;

--- Page 211 ---
195 
 
8.3 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is required to be 
made pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other Directive implementing the 
conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26-27 November 2000 on the taxation of savings income 
or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive;  
8.4 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a Member State of 
the European Union; or 
8.5 
with respect to any Taxes that are imposed or withheld pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, as of the issue date (or any amended or successor version of such sections that is substantively 
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any regulations promulgated thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, any similar law or regulation adopted pursuant to an 
intergovernmental agreement between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States with respect to the 
foregoing or any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
As used hereon, “Relevant Date” (i) means the date on which any payment under the Loan Agreement 
first becomes due but (ii) if the full amount payable by Severstal has not been received by, or for the 
account of, the Issuer pursuant to the Loan Agreement on or prior to such date, it means the date on which 
such moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the 
Noteholders by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
Any reference hereon or in the Trust Deed to payments in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to 
refer to any additional amounts which may be payable in accordance with the Trust Deed and this 
Condition 8 or any undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust 
Deed. 
9 
Enforcement 
The Trust Deed provides that only the Trustee may pursue the remedies under the general law, the Trust 
Deed or the Notes to enforce the rights of the Noteholders and no Noteholder will be entitled to pursue 
such remedies unless the Trustee (having become bound to do so in accordance with the terms of the 
Trust Deed) fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
At any time an Event of Default (as defined in the Facility Agreement) or a Relevant Event (as defined 
in the Trust Deed) has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without notice 
and shall, if requested to do so by Noteholders holding 25 per cent. or more in aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding, or if directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution and, in either case, subject 
to it being secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, institute such steps, actions or 
proceedings as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the Noteholders and the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, including to declare all amounts payable under the Loan Agreement by Severstal to be due and 
payable (in the case of an Event of Default), or enforce the security created in the Trust Deed in favour 
of the Trustee (in the case of a Relevant Event). Upon repayment of the Loan following an Event of 
Default and a declaration as provided hereon, the Notes will be redeemed or repaid at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption and thereupon shall cease to be 
outstanding. 
10 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution; Exercise of Powers: 
Appointment and Removal of Trustee 
10.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including any modification of, or any arrangement in respect of, the Notes, the 
Loan Agreement or the Trust Deed. Noteholders will vote pro rata according to the principal amount of 
their Notes. Special quorum provisions apply for meetings of Noteholders convened for the purpose of 
amending certain terms concerning, inter alia, the amounts payable on, and the currency of payment in 
respect of, the Notes and the amounts payable and currency of payment under the Loan Agreement. Any 
resolution duly passed at a meeting of Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present 
or not.

--- Page 212 ---
196 
 
10.2 
Written Resolutions 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
two-thirds in the principal amount of the Notes outstanding at the time shall for all purposes be as valid 
and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
10.3 
Modification and Waiver 
As provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
modification of the Notes and the Trust Deed or the Loan Agreement which in the opinion of the Trustee 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature, is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders (as a class). The Trustee may also waive or authorise or agree to the 
waiving or authorising of any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of the Conditions or the Trust 
Deed or by Severstal of the terms of the Loan Agreement, or determine that any event which would or 
might otherwise give rise to a right of acceleration under the Loan Agreement shall not be treated as such, 
if, in the opinion of the Trustee, to do so would not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders (as a class), all subject as further provided in the Trust Deed and provided always that 
(subject to certain exceptions) the Trustee may not exercise such power of waiver in contravention of 
any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. Any such modification, waiver 
or authorisation shall be binding on the Noteholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
10.4 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions to the effect that the Issuer may, and at the request of Severstal shall, 
having obtained the consent of Severstal (if such substitution is not to be made at the request of Severstal) 
and the Trustee (which latter consent may be given without the consent of the Noteholders) and having 
complied with such requirements as set out in the Trust Deed, substitute any entity in place of the Issuer 
as creditor under the Loan Agreement, as issuer and principal obligor in respect of the Notes and as 
principal obligor under the Trust Deed, subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the 
substitute’s rights under the Loan Agreement being charged and assigned, respectively, to the Trustee as 
security for the payment obligations of the substitute obligor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Not 
later than 14 days after compliance with the aforementioned requirements, notice thereof shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 or Severstal shall use its best 
endeavours to ensure that the substitute obligor does so. 
10.5 
Exercise of Powers 
In connection with the exercise of any of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Trustee shall 
have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory. No Noteholder is entitled to claim from the Issuer, Severstal or the Trustee any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
10.6 
Appointment and Removal of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the appointment or removal of a Trustee by a meeting of 
Noteholders passing an Extraordinary Resolution, provided that, in the case of removal of a Trustee, at 
all times there remains a trustee in office after such removal. Any appointment or removal of a Trustee 
shall be notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. The Trustee may also 
resign such appointment giving not less than three months’ notice to the Noteholders provided that such 
resignation shall not become effective unless there remains a trustee in office after such resignation.

--- Page 213 ---
197 
 
11 
Prescription 
Notes will become void unless presented for payment within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five 
years (in the case of interest) from the due date for payment in respect thereof. 
12 
Indemnification of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to 
enforce payment unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction and to be paid its 
costs and expenses in priority to the claims of Noteholders. The Trustee is entitled to enter into contracts 
or transactions with the Issuer and/or Severstal and any entity related to the Issuer and/or Severstal 
without accounting for any profit, fees, corresponding interest, discounts or share of brokerage earned, 
arising or resulting from any such contract or transactions. 
The Trustee’s responsibilities are solely those of trustee for the Noteholders on the terms of the Trust 
Deed. Accordingly, the Trustee makes no representations and assumes no responsibility for the validity 
or enforceability of the Loan Agreement or the security created in respect thereof or for the performance 
by the Issuer of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes and the Trust Deed or by Severstal in 
respect of the Loan Agreement. The Trustee has no liability to Noteholders for any shortfall arising from 
the Trustee being subject to tax as a result of the Trustee holding or realising the Security Interests. 
The Trustee has no obligation to take any action (or step) which would or might in its opinion result in 
it incurring liabilities of any nature unless it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction in respect of the same and in forming any such opinion the Trustee shall be entitled to rely 
on legal advice or other advice received by it (as provided for by the Trust Deed) as to the existence and 
extent of such liabilities without liability to Noteholders for so doing regardless of whether and the extent 
to which the taking of any action or step by the Trustee is thereby delayed. 
Nothing contained in these Conditions shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, 
authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate 
indemnity against and/or security for and/or prefunding, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured 
to it. 
13 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note shall become mutilated, defaced, lost, stolen or destroyed it may, subject to all applicable 
laws and regulations and stock exchange requirements, be replaced at the specified office of either 
Registrar or at the specified office of the Principal Paying and Transfer Agent in London on payment of 
such costs, expenses, taxes and duties as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as 
to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as may reasonably be required by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Trustee. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) posted to such Noteholders 
at their respective addresses as shown on the relevant Register and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or another stock exchange and the rules of that exchange 
so require, publish on the Regulatory News Service via the Companies Announcements Office of 
Euronext Dublin or such other publication/information channel that is compliant with the rules or 
guidelines of such stock exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the first date 
on which both conditions shall have been met. 
In case by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to publish any notice to holders of Notes as 
provided above, then such notification to such holders as shall be given with the approval of the Trustee 
shall constitute sufficient notice to such holders for every purpose hereunder.

--- Page 214 ---
198 
 
15 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the amount 
and the date of the first payment of interest) so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
Notes. Such further Notes shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed between the 
Issuer and the Trustee. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of Noteholders 
and the holders of Notes of other Series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. In relation 
to any further issue which is to be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes, the Issuer will 
enter into a loan agreement supplemental to the Loan Agreement with Severstal on substantially the same 
terms as the Loan Agreement (or in all respects except for the amount and the date of the first payment 
of interest on the further Notes). The Issuer will provide a further fixed charge in favour of the Trustee 
and amend the existing Security Interests in respect of certain of its rights and interests under such loan 
agreement and will assign absolutely certain of its rights under such loan agreement which will secure 
both the Notes and such further Notes and which will amend and supplement the Security Interests in 
relation to the existing Notes of such Series. 
16 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Issuer has submitted in the Trust Deed to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and has appointed 
an agent for the service of process in England. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-
3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies (as amended) are 
excluded.

--- Page 215 ---
199 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated  [ ● ] 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Series, subject only to completion and the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions, is set out below. 
PAO SEVERSTAL 
Series ● ● ● Loan Participation Notes due ●  
issued by, but with limited recourse to, 
Steel Capital S.A. 
a société anonyme incorporated in Luxembourg with limited liability whose registered office is at 14, rue 
Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, registered with the Register of Commerce and Companies of 
Luxembourg under number B116975  
for the sole purpose of financing a loan to 
PAO SEVERSTAL  
Under the Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes described in a Base Prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) dated 9 March 2021 (the “Programme”), Steel Capital S.A. (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue loan participation notes (the 
“Notes”) on the terms set out in the Base Prospectus, as completed by final terms (each a “Final Terms”) setting 
out the specific terms of each issue. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed U.S.$4,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). These Final Terms are the Final Terms 
applicable to the issue by the Issuer of Series ● ● ● Loan Participation Notes due ● (the “Notes’’). Terms defined 
in the Base Prospectus have the same meaning in these Final Terms, unless otherwise defined herein. The Notes 
are issued on the terms set out in these Final Terms read together with the Base Prospectus. 
In each case where amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are stated to be payable in respect 
of the Notes, the obligation of the Issuer to make any such payment constitutes an obligation only to account to 
the Noteholders, on each date upon which such amounts of principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) are 
due in respect of the Notes, for an amount equivalent to all principal, interest and additional amounts (if any) 
actually received by or for the account of the Issuer pursuant to the Loan. Noteholders will be deemed to have 
accepted and agreed that they will be relying solely on the credit and financial standing of Severstal in 
respect of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
The sole purpose of issuing the Notes will be to finance a loan (the “Loan”) to PAO Severstal (“Severstal”) as 
borrower, on the terms of a facility agreement between the Issuer and Severstal dated 3 September 2019, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (the “Facility Agreement”), as amended and supplemented 
by a loan supplement dated ● (the “Loan Supplement” and, together with the Facility Agreement, the “Loan 
Agreement“) between the Issuer and Severstal. Subject as provided in the Trust Deed (as defined herein) the 
Issuer will charge as security for its payment obligations in respect of the Notes and under the Trust Deed, its 
rights and interests as lender under the Loan Agreement to Citibank, N.A., London Branch as trustee (the 
“Trustee”), for the benefit of the holders of the Notes and will assign its administrative rights under the Loan 
Agreement to the Trustee.  
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. SEE “RISK FACTORS” SET 
OUT IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS. 
The Notes and the Loan (together, the “Securities”) have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered and sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Notes may be offered and sold 
(i) within the United States to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
(“Rule 144A”)) that are also qualified purchasers as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the U.S. Investment Company 
Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”) in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 
144A (the “Rule 144A Notes”); and (ii) to certain persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S Notes”). The Issuer has not been and will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on 
the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of

--- Page 216 ---
200 
 
these and certain further restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions” as set out in the 
Base Prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for 
the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date hereof to be admitted to the 
Official List (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”).The Regulation 
S Notes and the Rule 144A Notes will be offered and sold in the denominations set out herein. The Regulation S 
Notes will initially be represented by a Global Certificate in registered form (the “Regulation S Global 
Certificate”), without interest coupons, which will be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in 
the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg on the Closing Date (as defined 
herein). Beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be 
effected only through records maintained by, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Rule 144A Notes will 
initially be represented by a Global Certificate in registered form (the “Rule 144A Global Certificate” and 
together with the Regulation S Global Certificate, the “Global Certificates”), without interest coupons, which 
will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC on the Closing Date. 
Beneficial interests in the Rule 144A Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected 
only through, records maintained by DTC and its participants. Individual Definitive Certificates in registered form 
will only be available in certain limited circumstances as described in the Base Prospectus. 
[NAMES AND TITLES OF DEALER(S)]

--- Page 217 ---
201 
 
Final Terms dated ● 
PAO SEVERSTAL 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Series] [Title of Loan Participation Notes] 
by Steel Capital S.A.  
a société anonyme incorporated in Luxembourg with limited liability whose registered office is at 14, rue 
Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, registered with the Register of Commerce and Companies of 
Luxembourg under number B116975  
for the sole purpose of financing a Loan to PAO SEVERSTAL 
under a U.S.$4,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes  
(the “Programme”) 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 the (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 218 ---
202 
 
Part A - Contractual Terms 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 9 March 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated ●] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on Severstal, the Issuer and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on www.ise.ie. 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Steel Capital S.A. 
 
(ii) 
Borrower: 
PAO SEVERSTAL 
2 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
● 
 
[(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
● 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible.)] 
●] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
● 
4 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
● 
 
[(i)]  
Series: 
● 
 
[(ii)  
Tranche: 
●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
● per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
(i) Specified Denominations: 
 
● 
(Note: No Notes may be issued which have a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR 
100,000 (or nearly equivalent amount in other 
currencies)). 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount 
● 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
● 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Closing Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Closing Date: 
●

--- Page 219 ---
203 
 
9 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
10 
Interest Basis: 
[● per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] / [LIBOR]] +/- ● per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
11 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
12 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Not Applicable 
13 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior] 
14 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of Notes and 
borrowing of Loan obtained: 
● [and ●, respectively]](N.B Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular Series of Notes or related Loan)] 
15 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
16 
Financial Centres (in respect of Condition 7.2 
(Payment on Business Days)): 
● 
17 
Specified Currency and Principal amount of Loan: 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Currency 
● 
 
(ii) 
Principal Amount  
● 
18 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option/Call Option/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE UNDER THE NOTES 
 
19 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
● per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
 
annually/quarterly/ monthly] in arrear 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
● in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of “Business  
Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
● per Calculation Amount

--- Page 220 ---
204 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
● per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest
 
 Payment Date falling [in/on] ●  
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
● in each year. [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Closing Date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
20 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
● 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
● 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
● 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
● 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
● (not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
● 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/ are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
● 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR]  
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]

--- Page 221 ---
205 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] ● per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
● per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
● per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
● per Calculation Amount 
22 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable if the Loan should become 
repayable under the Loan Agreement prior to the 
Maturity Date: 
● 
23 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
● per Calculation Amount plus accrued 
interest, if any, to the Redemption Date 
 
(ii) 
Make Whole Premium:  
● basis points 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
● 
 
(iv) 
Call Option Period: 
● 
 
(v) 
Treasury Publisher 
● 
 
(vi) 
Reference Treasury 
● 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre 
● 
 
(viii) 
Financial Adviser 
● 
24 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable or if Put Option is 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 
 
(i) 
Put Settlement Date(s): 
● 
 
(ii) 
Put Option Period: 
●

--- Page 222 ---
206 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
25 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
26 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27 
Form of Notes: 
Registered Notes 
28 
Payment Time: 
[●] a.m./p.m. (Relevant Time) [●] Business 
Day[s] (which for U.S.$, € and £ shall be one 
Business Day and for ¥ and RUB shall be 
two Business Days] 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the 
U.S.$4,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Loan Participation Notes by Steel Capital S.A. for the sole 
purpose of financing a Loan to PAO SEVERSTAL. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and Severstal accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [● has been 
extracted from ●. Each of the Issuer and Severstal confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by ●, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of Severstal: 
 
 
 
By: ________________________ 
 Duly authorised 
By: ________________________ 
 Duly authorised 
 
 
By: ________________________ 
 Duly authorised 
 
Part B - Other Information 
1 
LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”)] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
 Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
(the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated 
market (the “Regulated Market”) with effect 
from ● [Not Applicable.] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
●

--- Page 223 ---
207 
 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services 
Europe 
Limited: 
●] 
[Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
Limited: 
●] 
[Fitch Ratings Limited: ●]  
[[insert credit rating agency] is [established in the 
European Union (the “EU”) and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] [established in the EU and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the registration decision has not yet 
been provided.] [established in the EU and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] [not 
established in the EU but the rating it has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”).] [not 
established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] [not established in the EU and is 
not 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating  
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
NOTIFICATION 
The Central Bank has provided the competent authority(ies) of [insert details of relevant Host Member 
State(s)] with a certificate of approval attesting that the [Base Prospectus—insert details of relevant Base 
Prospectus] has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
should not be considered as endorsement of the quality of securities that are the subject of the Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
4 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
If applicable a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest is to be included. This may be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]2

--- Page 224 ---
208 
 
5 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons of the offer: 
[●] 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus / Give 
Details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details here.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
6 
[YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
● 
The yield is calculated at the Closing Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Legal Entity Identifier 
● 
ISIN Code (Reg S Notes): 
● 
ISIN Code (Rule 144A Notes): 
● 
Common Code (Reg S Notes): 
● 
Common Code (Rule 144A Notes): 
● 
Rule 144A CUSIP number: 
● 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking société 
anonyme [or DTC] and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s [and 
addresses])] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
● 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
● 
8 
THE LOAN 
Terms of the Loan 
 
(i) 
Principal Amount of the Loan: 
●  
(ii) 
Specified Currency: 
● 
(iii) 
Put Settlement Date: 
[Not Applicable/●]

--- Page 225 ---
209 
 
(iv) 
Repayment Date: 
●:  
(v) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
● per ●  
(vi) 
Make Whole Premium: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] basis points]  
(vii) 
Treasury Publisher: 
Reference Treasury: 
Business Centre: 
Financial Adviser: 
● 
● 
● 
● 
 
(viii) 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option/Call Option/Not Applicable]  
 
Interest 
 
Fixed Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
●  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: 
● per cent. per annum payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear  
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
● in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition of “Business Day”] /not adjusted]  
(iv) 
Fixed Amount(s): 
● per ● in principal amount  
(v) 
Broken Amount: 
[●]  
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-
ICMA] 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
● in each year  
Floating Rate Loan Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
●  
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
●  
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
●  
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
● 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business Day 
Convention/Following 
Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 226 ---
210 
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
● 
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii)
Interest Period Date(s):
[●] (Not applicable unless different from
Interest Payment Date) 
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent):  
(x)
Screen Rate Determination:
—Reference Rate:
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
—Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]
—Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(xi)
ISDA Determination:
—Floating Rate Option:
● 
—Designated Maturity:
● 
—Reset Date:
● 
(xii)
Margin(s):
●per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
●per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
●per cent. per annum
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]

--- Page 227 ---
211 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
The Global Certificates 
Each Series of Notes will be evidenced on issue (i) in the case of Regulation S Notes, a Regulation S Global 
Certificate deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) in the case of Rule 144A Notes, a Rule 144A Global Certificate deposited with 
a custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of, DTC. 
Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Certificate may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg at any time, see “—Book-Entry Procedures for the Global Certificates”. By acquisition of a 
beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate, the purchaser thereof will be deemed to represent, among 
other things, that it is not a U.S. person and that, prior to the expiration of 40 days after completion of the 
distribution of the Series of which such Notes are a part as determined and certified to the Principal Paying and 
Transfer Agent by the relevant Dealer (or in the case of a Series of Notes sold to or through more than one relevant 
Dealer, by each of such relevant Dealers as to the Notes of such Series sold by or through it, in which case the 
Principal Paying and Transfer Agent shall notify each such relevant Dealer when all relevant Dealers have so 
certified) (the distribution compliance period), it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interest 
except to a person whom the seller reasonably believes to be a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, see “Selling and Transfer Restrictions”. Beneficial 
interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may only be held through DTC at any time, see “—Book- Entry 
Procedures for the Global Certificates”. By acquisition of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate, 
the purchaser thereof will be deemed to represent, among other things, that if it is a U.S. person (within the 
meaning of Regulation S), it is a QIB that is also a QP and that, if in the future it determines to transfer such 
beneficial interest, it will transfer such interest in accordance with the procedures and restrictions contained in the 
Paying Agency Agreement dated 19 October 2010 (the Paying Agency Agreement), see “Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions”. 
Beneficial interests in each Global Certificate will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set out therein and 
in the Paying Agency Agreement, and with respect to Rule 144A Global Certificate, as set out in Rule 144A, and 
the Rule 144A Notes will bear the legends set out thereon regarding such restrictions set out under “Selling and 
Transfer Restrictions”. A beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate may be transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate in denominations greater than or 
equal to the minimum denominations applicable to interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate and only upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a written certification (in the form provided in the Paying Agency Agreement) to the 
effect that the transferor reasonably believes that the transferee is a QIB that is also a QP and that such transaction 
is in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the 
form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification 
(in the form provided in the Paying Agency Agreement) from the transferor to the effect that the transfer is being 
made to a non-U.S. person and in accordance with Regulation S. 
Any beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in 
the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in the 
Regulation S Global Certificate and become an interest in the Rule 144A Global Certificate, and, accordingly, 
will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the 
Rule 144A Global Certificate for as long as it remains such an interest. Any beneficial interest in a Rule 144A 
Global Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S 
Global Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in the Rule 144A Global Certificate and become an 
interest in the Regulation S Global Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions 
and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Certificate for so long as it 
remains such an interest. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but 
the Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in 
connection therewith. 
Except in the limited circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in Global Certificates will not 
be entitled to receive physical delivery of certificated Notes in definitive form (the Definitive Certificates). The 
Notes are not issuable in bearer form.

--- Page 228 ---
212 
 
Amendments to Conditions 
Each Global Certificate contains provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the 
effect of the above Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The following is a summary of those provisions. Certified 
terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as set out in the Global Certificate: 
 
Payments.  All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or 
to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the register of Noteholders as holder of the 
Global Certificate at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior 
to the date for payment (the Record Date), where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to 
Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. Such payments shall be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. No person shall however 
be entitled to receive any payment on the Global Certificate falling due after the Exchange Date, 
unless the exchange of the Global Certificate for Definitive Certificates is improperly withheld of 
refused by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
 
Notices.  All notices to Noteholders shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) posted to such 
Noteholders at their respective addresses as shown on the relevant register and (ii) so long as the 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so 
require, file a notice with a Regulatory News Service via the Companies Announcements Office of 
Euronext Dublin. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the first date on which 
both conditions shall have been met. 
 
Meetings.  For the purposes of any meeting of Noteholders, the holder of a Global Certificate will 
be treated as being one person for the purposes of any quorum requirements of, or the right to demand 
a poll at, a meeting of Noteholders and as being entitled to one vote in respect of each integral 
currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
 
Trustee’s Powers.  In considering the interests of Noteholders while a Global Certificate is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, the Trustee may, to the extent it reasonably considers it appropriate to 
do so in the circumstances (i) have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system 
or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with 
entitlements to the Global Certificate and (ii) consider such interests as if such accountholders were 
the holders of the Global Certificate. 
 
Cancellation.  Cancellation of any Note required by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be 
cancelled will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the applicable Global Certificate. 
Exchange for Definitive Certificates 
Exchange 
Each Global Certificate will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive, registered form if: (i) a Global Certificate is held by or on behalf of (A) DTC, and DTC notifies the 
Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the 
Global Certificate or ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act or if at any time it is no 
longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving 
notice or becoming aware of such ineligibility on the part of DTC or (B) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, is closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so, by the holder giving notice to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent or (ii) if the Issuer 
would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a change in the laws or regulations 
(taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction referred to in Condition 8 of the Notes which would not be suffered 
were the Notes in definitive form and a notice to such effect signed by two directors of the Issuer is delivered to 
the Trustee, by the Issuer giving notice to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and the Noteholders, of its intention 
to exchange the relevant Global Certificate for Definitive Certificates on or after the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) specified in the notice. 
On or after the Exchange Date, the holder of the relevant Global Certificate may surrender such Global Certificate 
to or to the order of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In exchange for the relevant Global Certificate, as 
provided in the Paying Agency Agreement, the Registrar will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal

--- Page 229 ---
213 
 
aggregate amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Certificates in or substantially in the form set out 
in the relevant schedule to the Trust Deed. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of, or exchange of interests in, a Global Certificate for definitive Notes 
for a period of 15 calendar days ending on the date for any payment of principal or interest or on the date of 
optional redemption in respect of the Notes. 
Exchange Date means a day falling not later than 90 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is 
given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent is located. 
Delivery 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged in full for definitive Notes and the Issuer 
will, at the cost of the Company (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant Transfer Agent may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange), cause sufficient Definitive Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for 
completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant Noteholders. A person having an interest in a Global 
Certificate must provide the Registrar with (a) a written order containing instructions and such other information 
as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Notes and (b) in the case of a 
Rule 144A Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed certification substantially to the effect that the 
exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale 
pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 
144A to a QIB that is also a QP. Definitive Certificates issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A 
Global Certificate shall bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A, as set out under “Selling 
and Transfer Restrictions”. 
Legends 
The holder of a Definitive Certificate may transfer the Notes evidenced thereby in whole or in part in the applicable 
minimum denomination by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together 
with the completed form of transfer thereon. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Rule 144A 
Definitive Certificate bearing the legend referred to under “Selling and Transfer Restrictions” or upon specific 
request for removal of the legend on a Rule 144A Definitive Certificate, the Issuer will deliver only Rule 144A 
Definitive Certificates that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove such legend, as the case may be, unless 
there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of 
counsel, as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set out 
therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Investment Company 
Act. 
Book-Entry Procedures for the Global Certificates 
For each Series of Notes evidenced by both a Regulation S Global Certificate and a Rule 144A Global Certificate, 
custodial and depository links are to be established between DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
facilitate the initial issue of the Notes and cross-market transfers of the Notes associated with secondary market 
trading, see “—Book Entry Ownership—Settlement and Transfer of Notes”. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions which 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and 
settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and 
custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers are 
worldwide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and 
clearing corporations. Investors may hold their interests in such Global Certificates directly through Euroclear or

--- Page 230 ---
214 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg if they are accountholders (Direct Participants) or indirectly (Indirect Participants 
and together with Direct Participants, Participants) through organisations which are accountholders therein. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the laws of the 
State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a member of the US Federal 
Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial code and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to 
hold securities for its Participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Participants through electronic computerised book-entry changes in accounts of its Participants, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Participants include securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is available 
to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a DTC Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Investors may hold their interests in Rule 144A Global Certificates directly through DTC if they are Direct 
Participants in the DTC system, or as Indirect Participants through organisations which are Direct Participants in 
such system. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Notes only at the 
direction of one or more Direct Participants and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount 
of the relevant Rule 144A Global Certificates as to which such Participant or Participants has or have given such 
direction. However, in the circumstances described under “Exchange for Definitive Certificates”, DTC will 
surrender the relevant Rule 144A Global Certificates for exchange for individual Rule 144A Definitive 
Certificates (which will bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Regulation S Global Certificate representing Regulation S Notes of any Series will have an ISIN and a 
Common Code and will be registered in the name of a nominee for, and deposited with a common depositary on 
behalf of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B1210 Brussels, Belgium, and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, 
Luxembourg. 
DTC 
The Rule 144A Global Certificate representing Rule 144A Notes of any Series will have a CUSIP number and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus, an ISIN and Common Code and unless otherwise 
indicated in such Final Terms or Series Prospectus, will be deposited with a custodian for and registered in the 
name of Cede & Co. as nominee of, DTC. The Custodian and DTC will electronically record the principal amount 
of the Notes held within the DTC System. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, 
U.S.A. 
Relationship of Participants with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the holder of a Note 
evidenced by a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case 
may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Certificate and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Certificate, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be). The Issuer expects that, upon 
receipt of any payment in respect of Notes evidenced by a Global Certificate, the common depositary by whom 
such Note is held, or nominee in whose name it is registered, will immediately credit the relevant participants’ or 
accountholders’ accounts in the relevant clearing system with payments in amounts proportionate to their 
respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of the relevant Global Certificate as shown on the records 
of the relevant clearing system or its nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by Direct Participants in any 
clearing system to owners of beneficial interests in any Global Certificate held through such Direct Participants 
in any clearing system will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices. Save as aforesaid, such 
persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the

--- Page 231 ---
215 
 
Notes are evidenced by such Global Certificate and the obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to 
the registered holder, as the case may be, of such Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. None of 
the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to or payments made on account of ownership interests in any Global Certificate or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests. 
Settlement and Transfer of Notes 
Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable clearing system, purchases of Notes held within a clearing 
system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for such Notes on the clearing 
system’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each such Note (the Beneficial Owner) will 
in turn be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from any clearing system of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written 
confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct 
or Indirect Participant through which such Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in Notes held within the clearing system will be affected by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in such Notes, unless and until interests in any Global Certificate held within 
a clearing system are exchanged for Definitive Certificates. 
No clearing system has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Notes held within such clearing system 
and their records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Notes are credited, 
which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of 
their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other communications by the clearing 
systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and 
Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory 
or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
The laws of some jurisdictions may require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive form of 
securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Certificate to such persons may be limited. 
Because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the 
ability of a person having an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate to pledge such interest to persons or entities 
that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by a lack of 
physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg Participants 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional Eurobonds. 
Trading between DTC Participants 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes between DTC participants will occur in the ordinary 
way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled using the procedures applicable to United States corporate 
debt obligations in DTC’s Same-Day Funds Settlement (SDFS) system in same- day funds, if payment is effected 
in US dollars, or free of payment, if payment is not effected in US dollars. Where payment is not effected in US 
dollars, separate payment arrangements outside DTC are required to be made between the DTC participants. 
Trading between DTC Seller and Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg Purchaser 
When book-entry interests in Notes are to be transferred from the account of a DTC participant holding a beneficial 
interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate to the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholder wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate (subject to the 
certification procedures provided in the Paying Agency Agreement), the DTC participant will deliver instructions 
for delivery to the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholder to DTC by 12 noon, New York 
time, on the settlement date. Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the DTC participant 
and the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant. On the settlement date, the custodian of the 
Rule 144A Global Certificate will instruct the Registrar to (i) decrease the amount of Notes registered in the name 
of Cede & Co. and evidenced by the Rule 144A Global Certificate of the relevant class and (ii) increase the

--- Page 232 ---
216 
 
amount of Notes registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and evidenced by the Regulation S Global Certificate. Book-entry interests will be delivered free of 
payment to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for credit to the relevant accountholder 
on the first business day following the settlement date. 
Trading between Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg Seller and DTC Purchaser 
When book-entry interests in the Notes are to be transferred from the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholder to the account of a DTC participant wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in a Rule 
144A Global Certificate (subject to the certification procedures provided in the Paying Agency Agreement), the 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant must send to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg delivery 
free of payment instructions by 7:45 p.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, one business day prior to the settlement 
date. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will in turn transmit appropriate instructions to 
the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Registrar to arrange delivery to the 
DTC participant on the settlement date. Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the DTC 
participant and the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholder, as the case may be. On the 
settlement date, the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will (a) transmit appropriate 
instructions to the custodian of the Rule 144A Global Certificate who will in turn deliver such book-entry interests 
in the Notes free of payment to the relevant account of the DTC participant and (b) instruct the Registrar to 
(i) decrease the amount of Notes registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and evidenced by a Regulation S Global Certificate; and (ii) increase the amount 
of Notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. and evidenced by a Rule 144A Global Certificate. 
Although Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interest in Global Certificates among participants and accountholders of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedure, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent 
will have the responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their 
respective Direct Participants or Indirect Participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the Closing Date thereof, which 
could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, 
trades in the United States secondary market generally are required to settle within two business days (T+2), 
unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes 
in the United States on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business days until three business days prior to 
the relevant Closing Date will be required, by virtue of the fact the Notes initially will settle beyond T+2, to 
specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Settlement 
procedures in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices 
and purchasers of Notes between the relevant date of pricing and the relevant Closing Date should consult their 
own advisers.

--- Page 233 ---
217 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain Russian, Luxembourg, United Kingdom and United States tax 
considerations relating to the Notes and the Loans and does not purport to be a comprehensive analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes and the Loan. 
This summary should not be used for the purposes of the analysis of any tax implications arising for any 
instruments other than the Notes and the Loans. It is based upon the laws as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Neither the Borrower nor the Issuer assumes any obligation to update this summary after the date of 
this Base Prospectus for any changes or amendments in the applicable laws. 
The information and analysis contained within this section are limited to tax issues, and prospective investors 
should not apply any information or analysis set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality 
of transactions involving the Notes and/or the Loans. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors with respect to tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes arising in their particular circumstances under the tax laws 
of countries of which they are tax residents, or any other country, including, but not limited to, the consequences 
of the receipt of interest on the Notes and the sale or redemption of the Notes (in particular, in view of the 
applicability and effect of any other tax laws or double tax treaties, and of pending or proposed changes to the 
applicable tax laws as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and of any actual changes in the applicable tax laws 
after such date). No representation with respect to tax consequences relevant to any particular Noteholder is 
made hereby. 
Russian Federation 
The following is a general summary of certain Russian tax considerations relevant to the purchase, ownership and 
disposal of any Series of the Notes, as well as taxation of interest payments on the corresponding Loans.  
This summary does not seek to address the applicability of, and/or any procedures in relation to, taxes levied by 
regions, municipalities or other non-federal level authorities of Russia or tax implications arising for the 
Noteholders applying special tax regimes available under the Russian tax legislation. Similarly this summary does 
not seek to address the availability of  double tax treaty relief to, and the eligibility for, double tax relief of  the 
Noteholders in respect of income payable to them on any Series of the Notes or practical difficulties connected 
with claiming or obtaining such double tax treaty relief, including confirmation of the beneficial ownership status, 
non-application of limitation on benefits provisions, principal purpose test or any similar concepts. The analysis 
set out herein does not include any comments on tax implications which could arise for the Noteholders in 
connection with entering into REPO or stock-lending transactions with any Series of the Notes and/or into term 
deals, derivatives or any similar types of transactions with any Series of the Notes as well as for the Noteholders 
which do not qualify as individuals or organisations under the Russian tax legislation. 
This summary is based on laws and regulations of the Russian Federation and the practice of their interpretation 
and application as in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus (where they are subject to changes which could 
occur frequently, at short notice and could apply retroactively). Many aspects of Russian tax laws and regulations 
are subject to significant uncertainty and lack of interpretive guidance resulting in different interpretations and 
inconsistent application thereof by the various Russian authorities in practice. Further, the substantive provisions 
of Russian tax law and regulations applicable to financial instruments may be subject to more rapid, frequent and 
unpredictable changes (possibly with the retroactive effect) and inconsistent interpretation and application than in 
jurisdictions with more developed capital markets and tax systems.  
In practice, interpretation and application of Russian tax law and regulations by different tax inspectorates and 
their representatives may be inconsistent or contradictory, and may result in the imposition of conditions, 
requirements or restrictions that are not explicitly stated by the law. Furthermore, court rulings on tax or other 
related matters taken by different courts relating to the same or similar circumstances may also be inconsistent or 
contradictory.

--- Page 234 ---
218 
 
Taxation of the Notes 
General 
For the purposes of this summary, the term Resident Noteholder means: 
 
a Noteholder which is (1) a Russian legal entity or an organisation (as defined by the Russian tax 
legislation) which acquires, holds and disposes the Notes; or (2) a legal entity or an organisation (as 
defined by the Russian tax legislation) formed under non-Russian law, which acquires, holds and 
disposes the Notes through its permanent establishment in Russia (as defined by the Russian Tax 
Code or applicable double tax treaty); or (3) a legal entity or an organisation (as defined by the 
Russian tax legislation) formed under non-Russian law and recognised as a Russian tax resident in 
accordance with the Russian Tax Code which acquires, holds and disposes of the Notes (the Resident 
Noteholder-Legal Entity). An organisation set up under a non-Russian law should  be deemed to be 
tax resident of the Russian Federation for the purposes of the Russian Tax Code (subject to certain 
exceptions), if (1) it is deemed to be a tax resident of the Russian Federation in accordance with an 
applicable double tax treaty  for the purposes of the application of that treaty or (2) based on the fact 
that its place of management is in the Russian Federation, subject to the relevant provisions of  the 
applicable double tax treaty; and 
 
a Noteholder who is an individual and who is actually present in the Russian Federation in aggregate 
for 183 calendar days or more in any period comprised of 12 consecutive months, who acquires, 
holds and disposes of the Notes (the Resident Noteholder–Individual). 
The presence in Russia for Russian personal income tax residency purposes is not considered interrupted if an 
individual during this 12 consecutive months departs from Russia for short periods of time (less than 6 months) 
for medical treatment, education purposes or completion of employment or other duties related to work (rendering 
services) at offshore hydrocarbon fields. 
For the purposes of this summary, a Non-Resident Noteholder means: 
 
a legal entity or an organisation which is a Noteholder and which does not qualify for the Resident 
Noteholder – Legal Entity (the Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity); and 
 
a Noteholder who is an individual and who does not satisfy the criteria for being a Russian tax 
resident as defined above (the Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual). 
Currently, the Russian Tax Code is generally interpreted by both the Russian tax authorities and taxpayers such 
that days of arrival as well as days of departure should be taken into account when calculating the total number of 
days of presence of an individual in Russia. However, we are aware of a court case where the court expressed the 
opinion that days of arrival should not be taken into account as opposed to days of departure. 
For the purposes of this summary, definitions of “Resident Noteholder” and “Non-Resident Noteholder” in respect 
of individuals are taken at face value based on the wording of Russian tax law as written as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. In practice, however, the application of the above formal residency definitions by the Russian 
tax authorities may differ depending on their position in each case. The law is currently worded in a way that 
implies the potential for a split year residency for individuals. However, both the Russian Ministry of Finance and 
the Russian tax authorities have expressed the view that an individual should be either a tax resident or non-tax 
resident in Russia for the full calendar year. 
Consequently, if the travel pattern dictates a differing tax residency status for an individual for a part of the tax 
(calendar) year, the application of Russian personal income residency tax rate may in practice be disallowed.  
Russian taxation rules may be affected by the provisions of the applicable double tax treaties.  
Resident Noteholders 
The Resident Noteholders will be subject to all applicable Russian taxes in respect of income derived by them in 
connection with the acquisition, ownership, sale and/or other disposal of the Notes (including interest received on 
the Notes) or in connection with payments under the Loan Agreement to the Issuer (or to the Trustee, as the case 
may be) if the Resident Noteholders qualify for persons that have the actual right to the respective income for the 
Russian tax purposes, subject to certain circumstances (as discussed below).

--- Page 235 ---
219 
 
Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers with respect to the effect that the acquisition, holding 
sale and/or other disposal of the Notes or payments under the Loan Agreement to the Issuer (or to the Trustee, as 
the case may be) may have on their tax position taking into account their particular circumstances. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Taxation of Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals 
Acquisition of the Notes 
Under the Russian tax legislation, the Russian tax treatment of income derived by Non-Resident 
Noteholders-Individuals will depend on whether this income qualifies as received from Russian or non-Russian 
sources. In case the income is not qualified as received from Russian sources, no tax consequences should arise. 
However, pursuant to provisions of the Russian Tax Code relating to the material benefit (deemed income) 
received by individuals as a result of the acquisition of securities, the acquisition of the Notes by Non-Resident 
Noteholders-Individuals may constitute a taxable event for Russian personal income tax purposes. In particular, 
if the acquisition price of the Notes is below the lower margin of the fair market value of the Notes calculated 
based on specific procedure for the determination of market prices of securities for Russian personal income tax 
purposes, the difference may become subject to Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such 
other tax rate as may be effective at the time of acquisition) provided that such material benefit, which is arguably, 
subject to reduction or elimination under the applicable double tax treaty.  
Under the Russian tax legislation, taxation of income of the Non-Resident Noteholders—Individuals will depend 
on whether this income is qualified as received from Russian or non-Russian sources. Since the Russian Tax Code 
does not contain any provisions as to how  the related material benefit receivable by individuals should be sourced, 
in practice the Russian tax authorities may infer that such income should be considered as a Russian source income 
if the Notes are purchased “in Russia”.  In the absence of any explicit guidance as to what should be considered 
as a purchase of securities “in Russia”, in practice the Russian tax authorities may apply various criteria in order 
to determine the source of the related material benefit, including looking at the place of conclusion of the 
acquisition transaction, the place of location of the issuer, or other similar criteria. 
There is no assurance therefore that as a result any material benefit received by the Non-Resident 
Noteholders-Individuals in connection with the acquisition of the Notes will not become taxable in Russia.  
Interest on the Notes and Repayment of Principal on the Notes 
Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals should not generally be subject to Russian personal income tax in respect 
of payments of interest and principal on the Notes received from the Issuer. 
Taxation of interest payable on the Notes may be affected however by the tax treatment of interest payable on the 
Loans (please see “Sale or other Disposal of the Notes” and “Taxation of Interest Payments on the Loans” below). 
Sale, redemption or other Disposal of the Notes 
Non-resident Noteholder–Individuals should not be subject to any Russian taxes in respect of gains or other 
income realised on a redemption, sale or other disposal of the Notes outside of Russia provided that the proceeds 
of such sale, redemption or disposal are not received from a source within Russia. 
Subject to any available tax treaty relief, if receipt of any proceeds from the sale or other disposal of the Notes 
received by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual qualify as a  Russian source income for Russian personal 
income tax purposes, these proceeds will be subject to Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or 
such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of disposal). 
Since the Russian Tax Code does not contain any additional guidance as to when the sales or other disposal 
proceeds should be deemed to be received from Russian sources by an individual not qualifying as a Russian tax 
resident for Russian personal income tax purposes, in practice the Russian tax authorities may infer that such 
income should be considered as a Russian source income if the Notes are sold or disposed “in Russia”. In the 
absence of any explicit guidance as to what should be considered as the sale or other disposal of securities “in 
Russia”, the Russian tax authorities may apply various criteria in order to determine the source of the sale or other 
disposal, including looking at the place of the conclusion of the sales transaction, the place of the location of the 
Issuer or other similar criteria. There is no assurance therefore that as a result sales or other disposal proceeds 
received by the Non -Resident Noteholders-Individuals will not become subject to Russian personal income tax.

--- Page 236 ---
220 
 
In case the sales or other disposal proceeds are considered as derived from Russian sources, Russian personal 
income tax will apply to the gross amount of sales or disposal proceeds received upon the disposal of the Notes 
(including accrued and paid interest on the Notes) decreased by the amount of any available cost deductions 
(including the original acquisition costs of the Notes and expenses relating to the acquisition, holding and sale or 
other disposal) provided that the Notes qualify as securities under Russian and applicable foreign law and such 
documentation is duly executed. There is a risk that, if the documentation supporting the cost deductions is deemed 
to be insufficient by the Russian tax authorities the deduction will be disallowed and Russian personal income tax 
will apply to the gross amount of sales or other disposal proceeds. 
In certain circumstances, if sales and/or disposal proceeds (including accrued and paid interest on the Notes) are 
paid to a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual by a party considered as tax agent for Russian tax purposes, the 
applicable Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the 
time of payment) will be withheld at source by such tax agent. Any organisation being a Russian tax resident, an 
individual entrepreneur, a Russian representative office or Russian branch of a foreign organisation making 
payment of proceeds from the sale or other disposal of the Notes to Non-Resident Noteholder—Individual may 
be considered as the tax agent. The amount of tax withheld will be calculated after taking into account the available 
documented deductions for the original acquisition costs and related expenses on the acquisition, holding and sale 
or other disposal of the Notes to the extent such deductions and expenses can be determined by the entity making 
the payment of income to a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual. The tax agent which is a professional 
intermediary acting under an asset management agreement, brokerage service agreement, an agency agreement or 
a commission agreement would be required to report to the Russian tax authorities in respect of its inability to 
withhold personal income tax in full within one month upon termination of the agreement (see above) or by March 
1 of the year following the calendar year in which the income was received. Failure or inability of the tax agent 
to timely withhold the applicable Russian personal income tax in full will place the onus of reporting and payment 
of such tax on the Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual. 
If the duly documented acquisition costs and other documented expenses related to the acquisition, holding and 
the sale or other disposal of the Notes were born within the relationship with a party other than the tax agent 
obliged to calculate and withhold Russian personal income tax in relation to the sales proceeds, then these original 
duly documented costs and other documented expenses related to the acquisition, holding and the sale or other 
disposal of the Notes may be taken into account by the tax agent upon written application of the Non-Resident 
Noteholder-Individual and presentation of the documents confirming the costs and expenses. 
If the Notes are sold to legal entities or organisations or individuals other than tax agents as defined in the 
preceding paragraphs, generally no Russian personal income tax should be withheld at source by these persons. 
The Non-Resident Noteholder Individual will then be required to file a personal income tax return individually, 
report on the amount of income realised to the Russian tax authorities and apply for a deduction in the amount of 
the acquisition and other expenses relating to the purchase, holding and sale or other disposal of the Notes 
confirmed by the supporting documentation. The applicable personal income tax will then have to be paid by the 
Non-Resident Noteholder Individual on the basis of the personal income tax return. 
Under certain circumstances, gains received and losses incurred by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual as a 
result of the sale or other disposal of the Notes and other securities of the same category (i.e., securities qualified 
as traded or non-traded for Russian personal income tax purposes) occurring within the same tax year may be 
aggregated for Russian personal income tax purposes, which could affect the total amount of income of the Non-
Resident Noteholder-Individual subject to taxation in Russia. 
Any taxable gains derived by a Non-Resident Noteholder Individual from the sale or other disposal of the Notes 
may be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the currency of the acquisition of the Notes, the currency 
of the sale or other disposal of the Notes and Roubles. For personal income tax purposes deductible costs and 
proceeds from the disposal of the Notes are converted into Roubles at the exchange rate of the Central Bank of 
Russia as of the date when the costs were incurred and proceeds were received, respectively. This may result in a 
taxable income due to the devaluation of the Rouble, even if in foreign currency terms there is no gain or even a 
capital loss.

--- Page 237 ---
221 
 
Taxation of Non-Resident Noteholders—Legal Entities 
Acquisition of the Notes 
The mere acquisition of the Notes by the Non-Resident Noteholders-Legal Entities per se (whether upon their 
issue or upon their acquisition in the secondary market) should not trigger any adverse Russian tax implications 
for the Non-Resident Noteholders-Legal Entities at the moment of the acquisition. 
Interest on the Notes and Repayment of Principal on the Notes 
Non-Resident Noteholders-Legal Entities should not generally be subject to any Russian taxes in respect of 
payments of interest and repayment of principal on the Notes received from the Issuer. 
Taxation of interest on any Series of the Notes may however be affected by the Russian withholding tax treatment 
of interest on the Loans (please see “Taxation of Interest Payments on the Loans” below). 
Sale, redemption and/or other Disposal of the Notes 
According to the Russian Tax Code the list of Russian source income includes interest on Russian state and 
municipal securities as well as interest on debt obligations of Russian organisations. Interest payable on debt 
obligations of foreign companies (including accrued interest embedded in any proceeds derived in connection 
with the disposal of the debt obligations of such non-Russian entities (such as the Notes)), is not explicitly included 
in the list of Russian source income. On this basis, such interest should not qualify as the Russian source income 
and thus, should not be subject to Russian withholding tax. 
However, there is some uncertainty regarding the Russian withholding tax treatment of the portion of the sales or 
disposal proceeds if any attributable to accrued interest (coupon) on the Notes where proceeds from sale or other 
disposal of the Notes are received from a source within Russia by a Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity. This 
uncertainty is caused by isolated precedents in the Russian market when the Russian tax authorities challenged 
the non-application of the Russian withholding tax to the amount of accrued interest (coupon) embedded into the 
sales price of the debt obligation issued by non-Russian entities which were paid out by the Russian organisations. 
Although the Russian Ministry of Finance in its subsequent clarification letters opined that the amount of sale or 
other disposal proceeds attributable to the accrued interest paid to a non-Russian organisation should not be 
regarded as Russian source income and on this basis should not be subject to taxation in Russia, there remains a 
possibility that a Russian entity, an individual entrepreneur or a foreign entity having a registered tax presence in 
Russia, which purchases the Notes from a Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity or acts as an intermediary which 
pays out sales/disposal proceeds to a Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity may seek to assess Russian 
withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent. (or such other rate as could be effective at the time of such sale or other 
disposal). The tax may apply to the accrued interest portion of the disposal proceeds of the Notes (if the holding 
period can be properly confirmed) or to the gross amount of income. 
Tax Treaty Relief 
The Russian Federation has concluded double tax treaties with a number of countries and honours some double 
tax treaties concluded by the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. These double tax treaties may contain 
provisions allowing to reduce or eliminate the applicable Russian income taxes imposed on income received by 
Non-Resident Noteholders from Russian sources in connection with the acquisition, holding, sale and other 
disposal of the Notes.  
In order to apply double tax treaty (in cases where double tax treaties are generally available), a Non-Resident 
Noteholder will have to comply with the certification, information and reporting requirements which are in force 
in Russia (relating, in particular, to the confirmation of the entitlement and eligibility to the respective double tax 
treaty benefits). 
In particular, under the standard rules, a Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity which has the actual right to 
receive the respective income (i.e., which qualifies as the “beneficial owner of income” for Russian tax purposes) 
and is eligible for the benefits of the applicable double tax treaty should provide the tax agent with satisfactory 
documentary evidence to these facts as well as the duly executed tax residency certificate before the date of the 
income payment.  A Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity is obliged to provide a beneficial ownership 
confirmation to the tax agent that pays out to it the respective Russian source income. For this purpose tax 
residency status of legal entities which are banks residing in jurisdictions which have concluded double tax treaties

--- Page 238 ---
222 
 
with the Russian Federation (which have the actual right to receive income) can be confirmed by public 
information guides (e.g. Bankers Almanac) in lieu of the tax residency certificate.   
In order to apply for tax exemption or payment of tax at a reduced tax rate under the respective double tax treaty 
a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual which has the actual right to receive income should confirm his/her tax 
residency status to the tax agent. For these purposes a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual resident in a country 
that has a double tax treaty with Russia should provide to the tax agent a passport of a foreign citizen or other 
document that is deemed to be an identification document under the Federal law or an applicable international 
treaty. If this document is not sufficient to prove the tax residency status, the tax agent will request the Non-
Resident Noteholder–Individual to provide a tax residency certificate issued by the competent authorities in his/ 
her country of residence for tax purposes.  
If the documents proving residency in the respective state are submitted to the tax agent after the personal income 
tax is withheld, the tax agent will be required to reimburse to the Non-Resident Noteholder—Individual the 
amount of tax withheld. 
It is not explicit whether under new law Russian citizens who are Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals may 
enjoy exemption from taxation at source under an applicable double tax treaty in practice. In practice the law does 
not clearly establish how the tax agent should determine whether a passport is sufficient to confirm the individual’s 
eligibility for double tax treaty benefits. The procedure of elimination of double taxation by means of exemption 
under an applicable double tax treaty of the Non-Resident Noteholders–Individuals in case of absence of a tax 
agent is not explicitly indicated in the Russian Tax Code.  
The Non-Resident Noteholder-Individuals should consult their own tax advisors with respect to possible tax treaty 
relief and procedures which have to be satisfied in order to obtain tax relief in regards of Russian personal income 
tax, which may apply to interest on the Notes or proceeds received by them from the acquisition, sale or other 
disposal of the Notes. 
On June 7, 2017, Russia signed the MLI. Many other countries have also signed the MLI or expressed intention 
to sign the MLI. The MLI sets out additional requirements for the application of the double taxation treaty benefits, 
including in relation to the reduced withholding tax rates. The respective changes came into effect for some of 
double tax treaties concluded by Russia from 1 January 2021. These changes may have additional adverse impact 
on the availability of double tax treaty benefits to the Non-Resident Noteholders that are tax residents in the 
relevant countries. 
Tax Refund 
If Russian withholding tax is withheld at source from income payable to a Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity, 
despite the domestic release available for the Russian tax agents, a claim for a refund of the Russian income tax 
that was withheld at source can generally be filed by this Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity with the Russian 
tax authorities either based on general tax reclaim procedures within three years following the date of withholding, 
or provided that such Non-Resident Noteholder-Legal Entity is entitled to the benefits of the applicable double 
tax treaty allowing it not to pay the tax or allowing it to pay the tax at a reduced tax rate in relation to such income 
within three years following the year in which the tax was withheld. There is no assurance that such refund will 
be available in practice to the Non-Resident Noteholder – Legal Entity. 
If Russian personal income tax on income derived from Russian sources by a Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual 
for whom double tax treaty relief is available was withheld at source despite the right of this Non-Resident 
Noteholder-Individual to rely on the benefits of the applicable double tax treaty allowing such individual not to 
pay the tax in Russia or allowing to pay the tax at a reduced tax rate in relation to such income, a claim for a  
refund of Russian personal tax which was excessively withheld at source  together with a passport  of a foreign 
individual/tax residency certificate issued by the competent authority in his/her country of residence may be filed 
by that Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual with the tax agent within three years following the tax year when the 
corresponding income was received. In the absence of a tax agent who withheld the Russian personal income tax 
on such income (e.g., in case of a liquidation of the tax agent), an application for a refund may be filed with the 
Russian tax authorities within the same period (three years fallowing tax year when the corresponding income 
was received) with the Russian tax return, a tax residency certificate and documents proving tax withholding to 
the Russian tax authorities. There can be no assurance that the tax agent and/or the Russian tax authorities will 
refund this tax in practice.

--- Page 239 ---
223 
 
Although the Russian Tax Code arguably contains an exhaustive list of documents and information which have 
to be provided by the Non-Resident Noteholder to the Russian tax authorities for the tax refund purposes (if the 
refund is claimed on the basis of the relief available under the applicable double tax treaty), the Russian tax 
authorities may  in practice  require a wide variety of documentation confirming, for instance, the right of a Non-
Resident Noteholder to obtain tax relief available under the applicable double tax treaty. Such documentation may 
not be explicitly required by the Russian Tax Code and may to a large extent depend on the position of local 
representatives of the tax inspectorates. 
Obtaining a refund of Russian income taxes, which were excessively withheld at source is likely to be a time-
consuming and lengthy process requiring great efforts, and no assurance can be given that such refund will be 
granted to the Non-Resident Noteholders in practice. 
The Non-Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding procedures required to be fulfilled 
in order to obtain the refund of Russian income taxes which were excessively withheld at source. 
Taxation of Interest payments on the Loans 
In general, payments of interest on loans made by a Russian legal entity to a non-resident organisation which does 
not qualify as the Russian tax resident and which does not have permanent establishment in Russia are subject to 
Russian withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of payment), 
which could potentially be reduced or eliminated pursuant to the terms of an applicable double tax treaty subject 
to timely compliance with the respective treaty clearance formalities by the interest recipient and confirmation of 
its beneficial ownership status. 
Under Russian tax law, the person who has actual right to receive income (the beneficial owner) is defined as the 
person which based on direct or indirect participation in a Russian organisation, control over the organisation or 
due to other reasons has the right to use and dispose of the relevant income for his/her own benefit. Functions 
undertaken and risks borne by such person are taken into account when determining the beneficial ownership 
status. A person cannot be regarded as a beneficial owner if he/she (1) has limited authorities to use or dispose the 
income, (2) acts as an intermediary and undertakes no additional functions or accepts no risks, (3) is obliged to 
pass the income to a third party which would not be eligible to the respective benefits if it were receiving the 
respective income directly from Russian sources.  
Generally, based on the exemption envisaged by the Russian Tax Code, Russian borrowers, which are 
organisations, should be fully released from the obligation to withhold Russian tax from interest and other 
payments made to foreign organisations provided that the following conditions are all simultaneously met: 
(1) 
interest is paid on debt obligations of Russian organisations that arose in connection with the placement 
by foreign organisations of “issued bonds”, which are defined as bonds or other debt obligations (a) listed 
and/or admitted to trading on one of the specified foreign exchanges, and/or (b) that have been registered 
with one of the qualifying foreign depository/clearing organisations. 
The lists of the qualifying foreign exchanges and foreign depositary/clearing organisations were 
approved by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation in its Order No. 4393-U of May 30, 2017 (the 
Lists).  
Each Series of the Notes should be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and held through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or DTC. The Irish Stock Exchange plc (currently operating under 
the trading name Euronext Dublin), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are included in the Lists. 
DTC is not expressly mentioned in the Lists. When the Irish Stock Exchange plc changes its legal name, 
it would technically cease appearing in the Lists.  
There is some uncertainty with respect to those Series of the Notes which, if issued, would be cleared 
through DTC and would be admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, after the change of its 
legal name. Such Series of the Notes may not qualify for the “issued bonds” for the purposes of the 
respective tax exemption, unless the Lists are amended to replace the Irish Stock Exchange plc with the 
new legal name thereof or there is a specific guidance from the Russian regulatory or the tax authorities 
acknowledging that the reference to the Irish Stock Exchange plc should be read as the reference to the 
new legal name of it.

--- Page 240 ---
224 
 
(2) 
the connection between the loan and the issued bonds should be evidenced and supported with certain 
documents, which are set out in the Russian Tax Code, including the prospectus and/or the loan 
agreement. 
(3) 
the recipient of interest on the relevant Loan is a foreign organisations which is the issuer of the “issued 
bonds” (i.e., the Issuer), or a foreign entity authorised to receive interest income payable on the “issued 
bonds”, or a foreign entity to which rights and obligations under the “issued bonds” issued by another 
foreign entity have been assigned; 
(4) 
there is a double tax treaty between Russia and the jurisdiction of tax residence of the recipient of 
payments on the relevant Loan which can be confirmed by a duly executed  tax residency certificate 
issued by the competent authorities of his/ her country of residence for tax purposes and effective as of 
the moment of income payment. 
We believe that it should be possible to satisfy conditions established by the Russian Tax Code and obtain a release 
from the obligation to withhold Russian income tax from payments of interest and certain other amounts, as the 
case may be, on each Loan to the Issuer as long as the conditions set out above are met throughout the term of 
each Loan and the Notes of any Series subject to the qualifications set out above.  
Importantly, the Russian Tax Code does not provide for the similar exemption to the non-Russian recipients of 
interest income from Russian withholding tax and/or Russian personal income tax, as the case may be, in addition 
to the release of the Russian borrower from withholding tax obligations in respect of interest payable on the 
relevant Loans. Currently there is no requirement and mechanism in the Russian tax legislation which would allow 
the foreign legal entities to self-assess and pay the tax to the Russian tax authorities, in case the tax was not 
withheld at source; such rules however are set out for non-Russian tax residents which are individuals.  
At the same time the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation acknowledged in its informational letter 
published on its respective website that the release of Russian companies from withholding tax agent obligations 
arising in the respective structures should effectively mean that no Russian withholding tax should arise, since 
there is neither a mechanism nor obligation for a non-Russian resident to calculate and pay the tax independently 
to the Russian budget under such circumstances. There can be no assurance, therefore, that such requirements and 
mechanism will be introduced in the future or that the Russian tax authorities would make attempts to collect the 
tax from the foreign income recipients, including the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
If interest and/or any other payments on any Loan become payable to the Trustee pursuant to the security 
arrangements described herein, there is some residual uncertainty as to whether the release from the obligation to 
withhold tax under the exemption described above would be applicable to interest on the Loans payable to the 
Trustee. Specifically, based on the literal interpretation of the respective provisions, there is an uncertainty as to 
whether the Trustee, following the enforcement of the Security, will qualify as the “entity authorized to receive 
interest income payable on the issued bonds” contained in the Russian Tax Code. Under such circumstances, it is 
not also expected that the Trustee will or will be able to claim the exemption from or the reduction in standard 
Russian withholding tax rate applicable to interest under any double tax treaty due to the nature of its functions. 
It creates a potential risk that in case payments under any Loan are made to the Trustee for the benefit of the Non-
Resident Noteholders, the Russian withholding tax at the rate of 20% (or such other tax rate as may be effective 
at the time of payment) or Russian personal income tax at the rate of 30% (or such other tax rate as may be 
effective at the time of payment), should be deducted from the amount of interest and some other payments under 
the relevant Loan Agreement.  
While some Non-Resident Noteholders may generally seek reduction or elimination of Russian withholding tax 
or personal income tax, as applicable, or  refund of the respective taxes under applicable double tax treaties entered 
into between their countries of tax residence and the Russian Federation, where such treaties exist and to the extent 
they are applicable, there is no assurance that treaty relief or refund will be available to them in practice under 
such circumstances. Resident Noteholders that have the actual right to interest and other income on any Loan will 
be subject to Russian personal income tax (for Resident Noteholders - Individuals) which may be either withheld 
at source or payable on a self-assessed basis or profits tax (for Resident Noteholders – Legal Entities) at applicable 
Russian tax rates. 
If interest payable on any Loan becomes subject to Russian withholding tax or Russian personal income tax, as 
may be applicable, (as a result of which the Issuer will reduce interest payable under the corresponding Series of 
the Notes by the amount of such withholding taxes), the Company will be obliged (subject to certain conditions) 
under the terms of the relevant Loan Agreement to increase the amounts payable by it under the relevant Loan

--- Page 241 ---
225 
 
(“gross up”) as may be necessary to ensure that the net payments received by the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
will not be less than the amounts they would have received in the absence of such withholding. There is a risk that 
gross-up for Russian withholding tax will not take place and that payments under the respective Loans will be 
reduced by the amount of Russian income tax or Russian personal income tax withheld by us at source. 
No VAT should be payable in Russia in respect of interest and principal payments under any Loan. 
LUXEMBOURG 
The following general summary is based upon the tax laws of Luxembourg as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change that may come into effect after that date. 
The following is a general description of certain tax laws relating to the Notes and the tax position of the 
Noteholders. As such it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective 
holder or beneficial owner of the Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes in the light of their particular circumstances. 
Luxembourg tax residence of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by reason 
of holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Withholding Tax and Self-Applied Tax 
Under current Luxembourg tax law, payments of interest by the Issuer under the Notes will, with the possible 
exception of interest payments made to certain individual Noteholders, be made free of withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein to the extent that such interest has been negotiated at 
arm’s length and is not profit participating. There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, with the possible 
exception of payments made to certain individual Noteholders, upon repayment of principal in case of 
reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes. 
Luxembourg non-resident individuals 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes is connected, will 
not be subject to taxes (income taxes and net wealth tax) or duties in Luxembourg with respect to payments of 
principal or interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption, repurchase or 
exchange of the Notes or capital gains realised upon disposal or repayment of the Notes. 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended from time to time, on the introduction of a 
withholding tax on certain interest payments on savings income (the Law), interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax.  
Pursuant to the Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, can opt to self-
declare and pay a current 20 per cent. tax on interest payments by paying agents located in an EU Member State 
other than Luxembourg or in a Member State of the European Economic Area other than an EU Member State. 
Taxation of the Noteholders 
A Noteholder who derives income from a Note or who realises a gain on the disposal or redemption of a Note will 
not be subject to Luxembourg taxation on income or capital gains unless: 
 
the Noteholder is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
 
such income or gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on by a non-
resident through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg.

--- Page 242 ---
226 
 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are however not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal 
of a Note, unless such a disposal precedes the acquisition of the Note or the Note is disposed of within six months 
of its date of acquisition. The Luxembourg tax treatment of the accrued and unpaid interest upon the sale, 
redemption or exchange of the Notes should be addressed by the Noteholders’ advisors depending on their 
particular circumstances. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which benefit from a special tax regime (such as family wealth 
management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007, undertakings for collective investment subject to the 
law of 17 December 2010, specialised investment funds subject to the law of 13 February 2007 or reserved 
alternative investment funds (RAIF) subject to the law of 23 July 2016 other than those subject to article 48 of the 
said law) are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax and net wealth tax) other than the annual subscription tax calculated on their 
(paid up) share capital (and share premium) or net asset value.  
For Luxembourg venture capital companies (société d’investissement en capital à risque – SICAR) subject to the 
law of 15 June 2004, RAIFs subject to article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016, and corporate pension funds 
(SEPCAV) subject to the law of 9 June 1999 on pension funds, income derived from certain securities or from 
the disposal of certain securities is not subject to corporate income tax or municipal business tax.  
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a Noteholder unless: 
 
the Noteholder is, or is deemed to be, a fully taxable company resident in Luxembourg; or 
 
such Noteholder is a non-resident company carrying out business activities through a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg and the Note is attributable to such 
permanent establishment. 
For Luxembourg venture capital companies (société d’investissement en capital à risque – SICAR) subject to the 
law of 15 June 2004, RAIFs subject to article 48 of the law of 23 July 2016, corporate pension funds (SEPCAV) 
and pension savings associations (ASSEP) subject to the law of 9 June 1999 on pension funds and securitisation 
companies subject to the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, only the minimum net wealth tax applies. 
Other Taxes 
Luxembourg gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, or on the death 
of, a Noteholder unless: 
 
the Noteholder is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or as a gift made by or on behalf of a person who, at the 
time of death or gift, is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions (in which case inheritance tax may apply or not, depending on the relationship between 
the deceased and the heir); or 
 
such Note is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on by a non-resident through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg; or 
 
the gift is registered in Luxembourg, which is not mandatory. 
There is no proportional Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty 
(other than nominal court fees and contributions for the registration with the Chamber of Commerce) payable in 
Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and enforcement by legal proceedings 
(including any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Notes or the performance of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes. If documents related to the Notes or Loans are registered, a fixed registration duty of 
EUR75 will apply. 
There is no Luxembourg VAT payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or in 
respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of a Note. Luxembourg VAT may, 
however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg VAT

--- Page 243 ---
227 
 
purposes such services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in Luxembourg and an exemption from VAT 
does not apply with respect to such services. 
The above statements on taxation are based on the laws and practices in force at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As is the case with any investment, there can be no guarantee that the tax position or proposed tax position at the 
time of an investment will endure indefinitely. 
Certain US Federal Income Tax Considerations 
The following discussion is a summary of certain US federal income tax considerations relevant to the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion addresses only US Holders (as defined below) who 
purchase Notes in the original offering at the original offering price, hold the Notes as capital assets and use the 
US dollar as their functional currency. This discussion is not a complete description of all US tax considerations 
relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes that may be relevant to particular purchasers. It does 
not address the tax treatment of prospective purchasers subject to special rules, such as banks, dealers in currencies 
and securities, traders that elect to mark-to-market, insurance companies, investors liable for the alternative 
minimum tax, US expatriates, tax-exempt entities, persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of 
any item of gross income with respect to the Notes being taken into account in an applicable financial statement 
or persons holding Notes as part of a hedge, straddle, conversion or other integrated financial transaction. It also 
does not address the tax treatment of prospective purchasers that will hold the Notes in connection with a 
permanent establishment outside of the United States. This discussion does not consider US federal estate and gift 
tax, US state or local tax matters, Medicare contribution tax, or non-US tax considerations. Finally, this discussion 
does not address prospective purchasers of further Notes, which may be issued at a discount or premium from the 
original offering price. 
This summary is based on the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the US Tax Code), existing and 
proposed US Treasury Regulations, administrative pronouncements and judicial decisions, each as available and 
in effect on the date hereof. All of the foregoing are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or differing 
interpretations, which could affect the tax consequences described herein. 
For purposes of this discussion, a US Holder is a beneficial owner of a Note that is, for purposes of US federal 
income taxation, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation or other business entity 
treated as a corporation for US federal income tax purposes created or organised under the laws of the United 
States or its political subdivisions, (iii) a trust subject to the control of a U.S. person and the primary supervision 
of a US court, or (iv) an estate the income of which is subject to US federal income taxation regardless of its 
source. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for US federal income tax purposes acquires or holds the Notes, 
the tax treatment of the partnership and a partner in such partnership generally will depend upon the status of the 
partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective investor that is a partnership for US federal income tax 
purposes should consult its tax advisors about the tax consequences for its partners of the partnership purchasing, 
holding and disposing of Notes.  
The following summary does not discuss Notes that are characterized as contingent payment debt instruments for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event the Issuer issues Notes that are contingent payment debt instruments 
based on the particular terms of such Notes, the relevant Final Terms will describe the material U.S. federal income 
tax consequences thereof. 
Characterisation of the Notes 
No authority directly addresses the US federal income tax characterisation of securities like the Notes and the 
Issuer has not and will not seek a ruling from the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) as to their characterisation 
for such purposes. Although the matter is not free from doubt, to the extent relevant for US tax purposes, the 
Issuer intends to take the position that a beneficial owner of a Note will be treated as the beneficial owner of a 
debt instrument. Such characterisation is binding on all US Holders unless a US Holder discloses otherwise on its 
US federal income tax return. The discussion below assumes that the Notes are properly treated as debt 
instruments that are not contingent payment debt instruments for US federal income tax purposes. No assurance 
can be given that the IRS will not assert, or a court would not sustain, a position regarding the characterisation of 
the Notes that is contrary to this treatment. Alternative characterisations include treatment of the Notes as equity 
in the Issuer or as other types of financial instruments. If the Notes were treated as equity interests of the Issuer, 
US Holders may be treated as owning interests in a passive foreign investment company, which could have

--- Page 244 ---
228 
 
materially adverse tax consequences for a US Holder. Prospective investors should seek advice from their tax 
advisors as to the consequences to them of alternative characterisations of the Notes for US federal income tax 
purposes. 
Interest 
Stated interest on the Notes, including any additional amounts, will be includible in the gross income of a US 
Holder in accordance with the holder’s regular method of tax accounting, so long as it is treated as qualified stated 
interest described below. The interest, including any amounts withheld therefrom in respect of non-US taxes and 
additional amounts paid on account of such withheld tax, and OID, if any, accrued on the Notes will generally be 
ordinary income from sources outside the United States. 
A US Holder of a Note issued with OID must accrue the OID into income on a constant yield to maturity basis 
whether or not it receives cash payments. Generally, a Note will have OID to the extent that its stated redemption 
price at maturity exceeds its issue price. However, a Note will not be treated as issued with OID if the stated 
redemption exceeds its issue price by less than 1/4 of 1 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the number of complete years to maturity (de minimis OID). The issue price of a Note is the initial 
offering price at which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold (excluding sales to brokers or similar persons). 
The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments due on the Note other than payments 
of qualified stated interest. In general, qualified stated interest is interest that is unconditionally payable at least 
annually at a single fixed rate. Interest would be treated as unconditionally payable if reasonable legal remedies 
exist to compel timely payment or the terms of which make non-payment remote. The Issuer intends to take the 
position and the discussion herein assumes that stated interest on the Notes is qualified stated interest (except as 
otherwise specified). In the event that the Notes are issued with OID, the amount of OID with respect to a Note 
includible in income by a US Holder is the sum of the “daily portions” of OID with respect to the Note for each 
day during the taxable year or portion thereof in which such US Holder holds such Note. A daily portion is 
determined by allocating to each day in any “accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID that accrued in such 
period. The accrual period of a Note may be of any length and may vary in length over the term of the Note, 
provided that each accrual period is no longer than one year and each scheduled payment of principal or interest 
occurs either on the first or last day of an accrual period. The amount of OID that accrues with respect to any 
accrual period is the excess of (i) the product of the Note’s “adjusted issue price” at the beginning of such accrual 
period and its “yield to maturity”, determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and 
properly adjusted for the length of such period, over (ii) the amount of stated interest allocable to such accrual 
period. The adjusted issue price of a Note at the start of any accrual period is equal to its issue price, increased by 
the accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on 
the Notes that were not stated interest payments. The yield to maturity of a Note is the discount rate that, when 
used in computing the present value of all principal and interest payments to be made under the Note, produces 
an amount equal to the issue price of the Note. For purposes of determining OID accruals and adjusted issue price 
with respect to Floating Rate Notes only, the amounts of stated interest and OID are determined by assuming that 
the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes is a fixed rate based on the value of the floating rate applicable to such 
Notes as of the issue date. 
A US Holder may elect to recognise all yield on a Note (including de minimis OID) using a constant yield method. 
The constant yield election generally will apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made, and it may not 
be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
It is possible that stated interest on the Notes will not be treated as qualified stated interest. In such circumstances, 
all interest (and any discount) on the Notes would be treated as OID and a US Holder would be required to include 
the OID in income on a constant yield to maturity basis whether or not it receives a cash payment on any payment 
date.  
In the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than US dollars (foreign currency), a cash basis US Holder 
receiving stated interest in foreign currency must include in income a US dollar amount based on the spot exchange 
rate on the date of receipt whether or not the payment is converted into US dollars on such date. An accrual basis 
US Holder (and a cash basis US Holder in the case of OID, if any) accruing interest or OID in foreign currency 
generally must include in income a US dollar amount based on the average exchange rate during the accrual period 
(or, for an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the partial accrual period within each taxable year). Upon 
receipt of an interest payment (or other payment treated as a payment of accrued OID, if any) in foreign currency 
(including, amounts received upon sale of a Note that are attributable to accrued and unpaid interest or OID, if 
any, previously included in income), US Holders that have accrued interest (or OID, if any) will recognise 
exchange gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the US dollar amount previously accrued and the

--- Page 245 ---
229 
 
US dollar value of the payment received at the spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Foreign exchange gain 
or loss will be US source ordinary income or loss and generally will not be considered additional interest income 
or expense. 
An accrual basis US Holder (and a cash basis US Holder with respect to OID, if any) may elect to translate accrued 
interest into US dollars at the spot exchange rate on the last day of the accrual period (or, for an accrual period 
that spans two taxable years, in the case of the first partial period, the last day of the taxable year). If accrued 
interest (or OID, if any) actually is received within five business days of the last day of the accrual period (or the 
taxable year, in the case of a partial accrual period), an electing accrual basis US Holder (and a cash basis US 
Holder with respect to OID, if any) instead may translate the accrued interest at the spot exchange rate on the date 
of actual receipt for purposes of translating accrued interest income (or OID, if any) into US dollars (in which 
case no exchange gain or loss will be taken into account upon receipt). Currency translation elections will apply 
to all debt instruments that the electing US Holder holds or acquires as of the beginning of that taxable year or 
thereafter acquires and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. For purposes of determining exchange 
gain or loss, all payments on a Note (other than payments of stated interest) will be viewed as payments, first, of 
stated interest, then of previously accrued OID (with payments considered made for the earliest accrual periods 
first) and, finally, payments of principal. 
For purposes of this discussion, the “spot exchange rate” generally means a rate that reflects a fair market rate of 
exchange available to the public for currency under a “spot contract” in a free market and involving representative 
amounts. The “average exchange rate” for an accrual period (or partial period) is the average of the spot exchange 
rates for each business day of such period or other average exchange rate for the period reasonably derived and 
consistently applied by a US Holder. 
Stated interest income and OID, if any, on the Notes will be treated as foreign source income and generally will 
be considered “passive category income” in computing the foreign tax credit allowable to US Holders for US 
federal income tax purposes. To the extent payments under the Loan are subject to Russian withholding tax, it is 
unclear whether a US Holder that is eligible for benefits under the income tax treaty between the Russian 
Federation and the United States may claim an exemption from or reduction in Russian withholding tax, if any, 
imposed on the Notes, see discussions under “Taxation—Russian Federation—Tax Treaty Relief” and 
“Taxation—Russian Federation—Taxation of Interest Payments on the Loans”. It is also unclear whether a US 
Holder could claim a deduction or foreign tax credit for any Russian tax withheld from payments on the Loan. 
Each US Holder should consult its tax advisor about its eligibility for exemption from, and its ability to credit or 
deduct any Russian withholding tax which reduces payments on the Notes. 
There is some uncertainty as to the proper treatment of a replacement of LIBOR due to its discontinuation. Under 
proposed US Treasury Regulations, certain rate replacements would not affect the treatment of Floating Rate 
Notes that otherwise meet the requirements as “variable rate debt instruments,” provided that certain conditions 
set forth in the proposed US Treasury Regulations are met. There is no assurance that the Floating Rate Notes of 
any series (assuming they otherwise meet the conditions to be treated as “variable rate debt instruments”) will 
meet these conditions or that the IRS will not challenge the treatment of such Notes as “variable rate debt 
instruments.” 
Disposition 
A US Holder will recognise gain or loss on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note in an 
amount equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition 
(less any accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included 
in income) and the US Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note, in each case as determined in US dollars. US 
Holders should consult their tax advisors about how to account for proceeds received on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of Notes that are not paid in US dollars. A US Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note 
generally will equal the US Holder’s US dollar cost of the Note increased by previously accrued OID, if any, and 
reduced by payments on the Notes other than payments of stated interest. Subject to the foreign currency gain or 
loss discussed below, any such gain or loss will generally be considered US source and will be long-term capital 
gain or loss if the Note has been held for more than one year. The long term capital gains of non-corporate US 
Holders may be taxed at lower rates. Deductions for capital losses are subject to limitations. 
In the case of Notes denominated in a foreign currency, gain or loss recognised on the sale, exchange, retirement 
or other disposition of a Note that is attributable to changes in the spot exchange rate for foreign currency between 
the dates of acquisition (or accrual, in the case of accrued interest or OID, if any) and disposition of the Note, 
generally will be treated as US source ordinary income or loss and will not be considered additional interest

--- Page 246 ---
230 
 
income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates generally will equal the 
difference, if any, between the US dollar value of the US Holder’s foreign currency purchase price for the Note, 
determined at the spot rate of exchange on the date the US Holder disposes of the Note and the US dollar value 
of the US Holder’s purchase price for the Note, determined at the spot rate of exchange on the date the US Holder 
purchased such Note. In addition, a US Holder may recognise exchange gain or loss attributable to amounts 
received with respect to stated interest and accrued OID, if any, which will be treated as discussed above under 
“—Interest”. However, exchange gain or loss is taken into account only to the extent of total gain or loss 
recognised on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note. Exchange loss recognised on a sale, 
exchange, retirement or other disposition of a Note or foreign currency received in respect of a Note may be 
required to be reported to the IRS. US Holders should consult their tax advisors to determine the tax return 
obligations, if any, with respect to an investment in the Notes. 
To the extent proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Notes are subject to Russian tax, it is unclear 
whether a US Holder that is eligible for benefits under the income tax treaty between the Russian Federation and 
the United States may claim an exemption from or reduction in Russian tax, if any, imposed on such proceeds, 
see discussions under “—Russian Federation—Taxation of Non-Resident Noteholders-Individuals—Sale or other 
Disposal of the Notes” and “—Russian Federation—Tax Treaty Relief”. Moreover, because a US Holder’s gain 
from the sale or other disposition of the Notes would generally constitute US source income, the US Holder may 
not be able to utilize a foreign tax credit for any Russian taxes imposed (even if such Russian taxes are otherwise 
creditable for US federal income tax purposes) with respect to such gain unless the US Holder has foreign source 
income or gain from other sources. Each US Holder should consult its tax advisor about its eligibility for 
exemption from, and its ability to credit or deduct any Russian tax imposed on the proceeds from the sale or other 
disposition of the Notes. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The terms of the Notes and the Trust Deed provide that, in certain circumstances and without the consent of the 
Noteholders, another entity may be substituted in place of the Issuer as creditor under the Loan Agreement and as 
issuer and principal obligor in respect of the Notes. In certain circumstances, it is possible that such an assumption 
might be treated as a deemed disposition of Notes by a US Holder in exchange for new notes issued by the new 
obligor for US federal income tax purposes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver; Substitution; Exercise of Powers: Appointment and Removal of Trustee—Substitution”. 
As a result of this deemed disposition, a US Holder could be required to recognise capital gain or loss equal to the 
difference, if any, between the issue price of the new notes (as determined for US federal income tax purposes, 
which may equal the fair market value of the Notes at the time of the deemed exchange), and the US Holder’s 
adjusted tax basis in the Notes, and may be treated as acquiring the new notes with OID or a greater amount of 
OID. US Holders should consult their tax advisors concerning the US federal income tax consequences to them 
of a change in obligor with respect to the Notes. 
Further Notes 
Under the Trust Deed, the Issuer may issue further notes. If the further notes of a Series of Notes are not fungible 
for US federal income tax purposes with the Notes issued in the original offering of that Series of Notes, US 
holders of those notes may be required to accrue OID (or a different amount of OID) on the further notes into 
income. In such case, because the further notes may not be distinguishable from the previously outstanding Notes, 
the market value of all of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information reporting requirements may apply to payments of interest (including the accrual of OID, if any) on 
the Notes and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition (including a retirement or redemption) of a Note paid 
to a US Holder unless such US Holder is an exempt recipient, and, when required, provides evidence of such 
exemption. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the US Holder fails to provide a taxpayer 
identification number or a certification that it is not subject to backup withholding. 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may 
be allowed as a refund or a credit against a US Holder’s US federal income tax liability provided the required 
information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
Certain US Holders are required to report to the IRS information with respect to certain non US financial accounts, 
including Notes not held through an account with certain financial institutions. Investors who fail to report

--- Page 247 ---
231 
 
required information could become subject to substantial penalties. Potential investors should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the possible implications of this reporting obligation for their investment in the Notes. 
Reportable Transactions  
A US taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is required to disclose its participation to the IRS. 
Under the relevant rules, a US Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes 
denominated in a foreign currency as a reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the 
regulations, and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A significant penalty may be imposed 
on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect to a transaction resulting 
in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisers 
regarding the application of these rules. 
THE ABOVE DISCUSSION IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX MATTERS 
THAT MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR 
IS STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT ITS TAX ADVISOR ABOUT THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO IT 
OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Pursuant to proposed regulations issued in 2018, the date on which an FFI may be required to begin withholding 
US tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” that are treated as attributable to certain US source payments is 
deferred to the date that is two years after the date of publication in the Federal Register of applicable final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments. However, obligations that are characterised as debt for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which applicable 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). 
To date, no such final regulations have been issued. Accordingly, if the Issuer is treated as an FFI, FATCA could 
apply to payments on the Notes only if there is a significant modification of the Notes for US federal income tax 
purposes after the expiration of this grandfathering period. Non-US governments have entered into agreements 
with the United States (and additional non-US governments are expected to enter into such agreements) to 
implement FATCA in a manner that alters the rules described herein. Holders should consult their tax advisors on 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 248 ---
232 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Notes are not permitted to be acquired or held by employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and 
subject to Title I of ERISA, including collective investment funds, separate accounts or accounts whose underlying 
assets are treated as assets of such plans pursuant to the US Department of Labor (DOL) “plan assets” regulation, 
29 CFR Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (collectively, ERISA Plans), plans or other 
arrangements not subject to ERISA but subject to Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, including  individual 
retirement accounts and Keogh Plans (collectively, 4975 Plans), or by entities whose underlying assets include 
plan assets by reason of an investment in the entity by ERISA Plans or 4975 Plans or otherwise (collectively, Plan 
Asset Entities). ERISA Plans, 4975 Plans and Plan Asset Entities are collectively referred to as Benefit Plan 
Investors. Subject to certain restrictions described below, Notes are permitted to be acquired and held by 
governmental plans, non-electing church plans and other arrangements that are not subject to ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the US Tax Code and are not Benefit Plan Investors (collectively, Non-ERISA Plans). 
ERISA imposes fiduciary standards and certain other requirements on ERISA Plans and on those persons who are 
fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the US Tax Code also prohibit 
certain transactions involving the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor and certain persons (referred to as “parties in 
interest” or “disqualified persons” under ERISA or the US Tax Code) having certain relationships to such Benefit 
Plan Investors, unless a statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest 
or disqualified person who engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and 
other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the US Tax Code. A fiduciary of a Benefit Plan Investor that 
engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may also be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and 
the US Tax Code. Non-ERISA Plans are subject to applicable state, local or federal law, as well as the restrictions 
of duties of common law, and may also be subject to fiduciary or prohibited transaction provisions that operate 
similarly to those under ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code. 
Under the regulations issued by the DOL, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Regulations), 
unless certain exceptions apply, if a Benefit Plan Investor invests in an “equity interest” of an entity, that is neither 
a “publicly offered security” nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the Investment 
Company Act, the Benefit Plan Investor’s assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each 
of the entity’s underlying assets, unless it is established that the entity is not an “operating company” or that equity 
participation in the entity by Benefit Plan Investors is not “significant”. Equity participation is considered 
“significant” and therefore the “look through” rule will apply, where Benefit Plan Investors own 25 per cent. or 
more of the total value of any class of equity interest in the entity. For purposes of this 25 per cent. determination, 
the value of equity interests held by persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) that have discretionary authority 
or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provide investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) 
with respect to such assets (or any affiliate of such person) is disregarded. An equity interest does not include debt 
(as determined by applicable local law), which does not have substantial equity features. 
If the underlying assets of an entity are deemed to be plan assets, those with discretionary authority or control 
over the entity would be fiduciaries with respect to the entity’s assets. The assets of the entity would also be 
subject to the fiduciary and prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, as well 
as other rules applicable to plan assets. 
The Issuer believes that the Notes should be treated as debt rather than equity for purposes of the Plan Assets 
Regulations. The DOL, however, may take a contrary view or may view the Notes as having substantial equity 
features. Further, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will be able to monitor the Noteholders’ status as Benefit Plan 
Investors. Accordingly, the Notes are not permitted to be acquired or held by any Benefit Plan Investor. 
Non-ERISA Plans are permitted to acquire and hold the Notes, subject to certain restrictions described below. 
Each Non-ERISA Plan acquiring and holding the Notes will be deemed to have represented and warranted that it 
is not a Benefit Plan Investor, that the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Notes do not and will not violate 
any statute, regulation, administrative decision, policy or other legal authority applicable to the Non-ERISA Plan 
and the purchase, holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein do not and will not result in the 
assets of the Issuer being considered plan assets of such Non-ERISA Plan. Non-ERISA Plans are generally not 
subject to ERISA nor do the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code 
apply to these types of plans. However, governmental plans (as described in Section 3(32) of ERISA), are subject 
to prohibitions on related-party transactions under Section 503 of the US Tax Code, which prohibitions operate 
similarly to the prohibited transaction rules under ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, and other Non-
ERISA Plans may be subject to similar prohibitions. Accordingly, the fiduciary of a Non-ERISA Plan must

--- Page 249 ---
233 
 
consider applicable state or local laws, if any, imposed upon such plan before purchasing and holding a Note or 
any interest therein. 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE PURCHASER 
AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED 
AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT 
HOLDS SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN, THAT (1) IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE (A) AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE US TAX CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED APPLIES OR (C) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN 
ASSETS FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE US TAX CODE BY REASON OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY BY A PERSON DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B) ABOVE OR OTHERWISE, 
(2) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, OR OTHER PLAN 
OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS NOT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE US TAX 
CODE, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN 
DO NOT AND WILL NOT VIOLATE ANY STATUTE, REGULATION, ADMINISTRATIVE DECISION, 
POLICY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL AUTHORITY APPLICABLE TO SUCH GOVERNMENTAL PLAN OR 
OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS NOT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE US TAX CODE, AND THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN DO NOT AND WILL NOT RESULT IN THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OF THE NOTES 
BEING CONSIDERED PLAN ASSETS OF SUCH GOVERNMENTAL PLAN OR OTHER PLAN NOT 
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE US TAX CODE, AND (3) IT WILL NOT SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT FIRST 
OBTAINING THE SAME FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS FROM 
THAT PERSON. 
The foregoing is not intended to be exhaustive and the law governing investments by Benefit Plan Investors and 
Non-ERISA Plans is subject to extensive administrative and judicial interpretations. The foregoing discussion 
should not be construed as legal advice. The sale of any Notes to any Non-ERISA Plan is in no respect a 
representation by the Issuer or any of its affiliates that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements 
with respect to investments by Non-ERISA Plans generally or any particular Non-ERISA Plan, or that such an 
investment is appropriate for Non-ERISA Plans generally or any particular Non-ERISA Plan. Any potential 
purchaser or holder of Notes should consult counsel with respect to issues arising under ERISA, the US Tax Code 
and other applicable laws and make their own independent decisions.

--- Page 250 ---
234 
 
SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Because of the following restrictions, investors are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, 
resale or other transfer offered hereby. 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of a beneficial ownership interest in Rule 144A Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base 
Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
If it is a U.S. person, within the meaning of Regulation S, it is (a) a QIB that is also a QP, (b) not a 
broker-dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than US$25 million in securities of 
unaffiliated issuers, (c) not a participant-directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan, (d) acquiring 
such Notes for its own account, or for the account of one or more QIBs each of which is also a QP, (e) not 
formed for the purpose of investing in the Notes or the Issuer, and (f) aware, and each beneficial owner 
of such Notes has been advised, that the seller of such Notes may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and the Issuer is relying on an 
exemption from the Investment Company Act provided by Section 3(c)(7) thereof. 
(2) 
It will, (a) along with each account for which it is purchasing, hold and transfer beneficial interests in the 
Rule 144A Notes in a principal amount that is not less than US$200,000 and (b) provide notice of these 
transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferees. In addition, it understands that the Issuer may receive 
a list of participants holding positions in the Issuer’s securities from one or more book-entry depositories. 
(3) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with 
Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB that is also 
a QP purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, each of which is also a QP 
each of which is purchasing not less than US$200,000 principal amount of Notes or (b) to a person that 
is not a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of 
any State or another jurisdiction of the United States. 
(4) 
It understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of Rule 144A Notes that is 
a U.S. person and is not a QIB and also a QP to sell its interest in the Rule 144A Notes, or may sell such 
interest on behalf of such owner or purchase such interest from such owner at a price equal to the least 
of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial owner, (y) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
thereof or (z) the fair market value thereof. The Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an 
interest in the Rule 144A Notes to a U.S. person who is not both a QIB and a QP.  
(5) 
It understands and acknowledges that its purchase and holding of such Notes or any interest therein 
constitutes a representation and agreement by it that at the time of its purchase and throughout the period 
in which it holds such Notes or any interest therein (a) it is not and will not be (i) an employee benefit 
plan as described in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to the provisions of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
plan described in Section 4975(e)(i) of the US Tax Code to which Section 4975 of the US Tax Code 
applies, or (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include plan assets for purposes of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the US Tax Code by reason of an investment in the entity by a person described in (i) or (ii) above 
or otherwise, (b) if it is a governmental plan, as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA, or other plan or 
arrangement that is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, the purchase, 
holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein does not and will not violate any statute, 
regulation, administrative decision, policy or any other legal authority applicable to such governmental 
plan or other plan or arrangement that is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax 
Code, and the purchase, holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein does not and will not 
result in the assets of the Issuer being considered plan assets of such governmental plan or other plan not 
subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, and (c) it will not sell or otherwise 
transfer any such Note or interest to any person without first obtaining the same foregoing representations 
and warranties from that person. 
(6) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Global Certificate and any Definitive Certificates issued in respect 
thereof, unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee in accordance with applicable law, 
will bear a legend to the following effect:

--- Page 251 ---
235 
 
THIS NOTE AND THE LOAN IN RESPECT THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 144A”) TO 
A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A 
“QIB”) THAT IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (A “QP”) WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 2(a)(51) 
OF THE US INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE “INVESTMENT COMPANY 
ACT”) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBs 
EACH OF WHICH IS A QP WHOM THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT SUCH 
OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, AND IN AN AMOUNT FOR EACH ACCOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN US$200,000 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES AND THAT CAN REPRESENT, IN EACH CASE, THAT (A) IT IS A QIB 
THAT IS ALSO A QP; (B) IT IS NOT A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A 
DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN US$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS; 
(C) IT IS NOT A PARTICIPANT-DIRECTED EMPLOYEE PLAN, SUCH AS A 401(k) PLAN; (D) IT IS 
HOLDING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS, 
EACH OF WHICH IS A QP; (E) IT WAS NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE 
ISSUER OR THIS NOTE; (F) IT UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF 
PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN ITS SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY 
DEPOSITARIES; (G) IT, AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS, WILL HOLD AND TRANSFER 
AT LEAST US $200,000 IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES AND (H) IT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF 
THE FOREGOING TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ITS SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREES, OR (2) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 
903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S, AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE HOLDER WILL, 
AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER FROM IT OF THE 
NOTES IN RESPECT HEREOF OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. TRANSFER 
IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, 
AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING 
ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OF THIS NOTE, THE TRUSTEE OR ANY 
INTERMEDIARY. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY 
EXEMPTION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. 
IF THE BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF IS A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION 
S, SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A QIB THAT IS ALSO A QP; (2) IT IS NOT 
A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN 
US$25,000,000 
IN 
SECURITIES 
OF 
UNAFFILIATED 
ISSUERS; 
(3) IT 
IS 
NOT 
A 
PARTICIPANT-DIRECTED EMPLOYEE PLAN, SUCH AS A 401(k) PLAN; (4) IT IS HOLDING THIS NOTE 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS, EACH OF WHICH IS A 
QP; (5) IT WAS NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER OR THIS NOTE; 
(6) IT, AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS NOTES, WILL HOLD AND TRANSFER AT LEAST 
US$100,000 IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES; (7) IT UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY 
RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN ITS SECURITIES FROM ONE OR MORE 
BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITARIES AND (8) IT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE FOREGOING TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS TO ITS SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREES. 
THE BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME WHILE IT 
HOLDS AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE IT IS A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION 
S THAT IS NOT BOTH A QIB AND A QP, THE ISSUER MAY (A) COMPEL IT TO SELL ITS INTEREST 
IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON WHO IS (I) A U.S. PERSON WHO IS A QIB AND ALSO A QP AND THAT 
IS, IN EACH CASE, OTHERWISE QUALIFIED TO PURCHASE THIS NOTE IN A TRANSACTION 
EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES AND IS NOT A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S OR (B) COMPEL 
THE BENEFICIAL OWNER TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO PAO SEVERSTAL, THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF EITHER OR TRANSFER ITS INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON 
DESIGNATED BY OR ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER, IN ANY CASE, AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE 
LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER, (Y) 100 PER

--- Page 252 ---
236 
 
CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF OR (Z) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF. THE 
ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO 
A U.S. PERSON WHO IS NOT BOTH A QIB AND A QP. THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF OR OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN REPRESENTS AND 
WARRANTS THAT FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN (1) IT IS 
NOT AND WILL NOT BE (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 3(3) OF 
THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
(“ERISA”) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN TO WHICH 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED APPLIES OR (C) AN 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE US TAX CODE BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY BY A 
PERSON DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B) ABOVE OR OTHERWISE, (2) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, 
AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS NOT 
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE US TAX CODE, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING 
AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT AND WILL NOT VIOLATE 
ANY STATUTE, REGULATION, ADMINISTRATIVE DECISION, POLICY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL 
AUTHORITY APPLICABLE TO SUCH GOVERNMENTAL PLAN OR OTHER PLAN NOT SUBJECT TO 
TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE US TAX CODE, AND THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT AND WILL NOT RESULT IN 
THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OF THE NOTES BEING CONSIDERED PLAN ASSETS OF SUCH 
GOVERNMENTAL PLAN OR OTHER PLAN NOT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE US TAX CODE, AND (3) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY NOTE OR 
INTEREST THEREIN TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE SAME FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS FROM THAT PERSON. 
THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS NOTE TO CERTIFY 
PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS BOTH A QIB AND A QP. 
(7) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Company, the Registrar, the Arranger and the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the above acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of Rule 144A Notes is no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer, the Company, the Arranger and the Dealers. If it is acquiring any Notes 
as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the above 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each account. 
(8) 
It understands that Rule 144A Notes of a Series will be evidenced by a Rule 144A Global Certificate. 
Before any interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate, 
it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the 
Paying Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from 
the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of a beneficial ownership interest in Regulation S Notes outside the United States, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Regulation S Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Regulation S Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Regulation S 
Notes and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer, the Company or a person acting on behalf of such 
an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that the Regulation S Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or

--- Page 253 ---
237 
 
otherwise transfer such Notes except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person 
acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a QP purchasing for its own account or for 
the account of a QIB that is also a QP or (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of 
the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that Regulation S Notes of a Series will be evidenced by a Regulation S Global Certificate. 
Before any interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate, it 
will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the 
Paying Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(4) 
It understands and acknowledges that its purchase and holding of such Regulation S Notes and any 
interest therein constitutes a representation and agreement by it that at the time of its purchase and 
throughout the period in which it holds such Notes or any interest therein (a) it is not and will not be 
(i) an employee benefit plan as described in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to the provisions of 
Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan described in Section 4975(e)(i) of the US Tax Code to which Section 4975 
of the US Tax Code applies, or (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include plan assets for purposes of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code by reason of an investment in the entity by a person described 
in (i) or (ii) above or otherwise, (b) if it is a governmental plan, as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA, or 
other plan or arrangement that is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, 
the purchase, holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein does not and will not violate 
any statute, regulation, administrative decision, policy or any other legal authority applicable to such 
governmental plan or other plan not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, 
and the purchase, holding and disposition of the Notes or any interest therein does not and will not result 
in the assets of the Issuer being considered plan assets of such governmental plan or other plan or 
arrangement that is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Tax Code, and (c) it will 
not sell or otherwise transfer any such Note or interest to any person without first obtaining the same 
foregoing representations and warranties from that person. 
(5) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Company, the Registrar, the Arranger and the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the above acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agree that, if any of the acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of Regulation S Notes is no longer accurate, 
it shall promptly notify the Issuer, the Company, the Arranger and the Dealers. If it is acquiring any 
Regulation S Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the above 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each account.

--- Page 254 ---
238 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 3 
September 2019 (the Dealer Agreement) between the Company, the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent 
Dealers, the Notes will be offered from time to time by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers or such other Dealers 
as may be appointed from time to time in respect of any Series of Notes pursuant to the Dealer Agreement. Any 
agreement for the sale of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, whether the placement of the Notes is underwritten or sold on an agency basis only, the price at 
which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
which are payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase and the form of any indemnity to the 
Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the relevant Notes. The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Series that may be 
severally or jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Each of the Issuer and the Company has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain losses, as set out in the 
Dealer Agreement. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe for the Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of the Notes or 
possession or distribution of any offering material or publicity material in relation thereto, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
United States 
The Notes and the corresponding Loans have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, the 
securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has severally agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell the 
Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
compliance period within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes (other than a sale pursuant to Rule 144A) during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by a dealer that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A. 
Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons may be sold in reliance on Regulation S. The 
Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealer(s) may directly or through their respective US broker-dealer affiliates 
arrange for the offer and resale of Notes within the United States only to persons whom they reasonably believe 
are QIBs and also QPs who can represent that (a) they are QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A who are also 
QPs, (b) they are not broker-dealers who own and invest on a discretionary basis less than US$25 million in 
securities of unaffiliated issuers, (c) they are not a participant-directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan, 
(d) they are acting for their own account, or the account of one or more QIBs each of which is also a QP, (e) they 
are not formed for the purpose of investing in the Notes or the Issuer, (f) each account for which they are 
purchasing will hold and transfer at least US$200,000 in principal amount of Notes at any time, (g) they 
understand that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities from one or more 
book-entry depositories and (h) they will provide notice of the transfer restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus 
to any subsequent transferees. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and the Company for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes outside the United States and the resale of the Notes in the United States and for the listing of

--- Page 255 ---
239 
 
Notes on the Official List and trading on the Market, or other stock exchange specified in the Final Terms or 
Series Prospectus. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole 
or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or 
to any U.S. person other than any QIB who is also a QP and to whom an offer has been made directly by one of 
the Dealers or its US broker- dealer affiliate. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside 
the United States or by any QIB/QP within the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the 
United States, other than any QIB/QP and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or 
QIB/QP with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of 
any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than any QIB/QP and 
those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB/QP, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus and/or any future prospectus in relation to a 
Series of Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute 
a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or to the Company; 
and 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented that the Notes will not be offered, transferred or sold as part of their initial distribution 
or at any time thereafter any Notes to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, 
incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located within 
the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Company and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger, the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged and are engaged in transactions with the 
Company and other members of the Group (including, in some cases, credit agreements and credit lines) in the 
ordinary course of their banking business and the Arranger and the Dealers performed various investment banking, 
financial advisory, and other services for the Company, for which they received customary fees, and the Arranger, 
the Dealers and their respective affiliates may provide such services in the future. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, MiFID II Regulations), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for

--- Page 256 ---
240 
 
authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or any rules or codes of 
conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 
1998 (as amended); 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, the Central Bank Acts 1942-2015 (as amended) and any codes of 
practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus (Directive 2003/71/EC) 
Regulations 2005 (as amended) and any rules issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the 
Companies Act; and 
 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain legal matters in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder will be 
passed upon for the Company with respect to the laws of the Russian Federation and the United States by Latham 
& Watkins LLP. Certain legal matters in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of the Notes 
thereunder will be passed upon for the Arranger with respect to the laws of the United Kingdom, Luxembourg 
and the United States by Linklaters LLP and with respect to the laws of the Russian Federation by Linklaters CIS.

--- Page 257 ---
241 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and for each of the years 
then ended, included in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by KPMG, independent auditors, as stated in their 
report appearing herein. The address of KPMG is 10 Presnenskaya Naberezhnaya Block C Moscow 123112. 
The Issuer’s financial statements included in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Société cooperative, acting as statutory auditor to the Issuer. PricewaterhouseCoopers Société cooperative has its 
registered office at 2, Rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg and is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs 
d’Enterprises of Luxembourg and supervised by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.

--- Page 258 ---
242 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Transactions in the Notes will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day after the day 
of the transaction. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme that will not be listed on 
any stock exchange. The listing agent is not seeking admission to listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation on its own behalf, but as agent on behalf of the Company 
and the Issuer. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List 
or trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(2) 
LEI 
of 
the 
Company 
is 
213800OKDPTV6K4ONO53 
and 
LEI 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
222100O3LN8LHUW6LJ83. 
(3) 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company had approved loans from the Issuer in the principal 
amount of up to US$4,500,000,000, with total outstanding amounts of up to US$4,500,000,000. No 
consents, approvals or authorisations are required by the Company under the laws of Russia to update 
the Programme. The Company and the Issuer will obtain all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in Russia and Luxembourg in connection with any Loan and the issue and performance of 
the corresponding Series of Notes. 
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position and no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Company or the Group since 31 December 2020.  
(5) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and no material 
adverse change in its financial position or prospects since 31 December 2019.  
(6) 
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Company is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus that may have or 
have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Company or 
the Group.  
(7) 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(8) 
JSC KPMG has rendered an unqualified audit report on the Financial Statements of the Group prepared 
according to IFRS as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018.  
(9) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. The 
Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the 
CUSIP number and the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Series Prospectus, as the case may be. 
(10) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms or Series Prospectus of each Series, based on then prevailing market conditions. The 
Company and the Issuer do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues 
of Notes and corresponding Loans. 
(11) 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents in physical form will be available from the date hereof, during usual business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the Principal 
Paying Agent: 
 
the articles of association of the Issuer and the Charter of the Company; 
 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes and the Definitive Notes); 
 
the Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018, together with the audit report thereon;

--- Page 259 ---
243 
 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2018, in each case together with the audit reports thereon; 
 
each Final Terms or Series Prospectus, as the case may be, for Notes which are listed on Euronext 
Dublin or any other stock exchange (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Company and the Principal Paying Agent as to 
its holding of Notes and identity); and 
 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following documents in 
electronic 
form 
will 
be 
available 
from 
the 
date 
hereof 
on 
https://www.ise.ie/Market-Data-
Announcements/Debt/Individual-Debt-Instrument-Data/Dept-Security-
Documents/?progID=600&FIELDSORT=docId website: 
 
the articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2018, in each case together with the audit reports thereon;  
 
the Principal Trust Deed; and 
 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following documents in 
electronic form will be available from the date hereof on www.severstal.com/eng/ir/ website: 
 
the Charter of the Company; and 
 
the Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, together with the audit report thereon. 
(12) 
Any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 260 ---
244 
 
GLOSSARY 
 
Bars ...................................................... Long steel products that are rolled from billets. Merchant bar and 
reinforcing bar, or rebar, are two common categories of bars, where 
merchants include rounds, flats, angles, squares and channels that are 
used by fabricators to manufacture a wide variety of products such as 
furniture, stair railings and farm equipment. Rebar is used to strengthen 
concrete structures. 
Basic oxygen furnace (BOF) .............. A pear-shaped furnace, lined with refractory bricks, which refines 
molten pig iron from the blast furnace and scrap into steel. Scrap is 
charged into the furnace vessel, followed by the hot metal from the 
blast furnace. A lance is lowered from above, through which blows a 
high-pressure stream of oxygen to cause chemical reactions that 
separate impurities into fumes or slag. 
Beneficiation ....................................... The treatment of mined material to make it more concentrated or 
richer. Uses the process of crushing, grinding, and often froth- flotation 
to remove waste rock from ore. The metal content is increased as the 
waste is removed. 
Billet .................................................... A semi-finished steel product with a square cross section up to 
150 millimetres by 150 millimetres. This product is either rolled or 
continuously cast and is further processed by rolling to produce 
finished long products. The range of semi-finished products above 150 
millimetres by 150 millimetres are called blooms. 
Blast furnace ....................................... A furnace used in the integrated metallurgical process in which iron 
ore in the form of sinter is melted down under a hot air flow (enriched 
with oxygen), using coal in the form of coke as a heating and reducing 
agent in the chemical process. As a result, a liquid hot metal is 
produced, also called pig iron. 
Blooms ................................................. See “Billet”. 
Coated steel ......................................... Steel sheet coated by immersion in a bath of molten material (known 
as hot-dip) to protect the base metal (substrate) against corrosion. The 
most commonly used protective material is zinc. An organic coating 
(paint, plastic) can also be deposited on the layer of zinc. The zinc-
coated steel is often referred to as “galvanised steel”. 
Cogging ............................................... An intermediate rolling process when a hot ingot is reduced to a bloom 
or slab in a cogging mill. 
Coils ..................................................... Steel that has been wound. 
Coke ..................................................... A fuel obtained by the pyrolysis of coal in coke-ovens and used as a 
reducing agent for iron ore in the blast furnace. 
Coke breeze ......................................... A lightweight aggregate stone formed by a refractory process. 
Coking coal ......................................... Coal used for making coke, used to make steel. 
Cold-rolled sheet ................................. Sheet steel that has been run through a cold-rolling mill. 
Cold-rolling mill ................................. Equipment that reduces the thickness, or gauge, of flat steel products 
by rolling steel between alloy steel cylinders without prior reheating. 
Several roll passes are generally necessary to gradually reduce the steel 
to the desired thickness.

--- Page 261 ---
245 
 
Continuous casting ............................. The process pursuant to which molten steel is cooled into semi-
finished products such as billets, blooms and slabs. The molten steel is 
poured at a steady rate from a ladle into a bottomless mould. As the 
molten steel enters the water-cooled mould, it starts to cool into a 
pliable solid that can then be cut into required lengths. 
Direct Reduced Iron (DRI) ................ The product of iron oxide pellets, lump ores, and/or fines that have 
been reduced (i.e., oxygen removed) in a direct reduction process at 
temperatures in excess of 900° Celsius, thereby increasing the 
percentage (by weight) of total iron in the reduced product. All other 
oxides in the ore remain in their natural state. 
Dolomite .............................................. A sedimentary rock composed largely of calcium magnesium 
carbonate. 
Draglines ............................................. Large scale mining equipment for removing overburden and inter-zone 
rock intervals. The rock is removed along a long strip by dragging a 
bucket capable of holding up to 90 cubic metres until the top of the 
coal is exposed. Waste rock is deposited behind the active mining area 
on land under which the coal has already been removed. This waste 
rock is then smoothed and land surface reclamation to restore the 
surface to its pre-mining condition is undertaken. 
Electric arc furnace (EAF) ................ A furnace that refines molten pig iron from the blast furnace and scrap 
into steel. In this process, the proportion of scrap used can be increased 
to 100 per cent. of the metal charge. Once the furnace is charged and 
covered, graphite electrodes are lowered through holes in the roof. The 
electric arc travelling between the electrodes and the metallic charge 
creates intense heat that melts the charge. Alloying elements can be 
added during the process. 
Ferro alloy ........................................... A metal product commonly used as a raw materials feed in 
steelmaking, usually containing iron and other metals that improve the 
physical and chemical properties of the final steel product. 
Ferrous ................................................ Metals that consist primarily of iron. 
Flat products ....................................... A product that is produced by rolls with smooth surfaces and ranges of 
dimension, varying in thickness and width. The major flat steel product 
categories are (i) thin flat products (up to 4mm in thickness), (ii) thick 
flat products (between 4 millimetres and 50 millimetres in thickness); 
and (iii) plates (over 50 millimetres in thickness). Flat products are 
used in the automotive and white-goods industries, for production of 
large welded pipes, shipbuilding, construction, major works and 
boilers. They include hot- and cold-rolled sheet, plates and coils. 
Galvanised steel .................................. See “Coated Steel”. 
Hot Briquetted Iron (HBI) ................ The form of DRI that has been compacted at a temperature greater than 
650° Celsius at the time of compaction and has a density greater than 
5.0 grams per cubic centimetre. Its higher density and pillow shape 
provide 
superior 
handling, 
shipping, 
storage 
and 
melting 
characteristics. 
Hot-rolled steel ................................... Steel rolled in a hot-rolling mill. 
Hot-rolling ........................................... A process whereby solidified steel, preheated to a high temperature, is 
continuously rolled between rotating cylinders.

--- Page 262 ---
246 
 
Ingot .................................................... An intermediate product made by pouring molten steel into moulds of 
given dimensions. In further processing steps carried out in a cogging 
mill, the ingots are transformed first to simple shape semi-finished 
products like blooms or slabs and then fed to hot-rolling mills. Ingot 
casting is now largely replaced by continuous casting. 
Integrated metallurgical process ....... The process including all stages starting from raw coal and iron ore to 
rolling finished products at one site. 
Ladle furnace ...................................... A furnace used for refining hot metal between the converter or electric 
arc furnaces and casting. 
Lance (Oxygen)................................... A length of pipe used to convey oxygen onto a bath of molten metal. 
A steel tube, consumed during cutting, through which cutting oxygen 
passes, for the cutting or boring of holes. 
Long products ..................................... Long products are used in all industrial sectors, particularly in the 
construction and engineering industries. They include all types of bars, 
wire rod and a wide range of cold-formed profiles like closed profile, 
S-shape profile, E-shape profile, trough-shape profile, angle profile 
and others. They also include pipes with circular, oblong and semi-
oblong, square and rectangular cross sections of a wide range of sizes. 
Long-wall mining ............................... A mining technique in which large blocks of coal are removed in a 
single pass. This technique uses two tunnels which are about 
1,500 metres long and 250 metres apart and are joined together at the 
end by a third tunnel. The third tunnel marks the spot where longwall 
mining starts. 
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate 
(LTIFR) ........................................... 
A number of lost time injuries occurring in a workplace per 1 million 
man-hours worked. 
Metalware ........................................... Small industrial, household and similar articles made of metal. 
Open-pit methods ............................... Open-pit mining refers to a method of extracting rock or minerals from 
the earth by their removal from an open pit or borrow. The term is used 
to differentiate this form of mining from extractive methods that 
require tunnelling into the earth. 
Pellets .................................................. Iron ore or limestone particles which are baked into little balls of a 
specified size in a balling drum and hardened by heat. 
Refining ............................................... A stage in the process of making crude steel, during which most 
residual impurities are removed from the crude steel and additions of 
other metals may be made before it is cast (see also “Ladle furnace”). 
Reinforcing bar or Rebar .................. A commodity-grade steel used to strengthen concrete in highway and 
building construction. 
Scrap .................................................... Iron containing material (mainly industrial or household waste) that 
generally is remelted and recast into new steel. The scrap could be used 
as part of a metal charge together with pig iron loaded into 
steel-melting furnaces. 
Semi-finished products ...................... Steel products such as billet, blooms and slabs. These products can be 
made by direct continuous casting of hot steel or by pouring the liquid 
steel into ingots, which are then hot-rolled into semi-finished products. 
Sinter ................................................... Particles in roughly one-inch chunks produced by mixing and baking 
iron ore concentrate and limestone flux prior to loading it into the blast 
furnaces for reduction into pig iron.

--- Page 263 ---
247 
 
Slab ...................................................... A semi-finished steel product obtained by rolling ingots on a rolling 
mill or processed through a continuous caster and cut into various 
lengths. The slab has a rectangular cross section and is used as a 
starting material in the production process of flat products. 
Slag ...................................................... A by-product, containing inert materials, produced during the 
blast- furnace smelting process and other steelmaking operations. 
Strip ..................................................... Flat steel products used for production of pipes. Strips with widths of 
less than 600 millimetres are used for large pipes with a spiral welded 
seam and smaller pipes with a straight-line welded seam. 
Large-diameter pipes (of up to 1,420 millimetres diameter) with a 
straight-line welded seam require strips up to 4,600 millimetres wide 
and 30 millimetres thick.

--- Page 264 ---
F-1 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Financial Statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 ....................................  
F-2 
Independent Auditors’ Report ....................................................................................................................  
F-4 
Consolidated income statements ................................................................................................................  
F-9 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ...................................................................................  
F-10 
Consolidated statements of financial position ............................................................................................  
F-11 
Consolidated statements of cash flows ......................................................................................................  
F-12 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity ...........................................................................................  
F-13 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..........................................................................................  
F-14 
Issuer’s Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 .................................................  
F-42 
Directors’ Report .......................................................................................................................................  
F-46 
Balance sheet .............................................................................................................................................  
F-51 
Profit and loss account ...............................................................................................................................  
F-55 
Notes ..........................................................................................................................................................  
F-56 
Auditor’s report  .........................................................................................................................................  
F-64 
Issuer’s Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 .................................................  
F-69 
Directors’ Report .......................................................................................................................................  
F-73 
Balance sheet .............................................................................................................................................  
F-78 
Profit and loss account ...............................................................................................................................  
F-82 
Notes ..........................................................................................................................................................  
F-83 
Auditor’s report  .........................................................................................................................................  
F-91

--- Page 265 ---
PAO Severstal 
and subsidiaries 
Consolidated financial statements 
for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
F-2

--- Page 266 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Consolidated financial statements 
 Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
Contents 
   Page 
Independent Auditors’ Report………………………………………………….…………………………………………….1 
Consolidated income statements……………………………………………………………………………………………6 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income…………………..…………………………………………….……7 
Consolidated statements of financial position…………………..………………………………………………………….8 
Consolidated statements of cash flows………..…………………………………………………………………..….…….9 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity………..………………………………………………………….……….10 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements……………………………………………………………………….11-38 
1.
Operations ................................................................................................................................................... 11 
2.
Basis for preparation of the consolidated financial statements .................................................................... 11 
3.
Summary of the principal accounting policies .............................................................................................. 13 
4.
Revenue ....................................................................................................................................................... 16 
5.
Staff costs .................................................................................................................................................... 17 
6.
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain ....................................................................................................................... 17 
7.
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment of non-current assets .......................................................................... 17 
8.
Net other non-operating expenses ............................................................................................................... 19 
9.
Taxation ....................................................................................................................................................... 19 
10.
Related party transactions ........................................................................................................................... 21 
11.
Related party balances ................................................................................................................................ 22 
12.
Cash and cash equivalents .......................................................................................................................... 22 
13.
Trade accounts receivable ........................................................................................................................... 22 
14.
Inventories ................................................................................................................................................... 22 
15.
Long-term financial investments................................................................................................................... 23 
16.
Property, plant and equipment ..................................................................................................................... 23 
17.
Intangible assets .......................................................................................................................................... 24 
18.
Debt finance ................................................................................................................................................. 25 
19.
Other current liabilities ................................................................................................................................. 26 
20.
Retirement benefit liabilities ......................................................................................................................... 27 
21.
Other non-current liabilities .......................................................................................................................... 27 
22.
Shareholders’ equity .................................................................................................................................... 28 
23.
Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures ................................................................................................. 30 
24.
Segmental analysis ...................................................................................................................................... 32 
25.
Alternative performance measures .............................................................................................................. 32 
26.
Financial instruments ................................................................................................................................... 34 
27.
Commitments and contingencies ................................................................................................................. 38 
F-3

--- Page 267 ---
Audited entity: PAO Severstal. 
Registration number in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities: 
No. 1023501236901. 
Cherepovets, Vologodskaya oblast, Russia.
Independent auditor: JSC “KPMG”, a company incorporated under the Laws of 
the Russian Federation, a member firm of the KPMG global organization of 
independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private 
English company limited by guarantee.
Registration number in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities: 
No. 1027700125628.
Member of the Self-regulatory 
Organization 
of Auditors Association 
“Sodruzhestvo” (SRO AAS). Principal registration number of the entry in the 
Register of Auditors and Audit Organizations: No. 12006020351.
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Shareholders of PAO Severstal and Board of Directors
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of PAO Severstal (the “Company”) and 
its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position
as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the consolidated income statements, the 
consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the 
years then ended, and notes, comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory 
information.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all 
material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2020,
2019 and 2018, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for 
the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Group in accordance with the independence requirements that are relevant 
to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the Russian Federation and with the 
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants International Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the requirements in 
the Russian Federation and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most 
significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as 
a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. 
F-4

--- Page 268 ---
PAO Severstal
Independent Auditors’ Report
Page 2
The impact of COVID-19
Please refer to the Notes 1, 7 and 26 in the consolidated financial statements.
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
The COVID-19 pandemic
is an 
unprecedented challenge for the 
global 
economy. 
As 
with 
the 
overwhelming majority of businesses 
worldwide, the pandemic impacted
the 
Group’s 
business 
due 
to 
uncertain 
markets 
and 
their 
exceptional volatility. The potential 
negative effects of the pandemic on 
the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements are subject to a significant 
degree 
of 
uncertainty. 
Amongst 
others, we have considered the 
following matters as part of our audit: 
Impairment of property, plant and 
equipment
Management assessed the effect of 
the pandemic related disruption and 
economic volatility has had on its 
operations and cash flows. The 
forecasts for business operations 
have been reassessed and models 
supporting 
property, 
plant 
and 
equipment impairment assessment 
have been revised. Management has 
concluded that COVID-19 and the 
current global market conditions did 
not result in impairment provisions for 
its property, plant and equipment.
Refer Note 7.
Cash flow projections incorporate 
management’s estimate relating to 
the impact of inherent future volatility 
in 
volumes, 
commodity 
prices, 
margins 
and 
demand. 
These 
calculations require the application of 
some key assumptions such as 
discount rates, inflation rates and
growth 
rates, 
and 
include 
management’s assessment of the 
potential ongoing economic impacts 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
related macro-economic disruptions. 
Impairment of property, plant and equipment
- we challenged the management regarding a list of
cash generating units for which cash flows included
in the value in use calculation should have been
updated as a result of continuing volatilities in the
markets;
- we involved our valuation specialists in assessing
the 
methodology, 
discount 
rates, 
long-term
commodities price forecast, currency exchange,
inflation rates
and other inputs applied by
management in the value-in-use calculation;
- we compared the estimated future cash flows,
including operating costs, capital expenditures with
historical results and with the plan authorised by
management to evaluate the consistency;
- we performed sensitivity analysis of the effects to
the value in use that would result from the change in
significant assumptions, such as discount rate;
- we considered the adequacy of the Group’s
disclosure in Note 7 in respect to the assessment of
impairment of property, plant and equipment.
Measurement of trade receivables
- we examined the effect arising from the impact of
COVID-19 on the Group’s processes and internal
controls, including any changes in credit terms
agreed 
with 
customers, 
customers’ 
financial
conditions and any other factors which might result
in revisions of the allowance matrix;
- we analysed the average repayment period of trade
receivables and compared them with prior year; on
a sample basis, we obtained trade receivable
confirmations and considered ageing to identify
collection risks;
- we also assessed the adequacy of the Group’s
disclosure on the trade receivables and the related
credit risks in Note 26.
F-5

--- Page 269 ---
PAO Severstal
Independent Auditors’ Report
Page 3
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
Measurement of trade receivables
In light of the COVID-19 outbreak, 
management reviewed the allowance 
matrix for different ages of trade 
accounts receivable and concluded 
that this should not be revised.
Assessment 
of 
control 
environment 
As 
a 
result 
of 
the 
COVID-19
pandemic, the financial reporting and 
business processes, including the 
underlying 
IT 
environment 
and 
related controls, may be affected. For 
example, due to the employees’ lack 
of physical access when working 
remotely, or shortage of certain 
employees due to illness or layoffs,
the 
strength 
of 
the 
control 
environment may deteriorate or may 
be redesigned to address the new 
circumstances resulting in new or 
different risks.
Those
risks are 
particularly in areas such as system 
access and management of the roles 
and responsibilities when operating 
controls
relevant 
to 
our 
audit,
including increased use of privileged 
accounts. 
  
Assessment of control environment
- we updated our understanding of the Group’s IT
environment and related controls in place to identify
potential changes caused by the impacts from
COVID-19 
pandemic,
including 
potential
breakdowns in operating effectiveness of controls
relevant to core business processes, and our
understanding of the general IT controls that support
the consistent operation of automated controls;
- we tested general IT controls in the area of system
access and privileged accounts both on the
application level and database management system
(DBMS) level with the involvement of information risk
management specialists.
Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
Annual Report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ 
report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and 
we will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to 
read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, 
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this 
regard.
F-6

--- Page 270 ---
PAO Severstal
Independent Auditors’ Report
Page 4
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management 
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing 
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either 
intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do 
so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting 
process.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and 
to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and 
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected 
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial 
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
—
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated  financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud 
is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
—
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
—
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
—
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability 
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
F-7

--- Page 271 ---
PAO Severstal
Independent Auditors’ Report
Page 5
—
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial 
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation.
—
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the 
entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements.  We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance 
of the group audit.  We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with 
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those 
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of 
the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our 
auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in 
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is:
Pataraya G.E.
JSC “KPMG”
Moscow, Russia
3 February 2021
F-8

--- Page 272 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Consolidated income statements 
 Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
6
 
These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 3 February 2021. 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Note
2020
2019
2018
Revenue
Revenue - third parties
6,744
8,002
8,436
Revenue - related parties 
10
126
155
144
4
6,870
8,157
8,580
Cost of sales 
(3,952)
(4,908)
(4,918)
Gross profit 
2,918
3,249
3,662
General and administrative expenses 
(428)
(357)
(306)
Distribution expenses 
(544)
(532)
(578)
Other taxes and contributions 
(28)
(56)
(69)
Share of associates' and joint ventures' profits
17
20
14
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets
(21)
(12)
(23)
Net other operating income
16
15
7
Profit from operations 
1,930
2,327
2,707
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment of non-current assets
7
(11)
5
68
Net other non-operating expenses
8
(50)
(74)
(50)
Profit before financing and taxation 
1,869
2,258
2,725
Finance income
13
5
14
Finance costs
(135)
(137)
(113)
(Loss)/gain on remeasurement and disposal of financial 
instruments
(77)
(19)
58
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain
6
(361)
125
(165)
Profit before income tax 
1,309
2,232
2,519
Income tax expense
9
(293)
(465)
(468)
Profit for the period
1,016
1,767
2,051
Attributable to:
shareholders of PAO Severstal 
1,016
1,766
2,051
non-controlling interests
-
1
-
Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding during 
the period (millions of shares) 
22
825
825
817
Basic earnings per share (US dollars) 
1.23
2.14
2.51
Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during 
the period (millions of shares) 
22
850
 
849
 
848
 
Diluted earnings per share (US dollars)
1.23
2.08
2.47
Year ended 31 December
F-9

--- Page 273 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
 Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
7 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Note
2020
2019
2018
Profit for the period
1,016
          
1,767
 
2,051
          
Other comprehensive (loss)/income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Actuarial (losses)/gains
20
- 
(12)
 
6 
Translation to presentation currency
(542)
 
364
 
(663)
 
Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(542)
 
352
 
(657)
 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Translation to presentation currency - foreign operations
8 
(1)
 
(3)
 
Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
8 
(1)
 
(3)
 
Items that were reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in fair value of financial assets measured through other 
comprehensive income
- 
- 
(4)
 
Total items that were reclassified to profit or loss
- 
- 
(4)
 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period
(534)
 
351
 
(664)
 
Total comprehensive income for the period
482
 
2,118
 
1,387
          
Attributable to:
shareholders of PAO Severstal
482
 
2,117
 
1,387
          
non-controlling interests
- 
1 
- 
Year ended 31 December
F-10

--- Page 274 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
8 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Note
2020
2019
2018
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
12
583
1,081
228
Short-term financial investments
6
6
7
Trade accounts receivable 
13
529
582
554
Accounts receivable from related parties 
11
18
21
20
Inventories 
14
888
1,137
1,087
VAT recoverable 
97
97
66
Income tax recoverable 
-
5
5
Other current assets 
107
166
105
Total current assets
2,228
3,095
2,072
Non-current assets:
Long-term financial investments
15
33
26
8
Investments in associates and joint ventures
116
120
76
Property, plant and equipment 
16
4,746
4,670
3,469
Intangible assets
17
252
279
212
Deferred tax assets
9
12
15
27
Other non-current assets
9
17
10
Total non-current assets 
5,168
5,127
3,802
Total assets 
7,396
8,222
5,874
Liabilities and shareholders' equity
Current liabilities:
Trade accounts payable 
648
709
545
Accounts payable to related parties 
11
9
17
21
Short-term debt finance 
18
610
290
110
Income taxes payable 
15
19
11
Other taxes and social security payable 
146
126
107
Dividends payable 
18
8
7
6
Other current liabilities 
19
334
418
323
Total current liabilities 
1,770
1,586
1,123
Non-current liabilities:
Long-term debt finance 
18
2,002
2,361
1,345
Deferred tax liabilities 
9
372
365
295
Retirement benefit liabilities
20
61
74
56
Other non-current liabilities 
21
447
358
176
Total non-current liabilities 
2,882
3,158
1,872
Equity:
Share capital 
22
2,753
2,753
2,753
Treasury shares
(104)
(107)
(133)
Additional capital
308
308
308
Translation reserve
(2,516)
(1,982)
(2,345)
Retained earnings
2,280
2,483
2,274
Other reserves
8
8
8
Total equity attributable to shareholders of PAO Severstal
2,729
3,463
2,865
Non-controlling interests
15
15
14
Total equity 
2,744
3,478
2,879
Total equity and liabilities 
7,396
8,222
5,874
31 December
F-11

--- Page 275 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
9 
* These amounts include exercise of bonds' conversion rights of US$ 43 million for the year ended 31 December 2020
(2019:_US$_50_million, 2018:_US$_28_million).
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Note
2020
2019
2018
Operating activities:
Profit before financing and taxation 
1,869
2,258
2,725
Adjustments to reconcile profit to cash generated from operations:
Depreciation and amortisation
460
464
405
Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of non-current assets
7
11
(5)
(68)
Movements in provision for inventories, receivables and other provisions
97
(4)
(13)
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
21
12
23
Loss on disposal of subsidiary
23
-
21
-
Share of associates' and joint ventures' profits
(17)
(20)
(14)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Trade accounts receivable 
(80)
17
(23)
Accounts receivable from related parties 
(1)
1
(9)
VAT recoverable
(12)
(24)
35
Inventories 
57
59
(211)
Trade accounts payable 
42
8
40
Accounts payable to related parties 
(3)
(1)
(5)
Other taxes and social security payable
42
12
15
Other non-current liabilities 
-
(7)
(8)
Assets held for sale
-
(10)
-
Net other changes in operating assets and liabilities
20
26
(70)
Cash generated from operations
2,506
2,807
2,822
Interest paid
(133)
 
(114)
 
(104)
 
Income tax paid 
(229)
 
(401)
 
(464)
 
Net cash from operating activities 
2,144
2,292
2,254
Investing activities:
Additions to property, plant and equipment 
(1,256)
        
(1,157)
        
(653)
 
Additions to intangible assets
(71)
 
(61)
 
(35)
 
Additions to financial investments
(20)
 
(55)
 
(23)
 
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiary
23
(19)
 
-
                 
- 
Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiary
23
- 
215
 
- 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
5 
15
              
15
 
Proceeds from disposal of financial investments
7 
21
              
210
 
Interest received
10
 
4 
16
 
Dividends received
6 
6 
4 
Net cash used in investing activities
(1,338)
(1,012)
(466)
Financing activities:
Proceeds from debt finance 
38
 
1,205
         
- 
Acquisition of non-controlling interests
- 
- 
(2)
 
Repayments of debt finance *
(48)
 
(58)
 
(584)
 
Repayments of lease liabilities
(15)
 
(16)
 
- 
Dividends paid 
(1,228)
        
(1,574)
 
(1,971)
        
Net cash used in financing activities
(1,253)
(443)
(2,557)
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents
(51)
 
16
 
(34)
 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents
(498)
853
(803)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period
1,081
228
1,031
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period
583
1,081
228
Year ended 31 December
F-12

--- Page 276 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
10 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Attributable to the shareholders of PAO Severstal
Total
Share
Treasury
Additional
Translation
Retained
Other
capital
shares
capital
reserve
earnings
reserves
Total
Balances as at 31 December 2017
2,753
(206)
308
(1,679)
2,195
12
3,383
15
3,398
Profit for the period
-
-
-
-
2,051
-
2,051
-
2,051
Translation to presentation currency
-
-
-
(666)
-
-
(666)
-
(666)
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
-
-
-
-
6
(4)
2
-
2
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period 
(666)
2,057
(4)
1,387
-
1,387
Dividends
-
-
-
-
(1,977)
-
(1,977)
-
(1,977)
Conversion of bonds
-
73
-
-
-
-
73
-
73
Other
-
-
-
-
(1)
-
(1)
(1)
(2)
Balances as at 31 December 2018
2,753
(133)
308
(2,345)
2,274
8
2,865
14
2,879
Profit for the period
-
-
-
-
1,766
-
1,766
1
1,767
Translation to presentation currency
-
-
-
363
-
-
363
-
363
Other comprehensive loss
-
-
-
-
(12)
-
(12)
-
(12)
Total comprehensive income for the period 
363
1,754
-
2,117
1
2,118
Dividends
-
-
-
-
(1,545)
-
(1,545)
-
(1,545)
Conversion of bonds
-
26
-
-
-
-
26
-
26
Balances as at 31 December 2019
2,753
(107)
308
(1,982)
2,483
8
3,463
15
3,478
Profit for the period
-
-
-
-
1,016
-
1,016
-
1,016
Translation to presentation currency
-
-
-
(534)
-
-
(534)
-
(534)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period 
(534)
1,016
-
482
-
482
Dividends
-
-
-
-
(1,219)
-
(1,219)
-
(1,219)
Conversion of bonds
-
3
-
-
-
-
3
-
3
Balances as at 31 December 2020
2,753
(104)
308
(2,516)
2,280
8
2,729
15
2,744
Non-
controlling 
interests
F-13

--- Page 277 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
11 
1.
Operations
These consolidated financial statements of PAO Severstal and subsidiaries comprise the parent company, 
PAO*Severstal (‘Severstal’ or ‘the Parent Company’) and its subsidiaries (collectively ‘the Group’) as listed in Note*23. 
Severstal began operations on 24 August 1955 and completed the development of an integrated iron and steel mill in 
Cherepovets during February 1959 when the first steel was rolled. On 24 September 1993, as part of the Russian 
privatisation programme, Severstal was registered as an Open Joint Stock Company (‘OAO’) and privatised. Through 
participating in Severstal’s privatisation auctions and other purchases, Alexey Mordashov (the ‘Majority Shareholder’) 
purchased shares in Severstal such that as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 he controlled indirectly 77.03% of 
Severstal’s share capital. In November 2014, Severstal changed its legal form from OAO to PAO (Public Joint Stock 
Company) following the requirements of the amended Russian Civil Code. 
Severstal’s global depositary receipts (GDRs) have been quoted on the London Stock Exchange since 
November 2006. Severstal’s shares are quoted on the Moscow Exchange (‘MOEX’). Severstal’s registered office is 
located at Ul. Mira 30, Cherepovets, Russia. 
The Group comprises the following segments: 

Severstal Resources – this segment comprises three iron ore complexes, JSC Karelsky Okatysh, JSC_Olcon
in northwest Russia, OOO Korpanga (Yakovlevskiy mine) in southwest Russia and a coal mining complex,
JSC Vorkutaugol in northwest Russia.

Severstal Russian Steel – this segment consists primarily of the Group’s steel production and high-grade
automotive galvanizing facilities in Cherepovets; rolling mill 5000 and large-diameter pipe mill in Kolpino, all in
northwest Russia; a metalware plant located in Russia; a ferrous scrap metal recycling business operating in
northwest and central Russia, as well as various supporting functions for trading, maintenance and
transportation, located in Europe.
Economic environment 
The year ended 31 December 2020 has seen significant global market turmoil triggered by the outbreak and spread 
of the coronavirus. Together with other factors, this has resulted in a sharp decrease in the oil price and stock market 
indices, as well as a depreciation of the Russian rouble. Management is closely monitoring market conditions which 
at the end of the year have demonstrated growth both in the oil prices and market indices. The significance of the 
impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s business largely depends on the duration and effect of the pandemic on the 
Russian and world economy. 
The Group has developed and implemented plans for mitigating the impact on its business and is continuously 
monitoring: the economic environment; the demand for the Group’s products; its supply chain; its available bank 
facilities; and the possible effects on its cash flow and liquidity position, including consideration of debt covenants. 
Management has considered events and conditions that could give rise to material uncertainties and concluded that 
the range of possible outcomes does not cast significant doubt over the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
The major part of the Group is based in the Russian Federation and is consequently exposed to the economic and 
political effects of the policies adopted by the Russian government. These conditions and future policy changes could 
affect the operations of the Group and the realisation and settlement of its assets and liabilities. 
International sales of rolled steel from the Group’s Russian operations have been the subject of several anti-dumping 
and safeguard investigations. The Group has taken steps to address the concerns of such investigations and 
participates actively in their resolution.  
2.
Basis for preparation of the consolidated financial statements
Statement of compliance 
These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(‘IFRS’) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
The Group additionally prepared IFRS consolidated financial statements presented in Russian roubles and in the 
Russian language in accordance with the Federal Law No. 208 – FZ ‘On consolidated financial reporting’. 
F-14

--- Page 278 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
12 
Basis of measurement 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared on the historic cost basis except for financial assets and liabilities 
at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL), financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI) and assets held for sale at fair value less costs to sell. 
The Group’s statutory financial records are maintained in accordance with the legislative requirements of the countries 
in which the individual entities are located, which differ in certain respects from IFRS. The accounting policies applied 
in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out in Note 3. 
Critical accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions 
Areas of judgement that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised or disclosed in the consolidated 
financial statements are: 
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
The Group assesses the remaining useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment at least at each financial 
year-end. These estimates may have a material impact on the amount of the carrying values of property, plant and 
equipment and on depreciation expense for the period. 
Impairment of assets 
The Group reviews the carrying amount of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether there is any 
indication that those assets are impaired. In making the assessments for impairment, assets that do not generate 
independent cash flows are allocated to an appropriate cash-generating unit. Subsequent changes to the cash-
generating unit allocation or to the timing of cash flows could impact the carrying value of the respective assets. 
Taxation 
The taxation system and regulatory environment of the Russian Federation are characterised by numerous taxes and 
frequently changing legislation, which is often unclear, contradictory and subject to varying interpretations between 
the differing regulatory authorities and jurisdictions, who can impose significant fines, penalties and interest charges. 
In recent years the regulatory authorities have adopted a more assertive stance regarding the interpretation and 
enforcement of legislation, which has resulted in greater tax and regulatory risk. Also, a number of new laws introducing 
tax legislation changes have been recently adopted; their application in practice might influence the tax treatment of 
transactions related to foreign companies and their activities, which could potentially impact the Group’s tax position 
and possibly create additional tax risks in the future.  
Accordingly, management has to apply considerable judgement in determining the appropriate amounts of tax payable. 
Management believes that the Group has complied in all material respects with all existing, relevant legislation and 
has made appropriate provision for tax payable. 
Allowance for expected credit losses 
The Group makes allowance for expected credit losses of trade receivables using an allowance matrix. Loss rates are 
based on actual credit loss experience over the past three years. When evaluating the adequacy of an allowance for 
expected credit losses, management bases its estimates on the current overall economic conditions, the ageing of 
accounts receivable balances, historical write-off experience, customer creditworthiness and changes in payment 
terms.  
Decommissioning liabilities 
The Group recognises its decommissioning liabilities provision using the best estimate of the expenditures required to 
settle the present obligation based on the requirements of the current legislation of the country where the respective 
operating assets are located. The risks and uncertainties that inevitably surround many events and circumstances are 
taken into account in reaching the best estimate of a provision. Future events that may affect the amount required to 
settle an obligation are reflected in the amount of a provision when there is sufficient objective evidence that they will 
occur.  
Retirement benefit liabilities 
The Group uses an actuarial valuation method for measurement of the present value of post-employment benefit 
obligations and related current service cost. This involves the use of demographic assumptions about the future 
characteristics of the current and former employees who are eligible for benefits (mortality, both during and after 
F-15

--- Page 279 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
13 
employment, rates of employee turnover, disability and early retirement, etc.) as well as financial assumptions 
(discount rate, future salary and benefit levels, etc.). 
Litigation 
The Group exercises judgment in measuring and recognising provisions and the exposure to contingent liabilities 
related to pending litigations or other outstanding claims subject to negotiated settlement, mediation, arbitration or 
government regulation, as well as other contingent liabilities. Judgment is necessary in assessing the likelihood that a 
pending claim will succeed, or liability will arise, and to quantify the possible range of the final settlement. Because of 
the inherent uncertainties in this evaluation process, actual losses may be different from the originally estimated 
provision. These estimates are subject to change as new information becomes available, primarily with the support of 
internal specialists or with the support of outside consultants. Revisions to the estimates may significantly affect future 
operating results. 
Functional and presentation currency  
The presentation currency of these consolidated financial statements is the US dollar. 
The functional currency is determined separately for each of the Group’s entities. The functional currency of the major 
part of the Group’s entities is the Russian rouble, except for entities located in Latvia and Poland; other entities and 
currencies are not material to the Group. 
3.
Summary of the principal accounting policies
The following significant accounting policies have been consistently applied in the preparation of these consolidated 
financial statements throughout the Group. 
a. Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources
Expenditures associated with search for specific mineral resources are recognised as exploration and evaluation 
assets.  
The Group measures its exploration and evaluation assets at cost and classifies as tangible or intangible according to 
the nature of the assets acquired and applies the classification consistently.  
An exploration and evaluation asset is no longer classified as such when the technical feasibility and commercial 
viability of extracting a mineral resource are proved and the development of the deposit is sanctioned by management. 
The carrying amount of such exploration and evaluation asset is reclassified into property, plant and equipment or 
intangible assets depending on the type of the asset. 
b. Development expenditure
Development expenditure includes costs directly attributable to the construction of a mine and the related infrastructure 
and is accumulated separately for each area of interest. Development expenditure is capitalised and is recorded as a 
component of property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, as appropriate. No depreciation is charged on the 
development expenditure before the start of commercial production. 
c. Stripping costs
The Group separates two different types of stripping costs that are incurred in surface mining activity: 

Stripping activity asset;

Current stripping costs.
Stripping activity asset is created as part of usual surface activity in order to obtain improved access to further quantities 
of minerals that will be mined in future periods.  
Current stripping costs are costs that are incurred in order to mine the mineral ore only in the current period. 
After initial recognition, stripping activity assets are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment 
loss. Depreciation is calculated using the units of production method. 
F-16

--- Page 280 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
14 
d. Property, plant and equipment
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line basis, except for depreciation on vehicles and certain metal-rolling 
equipment, which is calculated on the basis of mileage and units of production, respectively. The estimated useful 
lives of assets are reviewed regularly and revised when necessary.  
The principal periods over which assets are depreciated are as follows: 
Buildings and constructions 
20 – 50 years 
Plant and machinery 
10 – 20 years 
Other productive assets 
5 – 20 years 
Infrastructure assets 
5 – 50 years 
e. Leases
The Group’s right-of-use assets include land and buildings, plant and machinery, vehicles and other productive assets. 
Short-term and low value leases are accounted as leases; lease and non-lease components are treated as a single 
lease item for all leased assets. 
The lease liability is discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rates varying between 1% and 10% 
depending on the lease agreement’s currency. For some specific lease agreements, the discount rate is determined 
by the interest rate implicit in these lease agreements. 
f.
Intangible assets (excluding goodwill)
Intangible assets are amortised over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line basis and assessed for 
impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The estimated useful life and 
amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate 
being accounted for on a prospective basis.  
The table below presents the useful lives of intangible assets: 
Mineral rights 
12 - 25 years 
Software 
3 - 10 years 
Other intangible assets 
3 - 50 years 
The major component of the software is the SAP business system. Amortisation of intangible assets is included in the 
captions “Cost of sales” and “General and administrative expenses” in the consolidated income statement. 
g.
Impairment of non-current assets
At each reporting date the Group assesses whether there is any indication of impairment of the Group’s non-current 
assets. If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.  
For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount of cash generating unit is determined based on value 
in use calculations. The value in use calculation uses cash flow projections based on actual operating results and the 
business plan approved by management and a corresponding post-tax discount rate which reflects current market 
assessment of the time value of money and risks associated with each individual cash-generating unit. 
h.
Inventories
The cost of inventories is based on the weighted average principle and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the 
inventories and bringing them to their existing location and condition. In the case of manufactured inventories and work 
in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads. Allowances are recorded against slow-
moving and obsolete inventories. 
i.
Dividends payable
Dividends are recognised as a liability in the period in which they are authorised by the shareholders. 
j.
Other taxes and contributions
Other taxes and contributions are taxes and mandatory contributions paid to the government, or government controlled 
agencies, that are calculated on a variety of bases, but exclude taxes calculated on profits, value added taxes 
calculated on revenues and purchases and social security costs calculated on wages and salaries. Social security 
costs are included in cost of sales, distribution expenses and general and administrative expenses in accordance with 
the nature of related wages and salaries expenses.  
F-17

--- Page 281 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
15 
k.
Income tax
Income tax on the profit for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in the income 
statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case it is 
recognised in other comprehensive income. 
Current tax expense is calculated by each entity on the pre-tax income determined in accordance with the tax law of 
the country, in which the entity is incorporated, using tax rates enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to 
tax payable in respect of previous years. 
Deferred tax is calculated using the balance sheet method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and taxation purposes.  Deferred tax is measured at the tax 
rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have 
been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.  
l.
Provisions
Employee benefits  
The Group pays retirement, healthcare and other long-term benefits to its employees.  
The Group has two types of retirement benefits: defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans. Defined 
contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a separate 
entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts in respect of those benefits. The Group’s 
only obligation is to pay contributions as they fall due, including contributions to the Russian Federation State pension 
fund. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in future 
payments is available.  
Defined benefit plans are post-employment benefits plans other than defined contribution plans. The Group uses an 
actuarial valuation method for measurement of the present value of post-employment benefit obligations and related 
current service cost. This involves the use of demographic assumptions about the future characteristics of the current 
and former employees who are eligible for benefits (mortality, both during and after employment, rates of employee 
turnover, disability and early retirement, etc.) as well as financial assumptions (discount rate, future salary and benefit 
levels, etc.). For the Group's entities, the discount rate used is the yield at the balance sheet date on government 
bonds that have maturity dates approximating the terms of the Group’s obligations. The calculation of the Group’s net 
obligation in respect of defined retirement benefit plans is performed annually using the projected unit credit method. 
In accordance with this method, the Group’s net obligation is calculated separately for each defined benefit plan.  
The Group’s retirement benefit service costs are allocated and recognised in the income statement as part of “Cost of 
sales” and “General and administrative expenses” proportionally to related salary expenses. Any actuarial gain or loss 
arising from the calculation of the retirement benefit liability is fully recognised in other comprehensive income.  
Other long-term employee benefits include various compensations, non-monetary benefits and a long-term cash-
settled share-based incentive programme. 
Decommissioning liabilities 
The Group has environmental liabilities related to restoration of soil and other related works, which are due upon the 
closure of its certain production sites. Decommissioning liabilities are estimated case-by-case based on available 
information, taking into account applicable local legal requirements. The estimation is made using existing technology, 
at current prices, and discounted using a real discount rate.  
m.
Share capital
Ordinary shares 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares and 
share options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects. 
Repurchase of issued shares 
When share capital recognised as equity is repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid which includes directly 
attributable costs, net of any tax effects is recognised as a deduction from equity and classified as treasury shares. 
When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognised as an increase in equity, 
and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is transferred to/from retained earnings. 
F-18

--- Page 282 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
16 
n.
Revenue recognition
Most of the Group’s revenue is revenue from contracts with customers. 
Revenue from the sale of hot rolled strip and plate, other steel products, pellets and iron ore and most other revenue 
(see Note 4) is recognised in the income statement primarily at the point in time when control over the promised goods 
passes to the customer.  
The amount of revenue recognised reflects the consideration to which the Group is or expects to be entitled in 
exchange for those goods and is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. 
In most instances, control passes, and sales revenue is recognised when the product is delivered to the vessel or 
vehicle on which it will be transported once loaded to the destination port or the customer’s premises. 
The Group’s products are sold to customers under contracts which vary in tenure, but are generally less than one year 
in duration (therefore, no significant effect of any financing component exists) and pricing mechanisms, including some 
volumes sold in the spot market. Revenue is generally recognised at the contracted price as this reflects the stand-
alone selling price. 
o.
Earnings per share
Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit by the weighted average number of shares outstanding 
during the year. 
Diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing adjusted profit or loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of 
the parent entity by the weighted average number of shares outstanding, adjusted for the effect of all dilutive potential 
ordinary shares. 
p.
Segment reporting
An operating segment’s results are reviewed regularly by key management to make decisions about resources to be 
allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available and is 
prepared on the same basis as these consolidated financial statements. 
4.
Revenue
Revenue by product was as follows: 
* Shipping and handling do not represent a separate performance obligation under IFRS 15 "Revenue from contracts with customers"
and is disclosed only for presentation purposes. For the year ended 31 December 2020 shipping and handling related to Severstal
Resources and Severstal Russian Steel Divisions amounted to US$ 10 million and US$ 489 million, respectively (2019:
US$*24*million and US$ 477 million; 2018: US$ 119 million and US$ 424 million, respectively).
2020
2019
2018
Hot-rolled strip and plate
2,394
2,780
2,756
Galvanized and other metallic coated sheet
595
667
629
Pellets and iron ore
569
688
627
Metalware products
502
539
542
Other tubes and pipes, formed shapes
500
447
456
Shipping and handling *
499
501
543
Cold-rolled sheet
493
604
802
Colour-coated sheet
377
397
364
Long products
281
575
701
Semi-finished products
183
194
321
Large diameter pipes
150
376
477
Coal and coking coal concentrate
57
95
93
Scrap
6
4
6
Others
264
290
263
6,870
8,157
8,580
Year ended 31 December
F-19

--- Page 283 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
17 
Revenue by delivery destination was as follows: 
5.
Staff costs
Employment costs were as follows: 
Key management personnel include the following positions within the Group: 

CEO and Deputy Directors;

Members of the Board of Directors.
Key management’s remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2020, consisting of salaries and bonuses, totalled 
US$ 9 million (2019: US$ 9 million; 2018: US$ 11 million).  
Additionally, in 2020, a provision for their long-term cash-settled share-based incentive programmes of US$ 3 million 
was accrued (2019: US$ 3 million; 2018: US$ 4 million). This provision is subject to further adjustments, depending 
on a range of the Group’s financial and non-financial indicators. 
6.
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain
7.
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment of non-current assets
2020
2019
2018
Russian Federation
4,233
5,451
5,126
Europe
1,761
1,812
2,233
CIS
451
475
492
The Middle East
171
141
295
Africa
86
128
140
Central and South America
63
80
86
South-East Asia
60
-
24
China and Central Asia
30
18
43
North America
15
52
141
6,870
8,157
8,580
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Wages and salaries
(770)
 
(794)
 
(739)
 
Social security costs
(241)
 
(254)
 
(244)
 
Retirement benefit service costs (Note 20)
(1)
 
(1)
 
1 
(1,012)
(1,049)
(982)
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain on cash and cash equivalents and 
debt finance
(303)
 
126
 
(184)
 
Foreign exchange (loss)/gain on derivatives
(64)
 
7 
- 
Foreign exchange gain/(loss) on other assets and liabilities
6 
(8)
 
19
 
(361)
 
125
 
(165)
 
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment of property, plant 
and equipment
(11)
5
66
Reversal of impairment of intangible assets
-
-
2
(11)
5
68
Year ended 31 December
F-20

--- Page 284 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
18 
Key assumptions that management used in their value in use calculations are as follows: 

For all cash-generating units, apart from those included in the Severstal Resources segment, cash flow projections
cover a period of five years. Cash flows beyond the five-year period have been extrapolated taking into account
business cycles. Cash flow projections for cash-generating units of the Severstal Resources segment cover a
period which corresponds to the contractual time remaining of the respective mining licenses.

Cash flow projections were prepared in nominal terms.

Cash flow projections during the forecast period are based on long-term price trends for both sales prices and
material costs specific for each segment and geographic region and operating cost inflation are in line with
consumer price inflation for each country. Consumer price inflation expectations (in local currency) during the
forecast period are as follows in percentage terms:

Discount rates for each cash-generating unit were estimated in nominal terms based on the weighted average
cost of capital. These rates, presented by segment, are as follows in percentage terms:
Values assigned to key assumptions and estimates used to measure the unit’s recoverable amount are consistent with 
external sources of information and historic data for each cash-generating unit. Management believes that the values 
assigned to the key assumptions and estimates represent the most realistic assessment of future trends.  
Severstal Resources segment 
JSC Olcon 
2018 
The Group performed an analysis and identified factors that indicated that the previously recognised impairment loss 
in respect of the JSC Olcon cash generating unit may require reversal. For the purposes of impairment testing, the 
value in use was determined by discounting expected future net cash flows of this cash generating unit. Based on the 
results of the impairment testing, a reversal of the impairment of US$ 51 million was recognised in 2018, of which 
US$*49 million was allocated to property, plant and equipment and US$ 2 million to intangible assets. The carrying 
amount of the JSC Olcon non-current assets was US$ 151 million as at 31 December 2018. 
The following main assumptions were used in the impairment test model: 

the forecast sales volumes decrease by 1% in 2019, stay flat in 2020, decrease by 1% in 2021 and decrease on
average by 7% p.a. in 2022 to 2026;

the forecast iron ore concentrate prices decrease by 5% in 2019, decrease by 1% in 2020, increase by 3% in
2021 and increase on average by 1% p.a. thereafter to 2026;

operating costs are forecast to decrease by 8% in 2019, decrease by 2% in 2020, increase by 13% in 2021 and
decrease on average by 7% p.a. in 2022 to 2026;

foreign exchange rates are forecast to increase by 5% in 2019, increase by 2% in 2020, decrease by 2% in 2021
and 2022 and increase on average by 1% p.a. in 2023 to 2026;

post-tax discount rate of 13.8% (in US$ terms).
The recoverable amount of the JSC Olcon cash-generating unit is not sensitive to changes in the main assumptions 
used in the impairment test model. There is a significant surplus of recoverable amount compared with the carrying 
amount of non-current assets as at 31 December 2018. 
2020
2019
2018
 Russia 
2.4 - 3.9
n/a
3.8 - 4.4
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Severstal Resources:
Russia (US$ rate)
9.9 - 11.8
n/a
13.8
 
Severstal Russian Steel:
Russia (US$ rate)
8.5 - 8.7
n/a
n/a
Year ended 31 December
F-21

--- Page 285 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
19 
Other units 
2020 
An impairment loss of US$ 11 million was recognised in 2020 in relation to specific items of property, plant and 
equipment. 
2018 
A reversal of impairment of US$ 4 million was recognised in 2018 in relation to specific items of property, plant and 
equipment. 
Severstal Russian Steel segment 
Other units 
2019 
A reversal of impairment of US$ 5 million was recognised in 2019 in relation to specific items of property, plant and 
equipment. 
2018 
A reversal of impairment of US$ 13 million was recognised in 2018 in relation to specific items of property, plant and 
equipment. 
8.
Net other non-operating expenses
9.
Taxation
The following is an analysis of the income tax expense: 
The following table is a reconciliation of the reported net income tax expense and the amount calculated by applying 
the Russian statutory tax rate of 20% to reported profit before income tax.  
2020
2019
2018
Charitable donations
(23)
(31)
(30)
Final settlement of legal claim against disposed subsidiary (Note 27)
(16)
-
-
Social expenditure
(10)
(14)
(14)
Net loss on disposal of subsidiary (Note 23)
-
(21)
-
Other
(1)
(8)
(6)
(50)
(74)
(50)
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Current tax charge
(243)
(410)
(430)
Corrections to prior year's current tax charge
13
9
(9)
Deferred tax 
(63)
(64)
(29)
Income tax 
(293)
(465)
(468)
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Profit before income tax
1,309
2,232
2,519
Tax charge at Russian statutory rate 
(262)
(446)
(504)
Profit taxed at different rates
1
10
28
Corrections to prior years' current tax charge
4
9
(9)
Non-tax deductible (expenses)/income, net
(19)
(40)
18
Reassessment of deferred tax assets and liabilities
(17)
2
(1)
Income tax expense
(293)
(465)
(468)
Year ended 31 December
F-22

--- Page 286 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
20 
Profit tax rate applied to the Group's companies in Russia is 20%, except the following companies, for which in 2021-
2022 the following changes in tax rates will be applied: PAO Severstal  - 16.5% (2020 - 19%), AO Izhora Pipe Mill - 
16.5% (2020 - 15.5%), JSC Olcon - 19% (2020 – 19%).  
The following table sets out the composition of the net deferred tax liability and movements based on temporary 
differences arising between the fiscal and reporting balance sheets: 
31 December 
2020
Recognised in 
income 
statements
Business 
combination
Translation to 
presentation 
currency
31 December 
2019
Deferred tax assets:
  Tax loss carry forwards
5
(4)
-
(1)
10
  Property, plant and equipment
3
-
-
-
3
  Inventory
27
11
-
-
16
  Accounts receivable
11
(3)
-
(2)
16
  Provisions
34
(10)
-
(8)
52
  Financial investments
23
(2)
-
(6)
31
  Other 
5
(8)
-
(6)
19
Gross deferred tax assets
108
(16)
-
(23)
147
  Less offsetting deferred tax liabilities
(96)
16
-
20
(132)
Recognised deferred tax assets
12
-
-
(3)
15
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property, plant and equipment
(409)
(55)
(3)
68
(419)
  Intangible assets
(31)
(1)
-
6
(36)
  Inventory
(9)
8
-
1
(18)
  Accounts receivable 
(3)
(3)
-
1
(1)
  Other
(16)
4
-
3
(23)
Gross deferred tax liabilities
(468)
(47)
(3)
79
(497)
  Less offsetting deferred tax assets
96
(16)
-
(20)
132
Recognised deferred tax liabilities
(372)
(63)
(3)
59
(365)
Net deferred tax liability
(360)
(63)
(3)
56
(350)
31 December 
2019
Recognised in 
income 
statements
Business de-
combination
Translation to 
presentation 
currency
31 December 
2018
Deferred tax assets:
  Tax loss carry forwards
10
-
-
1
9
  Property, plant and equipment
3
(4)
-
3
4
  Inventory
16
(10)
(1)
1
26
  Accounts receivable
16
10
-
-
6
  Provisions
52
20
-
4
28
  Financial investments
31
(9)
-
5
35
  Other 
19
4
-
1
14
Gross deferred tax assets
147
11
(1)
15
122
  Less offsetting deferred tax liabilities
(132)
(26)
1
(12)
(95)
Recognised deferred tax assets
15
(15)
-
3
27
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property, plant and equipment
(419)
(67)
17
(44)
(325)
  Intangible assets
(36)
(2)
-
(3)
(31)
  Inventory
(18)
4
-
(2)
(20)
  Accounts receivable 
(1)
4
-
(1)
(4)
  Other
(23)
(14)
-
1
(10)
Gross deferred tax liabilities
(497)
(75)
17
(49)
(390)
  Less offsetting deferred tax assets
132
26
(1)
12
95
Recognised deferred tax liabilities
(365)
(49)
16
(37)
(295)
Net deferred tax liability
(350)
(64)
16
(34)
(268)
F-23

--- Page 287 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
21 
The Group has not recognised cumulative tax loss carry forwards in the following amounts and with the following expiry 
dates: 
In 2019 the decrease of cumulative tax losses not recognised mostly related to expired tax losses. 
Taxable differences, related to investments in subsidiaries where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal 
and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future, amounted to US$*116 million 
as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: US$ 271 million; 31 December 2018: US$*207*million). 
10.
Related party transactions
31 December 
2018
Recognised in 
income 
statements
Translation to 
presentation 
currency
31 December 
2017
Deferred tax assets:
  Tax loss carry forwards
9
1
-
8
  Property, plant and equipment
4
1
-
3
  Inventory
26
8
(1)
19
  Accounts receivable
6
(6)
(2)
14
  Provisions
28
-
(5)
33
  Financial investments
35
25
(7)
17
  Other 
14
7
(9)
16
Gross deferred tax assets
122
36
(24)
110
  Less offsetting deferred tax liabilities
(95)
(30)
21
(86)
Recognised deferred tax assets
27
6
(3)
24
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property, plant and equipment
(325)
(42)
61
(344)
  Intangible assets
(31)
(1)
7
(37)
  Inventory
(20)
(14)
1
(7)
  Accounts receivable 
(4)
(1)
-
(3)
  Other
(10)
(7)
3
(6)
Gross deferred tax liabilities
(390)
(65)
72
(397)
  Less offsetting deferred tax assets
95
30
(21)
86
Recognised deferred tax liabilities
(295)
(35)
51
(311)
Net deferred tax liability
(268)
(29)
48
(287)
2020
2019
2018
Between one and five years
19
 
18
 
204
 
No expiry
258
 
423
 
418
 
277
 
441
 
622
 
31 December
2020
2019
2018
Revenue from:
Associates
27
29
30
Joint ventures
70
86
81
Other related parties
29
40
33
126
155
144
Purchases from:
Associates
60
63
63
Joint ventures
4
6
6
Other related parties
39
62
55
103
131
124
Other income from other related parties
12
13
12
Year ended 31 December
F-24

--- Page 288 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
22 
11.
Related party balances
The amounts outstanding are expected to be settled in cash. The Group does not hold any collateral for amounts owed 
by related parties.  
12.
Cash and cash equivalents
13.
Trade accounts receivable
14.
Inventories
Of the above amounts US$ 5 million (31 December 2019: US$ 2 million; 31 December 2018: US$ 2 million) were 
stated at net realisable value. 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group recognised a US$ 21 million release and a US$ 37 million 
allowance for obsolete and slow-moving inventories and reduced the carrying amount to net realisable value (2019: 
US$ 19 million and US$ 16 million, respectively; 2018: US$ 38 million and US$ 25 million, respectively). 
2020
2019
2018
Short-term accounts receivable:
Associates
3 
4 
3 
Joint ventures
7 
9 
6 
Other related parties
8 
8 
11
 
18
21
20
Short-term accounts payable:
Associates
5 
6 
6 
Other related parties
4 
11
 
15
 
9
17
21
Short-term loans - Joint ventures
2 
4 
6 
Long-term loans - Joint ventures
6 
6 
5 
31 December
2020
2019
2018
Cash at bank
140
875
130
Bank deposits
443
206
98
583
1,081
228
31 December
2020
2019
2018
Customers
633
 
653
 
624
 
Allowance for expected credit losses
(104)
 
(71)
 
(70)
 
529
582
554
31 December
2020
2019
2018
Raw materials and supplies
325
 
472
 
465
 
Finished goods
288
 
323
 
295
 
Work-in-progress
275
 
342
 
327
 
888
1,137
1,087
31 December
F-25

--- Page 289 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
23 
15.
Long-term financial investments
16.
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment comprise of owned and leased assets that do not meet the definition of investment 
property. 
2020
2019
2018
Financial assets at FVTOCI
26
 
19
 
3 
Loans
7 
7 
5 
33
 
26
 
8 
31 December
Land and 
buildings
Plant and 
machinery
Other 
productive 
assets
Infrastructure 
assets
Construction-
in-progress
Total
Cost:
31 December 2017
1,521
4,323
359
55
952
7,210
Reclassifications
13
(13)
11
(11)
-
-
Additions
-
-
-
-
774
774
Disposals
(4)
(90)
(4)
(12)
(19)
(129)
Transfers to other assets
(2)
(2)
-
-
-
(4)
Transfers
101
485
56
1
(643)
-
Translation to presentation currency
(267)
(756)
(74)
(8)
(160)
(1,265)
31 December 2018
1,362
3,947
348
25
904
6,586
Recognition of right-of-use assets on 
initial application of IFRS 16
25
21
1
-
-
47
Reclassifications
78
(64)
(14)
-
-
-
Additions
14
30
-
-
1,281
1,325
Disposals
(9)
(91)
(6)
(3)
(49)
(158)
Business de-combinations
(166)
(221)
(5)
-
(2)
(394)
Transfers from other assets
32
26
1
-
-
59
Transfers
84
574
238
2
(898)
-
Translation to presentation currency
166
490
55
2
119
832
31 December 2019
1,586
4,712
618
26
1,355
8,297
Reclassifications
(55)
-
55
-
-
-
Additions
6
10
-
-
1,279
1,295
Disposals
(3)
(97)
(7)
(4)
(9)
(120)
Business combinations
6
12
1
-
-
19
Transfers to other assets
(9)
(7)
-
-
-
(16)
Transfers
379
647
220
-
(1,246)
-
Translation to presentation currency
(243)
(747)
(122)
(4)
(232)
(1,348)
31 December 2020
1,667
4,530
765
18
1,147
8,127
Depreciation and impairment:
31 December 2017
586
2,639
139
36
109
3,509
Reclassifications
8
(8)
7
(7)
-
-
Depreciation expense
56
293
30
-
-
379
Disposals
(3)
(77)
(4)
(4)
(3)
(91)
Reversal of impairment
(8)
(23)
(21)
-
(14)
(66)
Translation to presentation currency
(103)
(462)
(29)
(6)
(14)
(614)
31 December 2018
536
2,362
122
19
78
3,117
Reclassifications
40
(35)
(5)
-
-
-
Depreciation expense
63
319
44
-
-
426
Disposals
(6)
(80)
(6)
(2)
(46)
(140)
Business de-combinations
(47)
(97)
(4)
-
-
(148)
Reversal of impairment
-
-
-
-
(5)
(5)
Translation to presentation currency
62
288
19
3
5
377
31 December 2019
648
2,757
170
20
32
3,627
Depreciation expense
55
314
46
-
-
415
Disposals
(2)
(78)
(6)
(4)
(8)
(98)
Impairment
-
-
-
-
11
11
Translation to presentation currency
(101)
(438)
(32)
(3)
-
(574)
31 December 2020
600
2,555
178
13
35
3,381
F-26

--- Page 290 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
24 
Other productive assets include transportation equipment and tools. 
As at 31 December 2020, property, plant and equipment included right-of-use assets of US$ 129 million related to 
leased assets (31 December 2019: US$ 162 million; 31 December 2018: US$ 86 million of leased assets were not yet 
put into operation and included in construction-in-progress). 
Of the above amounts of additions to construction-in-progress, US$ 38 million (2019: US$ 18 million, 2018: 
US$_13_million) is capitalised interest.  
The Group applied a weighted average capitalisation rate of 5% to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible 
for capitalisation for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: 6%; 2018: 5%). 
17.
Intangible assets
Land and 
buildings
Plant and 
machinery
Other 
productive 
assets
Infrastructure 
assets
Construction-
in-progress
Total
Net book values:
31 December 2018
826
1,585
226
6
826
3,469
31 December 2019
938
1,955
448
6
1,323
4,670
31 December 2020
1,067
1,975
587
5
1,112
4,746
Goodwill
Mineral 
rights
Software
Evaluation 
and 
exploration 
Other 
intangible 
assets
Total
Cost:
31 December 2017
32
55
237
265
45
634
Reclassifications
-
1
-
(1)
-
-
Additions 
-
-
28
7
1
36
Disposals
-
(1)
-
(4)
-
(5)
Translation to presentation currency
(4)
(9)
(44)
(8)
(7)
(72)
31 December 2018
28
46
221
259
39
593
Reclassifications
-
2
-
(2)
-
-
Additions 
-
2
71
9
4
86
Disposals
-
-
(10)
(1)
(1)
(12)
Business de-combinations
-
-
(2)
-
-
(2)
Translation to presentation currency
2
4
31
6
6
49
31 December 2019
30
54
311
271
48
714
Reclassifications
-
5
-
(6)
1
-
Additions 
-
1
53
11
-
65
Disposals
-
-
(8)
(1)
-
(9)
Business combinations
2
-
-
-
2
4
Translation to presentation currency
(4)
(9)
(50)
(7)
(8)
(78)
31 December 2020
28
51
306
268
43
696
Amortisation and impairment:
31 December 2017
23
38
82
226
24
393
Amortisation expense
-
1
22
2
1
26
Reversal of impairment
-
(2)
-
-
-
(2)
Disposals
-
(1)
-
(4)
-
(5)
Translation to presentation currency
(3)
(6)
(16)
(2)
(4)
(31)
31 December 2018
20
30
88
222
21
381
Amortisation expense
-
1
34
2
1
38
Disposals
-
-
(3)
(1)
(1)
(5)
Business de-combinations
-
-
(1)
-
-
(1)
Translation to presentation currency
2
4
11
1
4
22
31 December 2019
22
35
129
224
25
435
Amortisation expense
-
1
40
2
2
45
Disposals
-
-
(1)
-
-
(1)
Translation to presentation currency
(3)
(6)
(21)
(1)
(4)
(35)
31 December 2020
19
30
147
225
23
444
Net book values:
31 December 2018
8
16
133
37
18
212
31 December 2019
8
19
182
47
23
279
31 December 2020
9
21
159
43
20
252
F-27

--- Page 291 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
25 
18.
Debt finance
Total debt is contractually repayable after the balance sheet date as follows: 
Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities: 
Bonds issued 
In April 2016, the Group issued US$ 200 million senior unsecured guaranteed convertible bonds maturing in 2021. 
The conversion rights may be exercised at any time on or after 9 June 2016. The initial conversion price was set at 
2020
2019
2018
Eurobonds 2021
US dollars
August
3.85%
505
505
503
Eurobonds 2022
US dollars
October
5.9%
635
633
635
Eurobonds 2024
US dollars
September
3.15%
802
799
-
Rouble bonds 2024
Roubles
March
8.65%
139
165
-
Rouble bonds 2026
Roubles
March
8.65%
206
247
-
Convertible bonds 2021
US dollars
April
0.5%
16
36
86
Convertible bonds 2022
US dollars
February
0.0%
240
231
220
Bank financing
Roubles
65
31
7
Other financing
Roubles
4
4
4
2,612
2,651
1,455
31 December
Maturity
Currency
Interest rate
2020
2019
2018
Less than one year
610
 
290
 
110
 
Between one and five years
1,799
 
2,119
 
1,344
 
After more than five years
203
 
242
 
1 
2,612
2,651
1,455
31 December
Debt 
financing
Lease 
liabilities, 
net
Dividends 
payable
Derivative 
financial 
liabilities, net
Total
Balance as at 31 December 2017
2,093
-
6
157
2,256
Net cash flow changes
(658) 
-
(1,971) 
(12)
(2,641)
Equity changes
(76) 
-
1,977
3
1,904
Interest accrued and other finance costs
96
-
-
-
96
Changes in fair value and gain on disposal of 
financial instruments
-
-
-
(63)
(63)
Changes in lease liabilities, net
-
73
-
-
73
Foreign currency translation gain
-
-
(6) 
-
(6)
Balance as at 31 December 2018
1,455
73
6
85
1,619
Initial application of IFRS 16
-
47
-
-
47
Net cash flow changes
1,082
(23)
(1,574)
(19)
(534)
Equity changes
(24) 
-
1,545
(2)
1,519
Interest accrued and other finance costs
117
3
-
-
120
Changes in fair value and gain on disposal of 
financial instruments
-
-
-
22
22
Changes in lease liabilities, net
-
30
-
-
30
Foreign currency translation loss
21
13
30
-
64
Balance as at 31 December 2019
2,651
143
7
86
2,887
Net cash flow changes
(106)
(21)
(1,228) 
(13)
(1,368)
Equity changes
(3) 
-
1,219
-
1,216
Interest accrued and other finance costs
136
6
-
-
142
Changes in fair value and loss on disposal of 
financial instruments
-
-
-
141
141
Changes in lease liabilities, net
-
13
-
-
13
Business combinations
3  
-
-
-
3
Foreign currency translation (gain)/loss
(69)
(23)
10
-
(82)
Balance as at 31 December 2020
2,612
118
8
214
2,952
F-28

--- Page 292 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
26 
US$ 13.80 per GDR. If the conversion rights are exercised, it is at the Group’s discretion to determine whether to 
convert bonds into GDRs or to pay a cash amount as defined in the terms of the issue. This settlement option causes 
the conversion feature of the bond to be classified separately and measured at fair value through profit and loss, while 
the host liability is accounted for at amortised cost using market interest rate of 5.1% per annum at the date of the 
issue. The bonds bear an interest rate of 0.5% per annum, which is payable semi-annually in April and October each 
year, beginning in October 2016. Holders of the bonds had an option to require an early redemption of their bonds on 
29 April 2019 at the principal amount plus accrued interest. The Group also has an option for early redemption, 
exercisable starting from 20 May 2019 provided the value of the GDRs deliverable on conversion of the bonds exceeds 
130 per cent of the principal amount of the bonds for a specified period of time. The proceeds from the bonds’ issuance 
were mainly used for general corporate purposes. During 2018-2020 conversion rights were partially exercised. As a 
result, as at 31 December 2020 US$ 183 million of bonds at nominal value were redeemed (31 December 2019: 
US$*161 million; 31 December 2018: US$_103 million). 
As at 31 December 2020, the value of the conversion option of the convertible bonds maturing in 2021 was 
US$*24*million and was determined with reference to the quoted market price (level 2 of the fair value hierarchy) and 
included in other current liabilities (Note 19) (31 December 2019: US$ 34 million was included in other non-current 
liabilities; 31 December 2018: US$_50 million was included in other current liabilities). 
In February 2017, the Group issued US$ 250 million senior unsecured guaranteed convertible zero-coupon bonds 
maturing in 2022. The conversion rights may be exercised at any time on or after 29 March 2017. The initial conversion 
price was set at US$ 20.33 per GDR. If the conversion rights are exercised, it is at the Group’s discretion to determine 
whether to convert bonds into GDRs or to pay a cash amount as defined in the terms of the issue. This settlement 
option causes the conversion feature of the bond to be classified separately and measured at fair value through profit 
and loss, whilst the host liability is accounted for at amortised cost using market interest rate at 3.9% per annum at the 
date of the issue. Holders of the bonds have an option to require an early redemption of their bonds on 16 February 
2020 at the principal amount. The Group also has an option for early redemption, exercisable starting from 9 March 
2020 provided the value of the GDRs deliverable on conversion of the bonds exceeds 130 per cent of the principal 
amount of the bonds for a specified period of time. The proceeds from the bonds’ issuance were mainly used for 
general corporate purposes. 
As at 31 December 2020, the value of the conversion option of the convertible bonds maturing in 2022 was 
US$ 123 million and was determined with reference to the quoted market price (level 2 of the fair value hierarchy) and 
included in other non-current liabilities (Note 21) (31 December 2019: US$ 59 million was included in other current 
liabilities; 31 December 2018: US$ 35 million was included in other non-current liabilities). 
In April 2019, the Group issued two rouble denominated bonds amounting to US$ 230 million and US$ 153 million with 
put-options in 2026 and 2024, respectively, both due in 2029. The bonds bear an interest rate of 8.65% per annum, 
which is payable every 182 days, beginning in October 2019. The proceeds from the bonds’ issuance were used 
mainly for general corporate purposes.  
In September 2019, the Group issued US$ 800 million bonds denominated in US dollars maturing in 2024. These 
bonds bear an interest rate of 3.15% per annum, which is payable semi-annually in September and March each year, 
beginning in  March 2020. The proceeds from the bonds’ issuance were mainly used for general corporate purposes. 
At the reporting date the Group had US$ 1,096 million (31 December 2019: US$ 1,250 million; 31 December 2018: 
US$ 1,157 million) of committed unused long-term сredit lines and overdraft facilities. 
19.
Other current liabilities
2020
2019
2018
Advances received
134
 
148
 
107
 
Amounts payable to employees
73
 
136
 
105
 
Derivative financial liabilities (Note 18)
24
59
50
Provisions
16
 
16
 
19
 
Lease liabilities
14
 
15
6 
Retirement benefit liabilities (Note 20)
5
6
6
Other liabilities
68
 
38
 
30
 
334
418
323
31 December
F-29

--- Page 293 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
27 
20.
Retirement benefit liabilities
The Group provides for its employees the following retirement benefits, which are actuarially calculated as defined 
benefit obligations: lump sums payable to employees on retirement, monthly pensions, jubilee benefits, invalidity and 
death lump sums, burial expenses compensation, healthcare benefits, life insurance and other benefits. 
The current portion of retirement benefit liabilities is included in caption ‘Other current liabilities’. The total amount of 
the retirement benefit liabilities is presented in the table below:  
The following assumptions were used to calculate the retirement benefit liabilities: 
The Group’s weighted average remaining life of the pensioners and employees, receiving the retirement benefits 
equalled to 16 years as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: 17 years; 31 December 2018: 16 years). 
The movements in the defined benefit obligation were as follows: 
*In the year ended 31 December 2018 service cost additionally included the effect of the retirement age increase in Russia.
**Actuarial losses/(gains) arise primarily from changes in financial assumptions.
The defined benefit obligations were wholly unfunded at the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
21.
Other non-current liabilities
2020
2019
2018
Current portion
5
6 
6 
Non-current portion
61
74
 
56
 
66
80
62
31 December
2020
2019
2018
Discount rates:
 Russia
6.3%
6.5%
8.9%
Future rates of benefit increase:
 Russia
3.6%
4.0%
4.1%
31 December
2020
2019
2018
Opening balance
80
62
85
Benefits paid
(6) 
(8) 
(7) 
Interest cost
4
5
6
Service cost* (Note 5)
1
1
(1) 
Actuarial losses/(gains)**
-
12
(6) 
Translation to presentation currency
(13) 
8
(15) 
Closing balance
66
80
62
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Derivative financial liabilities
191
34
35
Decommissioning liabilities
121
 
155
 
62
 
Lease liabilities
110
 
137
 
67
 
Amounts payable to employees
9 
7 
5 
Deferred income
- 
1 
3 
Other liabilities
16
24
 
4
447
 
358
 
176
 
31 December
F-30

--- Page 294 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
28 
Decommissioning liabilities 
The Group has environmental liabilities related to restoration of soil and other related works, which are due upon the 
closures of its mines and production facilities. These costs are expected to be incurred between 2023 – 2049. The 
present value of expected cash outflows was estimated using existing technology, and discounted using a real discount 
rate. These rates are as follows: 
The movements in the decommissioning liabilities were as follows: 
The change in assumptions related to re-scheduling of the decommissioning and changes in the discount rate of JSC 
Vorkutaugol in 2020, 2019 and JSC Olcon in 2019, 2018, and changes in the discount rate of JSC Olcon in 2020. 
22. Shareholders’ equity
Share Capital 
The Parent Company’s share capital consists of ordinary shares with a nominal value of RUB 0.01 each. The 
authorised share capital of Severstal as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 comprised 837,718,660 issued and 
fully paid shares and amounted to US$ 2,753 million. 
The nominal amount of initial share capital was converted into US dollars using exchange rates during the Soviet 
period, when the Government contributed the original capital funds to the enterprise. These capital funds were 
converted into ordinary shares on 24 September 1993 and sold by the Government at privatisation auctions.  
All shares carry equal voting and distribution rights. 
Reconciliation between weighted average number of shares in issue and weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the period (millions of shares):  
Severstal Resources:
2020
2019
2018
Russia
1.0 - 3.8
1.8 - 3.2
4.1 - 5.3
Discount rates, %
2020
2019
2018
Opening balance
155
 
62
76
Change in assumptions
(17)
75
(8)
Interest cost
9
7
6
Translation to presentation currency
(26)
 
11
(12)
Closing balance
121
 
155
62
Year ended 31 December
2020
2019
2018
Weighted average number of shares in issue
838
838
838
Weighted average number of treasury shares
(13)
(13)
(21)
Weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the period
825
825
817
Year ended 31 December
F-31

--- Page 295 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
29 
Earnings per share 
In 2017 the Group issued US$ 250 million convertible bonds and in 2016 issued US$ 200 million convertible bonds 
(Note 18), which had an effect on earnings per share as demonstrated below: 
Dividends 
The maximum dividend payable is restricted to the total accumulated retained earnings of the Parent Company 
determined according to Russian law. 
On 8 June 2018, the Meeting of Shareholders approved an annual dividend of RUB 27.72 (US$ 0.45 at 8 June 2018 
exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the year ended 31 December 2017 and an interim dividend of RUB 38.32 
(US$ 0.62 at 8 June 2018 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first quarter of the year ended 
31 December 2018. 
On 14 September 2018, the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders approved an interim dividend of RUB 45.94 
(US$ 0.67 at 14 September 2018 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first six months of the year ended 
31 December 2018. 
On 23 November 2018, the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders approved an interim dividend of RUB 44.39 
(US$ 0.68 at 23 November 2018 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first nine months of the year ended 
31 December 2018. 
On 26 April 2019, the Meeting of Shareholders approved an annual dividend of RUB 32.08 (US$ 0.50 at 26*April*2019 
exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the year ended 31 December 2018. 
On 7 June 2019, the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders approved an interim dividend of RUB_35.43 (US$ 0.54 at 
7_June 2019 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first quarter of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
On 6 September 2019, the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders approved an interim dividend of RUB 26.72 
(US$_0.40 at 6 September 2019 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first six months of the year ended 31 
December 2019. 
On 22 November 2019, the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders approved an interim dividend of RUB 27.47 
(US$_0.43 at 22 November 2019 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first nine months of the year ended 
31_December_2019. 
On 5 June 2020, the Meeting of Shareholders approved an annual dividend of RUB 26.26 (US$_0.38 at 5*June*2020 
exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the year ended 31 December 2019 and an interim dividend of RUB 27.35 
(US$_0.40 at 5 June 2020 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first quarter of the year ended 31 December 
2020. 
On 28 August 2020, the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders approved an interim dividend of RUB 15.44 (US$_0.21 
at 28 August 2020 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first six months of the year ended 31_December 
2020. 
On 27 November 2020, the Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders approved an interim dividend of RUB 37.34 
(US$*0.49 at 27 November 2020 exchange rate) per share and per GDR for the first nine months of the year ended 
31 December 2020. 
2020
2019
2018
Profit for the period attributable to shareholders of PAO Severstal
1,016
 
1,766
 
2,051
 
Adjustments related to convertible bonds, net of tax
142
 
(3)
46
Adjusted profit for the period attributable to shareholders of PAO Severstal
1,158
 
1,763
 
2,097
 
Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period 
(millions of shares) 
825
 
825
 
817
 
Effect on conversion of convertible bonds (millions of shares)
25
 
24
 
31
 
Adjusted/diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the 
period (millions of shares)
850
 
849
 
848
 
Basic earnings per share (US dollars) 
1.23
2.14
2.51
Adjusted/diluted earnings per share (US dollars)
1.36
2.08
2.47
Year ended 31 December
F-32

--- Page 296 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
30 
23. Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
The following is a list of the Group’s significant subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and the effective ownership 
holdings therein: 
Acquisition of subsidiary 
In March 2020, the Group acquired a 100% stake in the Sintez group of companies from a third party for a total 
consideration of 1.4 billion Russian roubles (US$ 20 million at the transaction date exchange rate). Sintez is located 
in Dzerzhinsk and produces a wide range of unique carbonyl iron powders. 
In the third quarter of 2020, the Group completed its estimation of the fair values of the acquired assets, the revaluation 
mainly related to property plant and equipment.  
Company
2020
2019
2018
Location
Activity
Severstal Russian Steel segment:
Subsidiaries:
LLC Severstal Digital Solutions 1
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Steel sales
AO Severstal LPM Balakovo
n/a
n/a
100.0%
Russia
Iron & steel mill
JSC Domnaremont
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Repairs & Construction
Severstal-Project LLC
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Repairs & Construction
Aircompany Severstal Ltd
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Air transport
Severstal Export GmbH
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Switzerland 2
Steel sales
SIA Severstal Distribution
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Latvia 2
Steel sales
AO Severstal Distribution
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Metal sales
AO Izhora Pipe Mill
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Wide pipes
JSC Severstal-Metiz
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Steel machining
Associates:
JSC Air Liquide Severstal
25.0%
25.0%
25.0%
Russia
Production of liquid oxygen
Joint ventures:
Rutgers Severtar LLC
34.7%
34.7%
34.7%
Russia
Production of vacuum pitch
Severstal-Gonvarri-Kaluga LLC
50.0%
50.0%
50.0%
Russia
Iron & steel mill
Gestamp-Severstal-Kaluga LLC
25.0%
25.0%
25.0%
Russia
Production of car body components
LLC TenarisSeverstal
51.0%
51.0%
n/a
Russia
Production of pipes for the oil industry
Severstal Resources segment:
Subsidiaries:
JSC Karelsky Okatysh
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Iron ore pellets
JSC Olcon
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Iron ore concentrate
JSC Vorkutaugol
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Coking coal concentrate
Mining Holding Company LLC
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Holding company
АО YaGOK 3
n/a
n/a
100.0%
Russia
Iron ore
OOO Korpanga
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Russia
Iron ore
3 – Merged with OOO Korpanga.
31 December
1 – The entity was renamed from Severstal TPZ-Sheksna LLC.
2 – Severstal Russian Steel segment contains foreign trading companies, which sell products primarily produced in Russia.
F-33

--- Page 297 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
31 
A summary of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition is presented below: 
Investments in associate and joint venture 
Investment in 2020 
In July 2020, the Group acquired a 24% stake in Linde Severstal LLC for a total consideration of US$ 2 million, resulting 
in a 50% share in the associate.  
Investments in 2019 
In March 2019, the Group acquired a 51% stake in TenarisSeverstal PTE. Ltd for a nominal total consideration close 
to nil. TenarisSeverstal PTE. Ltd is the sole participant of LLC TenarisSeverstal that will produce pipes for the oil 
industry in the Surgut area, West Siberia, Russian Federation.  In 2019, the Group made additional contributions to 
the capital amounting to US$ 20 million. 
In July 2019, the Group acquired a 26% stake in Linde Severstal LLC for a total consideration of US$ 1 million. Linde 
Severstal LLC produces coil-wound heat exchangers for use at medium-scale and large-scale liquefied natural gas 
plants.   
Disposal of subsidiary 
АО Severstal LPM Balakovo  
In May 2019 Severstal entered into a definitive agreement to sell its subsidiary AO Severstal LPM Balakovo. 
In July 2019, the Group sold its 100% stake in АО Severstal LPM Balakovo to a third party for a total consideration of 
US$_215 million, of which US$ 205 million related to intercompany loan redemption. The fair value measurement for 
the disposal subsidiary has been categorised as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
The loss on disposal of US$_21_million was recognised in these consolidated financial statements as part of net other 
non-operating expenses. 
Cash and cash equivalents
1
Inventories
2
Property, plant and equipment
19
Other
3
Total assets
25
Debt finance
(3)
Deferred tax liabilities 
(3)
Other
(1)
Total liabilities
(7)
Net identifiable assets acquired
18
Consideration in cash
(20)
Goodwill on acquisition of subsidiary
(2)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
(19)
Year ended 
31 December 2020
F-34

--- Page 298 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
32 
A summary of assets and liabilities disposed during 2019 is presented below: 
24.
Segmental analysis
The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and profit from operations by segment: 
25.
Alternative performance measures
In order to assess the Group’s performance the Group’s management constantly monitors the following set of 
alternative performance measures presented in the table below: 
Property, plant and equipment
(246)
Inventories
(21)
Other
(8)
Total assets
(275)
Short-term debt finance
205
Trade accounts payable
22
Deferred tax liabilities
16
Other taxes and social security payable
3
Other
1
Total liabilities
247
Net identifiable assets
(28)
Consideration in cash
215
including intercompany loan redemption
(205)
Selling costs paid in cash
(3)
Net loss on disposal  (Note 8)
(21)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
215
Year ended 
31 December 2019
Severstal
Inter -
Severstal
Russian
segment
Conso-
Resources
Steel
transactions
lidated
Twelve months 2020
Revenue
1,825
6,845
(1,800) 
6,870
Profit from operations
785
1,209
(64)
1,930
Intersegment revenue
1,710
90
(1,800) 
-
Twelve months 2019
Revenue
2,169
8,025
(2,037) 
8,157
Profit from operations
1,080
1,218
29
2,327
Intersegment revenue
1,954
83
(2,037) 
-
Twelve months 2018
Revenue
1,908
7,803
(1,131) 
8,580
Profit from operations
872
1,877
(42)
2,707
Intersegment revenue
1,061
70
(1,131) 
-
2020
2019
2018
EBITDA
2,422
2,805
3,142
EBITDA margin1, %
35.3
34.4
36.6
Free Cash Flow
838
1,099
1,601
Low Debt (NetDebt2/EBITDA), x
0.8
0.6
0.4
1 EBITDA margin is equal to EBITDA divided by Revenue;
Year ended 31 December
2 Net Debt is equal to the total debt finance less cash and cash equivalents.
F-35

--- Page 299 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
33 
The following is a reconciliation of profit from operations to EBITDA, in total and analysed by segment: 
Twelve months ended 31 December 2020: 
Twelve months ended 31 December 2019: 
Twelve months ended 31 December 2018: 
The following is a reconciliation of net cash from operating activities to Free Cash Flow, in total and analysed by 
segment: 
Twelve months ended 31 December 2020: 
Twelve months ended 31 December 2019: 
Severstal
Inter - 
Severstal
Russian
segment
Conso-
Resources
Steel
transactions
lidated
Profit from operations
785
1,209
(64)
1,930
Adjustments to reconcile profit from operations to EBITDA:
Depreciation and amortisation of productive assets
170
290
-
460
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
3
18
-
21
Share of associates' and joint ventures' depreciation and amortisation 
and non-operating income
-
11
-
11
EBITDA
958
1,528
(64)
2,422
Severstal
Inter - 
Severstal
Russian
segment
Conso-
Resources
Steel
transactions
lidated
Profit from operations
1,080
1,218
29
2,327
Adjustments to reconcile profit from operations to EBITDA:
Depreciation and amortisation of productive assets
165
299
-
464
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
3
9
-
12
Share of associates' and joint ventures' depreciation and amortisation 
and non-operating income
-
2
-
2
EBITDA
1,248
1,528
29
2,805
Severstal
Inter - 
Severstal
Russian
segment
Conso-
Resources
Steel
transactions
lidated
Profit from operations
872
1,877
(42)
2,707
Adjustments to reconcile profit from operations to EBITDA:
Depreciation and amortisation of productive assets
137
268
-
405
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
7
16
-
23
Share of associates' and joint ventures' depreciation and amortisation 
and non-operating income
-
6
1
7
EBITDA
1,016
2,167
(41)
3,142
Severstal
Inter - 
Severstal
Russian
segment
Conso-
Resources
Steel
transactions
lidated
Net cash from operating activities
786
 
1,311
          
47
 
2,144
        
Additions to property, plant and equipment
(380)
 
(875)
 
(1)
 
(1,256)
 
Additions to intangible assets
(11)
 
(60)
 
- 
(71)
 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets
- 
4 
1 
5 
Interest received
38
 
20
 
(48)
 
10
 
Dividends received
- 
6 
- 
6 
Free Cash Flow
433
 
406
 
(1)
 
838
 
Severstal
Inter - 
Severstal
Russian
segment
Conso-
Resources
Steel
transactions
lidated
Net cash from operating activities
1,202
          
1,040
          
50
 
2,292
        
Additions to property, plant and equipment
(394)
 
(781)
 
18
 
(1,157)
       
Additions to intangible assets
(13)
 
(48)
 
- 
(61)
 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets
- 
33
 
(18)
 
15
 
Interest received
55
 
15
 
(66)
 
4 
Dividends received
- 
6 
- 
6 
Free Cash Flow
850
 
265
 
(16)
 
1,099
 
F-36

--- Page 300 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
34 
Twelve months ended 31 December 2018: 
26.
Financial instruments
The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set 
appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and 
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. 
The Group’s Board of Directors oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk management 
policies and procedures. The Group’s Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in 
relation to the risks faced by the Group on a quarterly basis.  
Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risk arises in the normal course of the Group's business. The 
Severstal Resources segment of the Group has not used derivative financial instruments to reduce exposure to 
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. If required, the Severstal Russian Steel segment uses 
derivatives to hedge their interest rates and foreign exchange rate exposures. 
Management believes that the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities approximates their carrying amounts 
except for the following borrowings: 
The above amounts include accrued interest. The fair value of the Group’s Eurobonds was determined based on 
London Stock Exchange quotations (level 1 of the fair value hierarchy); the fair value of the Group’s rouble bonds was 
based on MOEX. 
Credit risk 
The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the consolidated 
statement of financial position and guarantees.  
Part of the Group’s sales are made on terms of letters of credit. In addition, the Group requires prepayments from 
certain customers. The Group also holds bank and other guarantees, credit insurance policies provided as collateral 
for certain financial assets. The amount of collateral held does not fully cover the Group’s exposure to credit risk. 
The Group allocates each exposure to credit risk based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss 
(including but not limited to external ratings, audited financial statements and publicly available information about 
customers) and applying experienced credit judgement.   
Expected credit losses rate is calculated for accounts receivable based on delinquency status and actual credit losses 
experience over the past three years. 
Severstal
Inter - 
Severstal
Russian
segment
Conso-
Resources
Steel
transactions
lidated
Net cash from operating activities
771
 
1,434
          
49
 
2,254
        
Additions to property, plant and equipment
(296)
 
(357)
 
- 
(653)
 
Additions to intangible assets
(5)
 
(30)
 
- 
(35)
 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets
1 
14
 
- 
15
 
Interest received
47
 
27
 
(58)
 
16
 
Dividends received
1 
3 
- 
4 
Free Cash Flow
519
 
1,091
 
(9)
 
1,601
 
Fair 
Value
Book 
value
Difference
Fair 
Value
Book 
value
Difference
Fair 
Value
Book 
value
Difference
Eurobonds 2021
515
505
10
517
505
12
489
503
(14)
Eurobonds 2022
686
635
51
687
633
54
653
635
18
Eurobonds 2024
840
802
38
804
799
5
-
-
-
Rouble bonds 2024
152
139
13
177
165
12
-
-
-
Rouble bonds 2026
206
206
-
247
247
-
-
-
-
Convertible bonds 2021
40
40
-
71
70
1
142
136
6
Convertible bonds 2022
370
363
7
296
290
6
249
255
(6)
2,809
2,690
119
2,799
2,709
90
1,533
1,529
4
31 December
2020
2018
2019
F-37

--- Page 301 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
35 
The Group has developed policies and procedures for the management of credit exposure, including the establishment 
of a credit committee that actively monitors credit risk.  
Additionally, in order to minimise credit risk of the counterparty banks, the analysis is carried out in respect of banks’ 
financial stability, and a quarterly review of the risk limits for banks with subsequent review of the Group's operations  
within those established limits. 
The maximum exposure to credit risk for financial instruments, including accounts receivable from related parties, was: 
The maximum exposure to credit risk for trade receivables, including trade receivables from related parties by 
geographic region, was: 
Concentration of credit risk 
2020 
The Group held cash and cash equivalents of US$ 583 million as at 31 December 2020. The cash and cash equivalents 
are mostly held with banks, which are rated Baa3, based on Moody’s ratings. 
2019 
The Group held cash and cash equivalents of US$ 1,081 million as at 31 December 2019. The cash and cash 
equivalents are mostly held with banks, which are rated Baa3, based on Moody’s ratings. 
2018 
The Group held cash and cash equivalents of US$ 228 million as at 31 December 2018. The cash and cash equivalents 
are mostly held with banks, which are rated Ba2, based on Moody’s ratings. 
Allowance for expected credit losses 
The ageing of trade receivables from customers, including related parties, was: 
2020
2019
2018
Loans and receivables
588
681
621
Cash and cash equivalents
583
 
1,081
 
228
 
Financial assets at FVTOCI
26
19
3
1,197
 
1,781
 
852
 
31 December
2020
2019
2018
Russian Federation
355
432
363
Europe
154
88
136
Africa
11
37
12
CIS
11
17
13
The Middle East
11
9
29
North America 
3
9
-
China and Central Asia
-
8
17
Central and South America
-
-
1
545
600
571
31 December
Gross
Allowance
Gross
Allowance
Gross
Allowance
Not past due
510
-
492
-
532
-
Past due less than 30 days
23
-
84
-
35
-
Past due 31-90 days
8
(1)
21
(1)
4
(1) 
Past due 91-180 days
13
(8)
3
(1)
2
(1) 
Past due 181-365 days
58
(58)
2
(1)
39
(39) 
More than one year
37
(37)
69
(68)
29
(29) 
649
(104)
671
(71)
641
(70) 
2019
2018
2020
31 December
F-38

--- Page 302 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
36 
The movement in the allowance in respect of trade receivables, including those from related parties, during the years 
was as follows: 
The allowance account for expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables, including those from related parties, 
is used to record losses, unless the Group is satisfied that no recovery of the amount owing is possible; at that point 
the amount is considered irrecoverable and is written off against the financial asset directly.  
The allowance for expected credit losses contains primarily individually impaired trade receivables from debtors placed 
under liquidation or companies which are in breach of contract terms. 
The Group’s allowance for expected credit losses is recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of 
“General and administrative expenses”.  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk arises when the Group encounters difficulties to meet commitments associated with liabilities and other 
settlements. 
The Group manages liquidity risk with the objective of ensuring that funds will be available at all times to honour all 
cash obligations as they become due, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the 
maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. 
The Group also maintains committed credit lines and overdraft facilities that can be drawn down to meet both short-
term and long-term financing needs. This enables the Group to maintain an appropriate level of liquidity and financial 
capacity and to minimise borrowing costs and achieve an optimal debt profile. 
The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest payments and excluding 
the impact of netting agreements (сontractual cash flows in foreign currency were converted using the spot rate at the 
reporting date): 
2020
2019
2018
Opening balance
(71)
(70)
(81)
Allowance recognised
(81)
(3)
(4)
Allowance reversed
2
6
8
Allowance written off
39
-
-
Translation to presentation currency
7
(4)
7
Closing balance
(104)
(71)
(70)
Year ended 31 December
31 December 2020
Carrying 
amount
Contractual 
cash flows
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years
2-5 years
More than 
5 years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Debt finance
2,612
(2,934)
(695)
(970)
(1,057)
(212)
Trade and other payables
750
(750)
(737)
(5)
(8)
-
Lease liabilities
124
(170)
(13)
(15)
(35)
(107)
Derivative financial assets and liabilities
Outflow
68
(478)
(37)
(12)
(202)
(227)
Inflow
1
500
54
29
205
212
(3,832)
(1,428)
(973)
(1,097)
(334)
31 December 2019
Carrying 
amount
Contractual 
cash flows
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years
2-5 years
More than 
5 years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Debt finance
2,651
(3,133)
(401)
(656)
(1,802)
(274)
Trade and other payables
793
(793)
(771)
(8)
(14)
-
Lease liabilities
152
(223)
(19)
(13)
(45)
(146)
Derivative financial assets
Outflow
-
(275)
(6)
(6)
(175)
(88)
Inflow
7
357
20
21
219
97
(4,067)
(1,177)
(662)
(1,817)
(411)
F-39

--- Page 303 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
37 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Group had no significant bank financing. 
Currency risk 
Currency risk arises when a Group entity enters into transactions and has balances denominated in a currency other 
than its functional currency. The Group has assets and liabilities denominated in several foreign currencies. Foreign 
currency risk arises when the actual or forecasted assets in a foreign currency are either greater or less than the 
liabilities in that currency. 
In order to reduce the sensitivity to a currency risk the Group makes best effort to match cash inflows and outflows in 
the same currency. 
The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows: 
Sensitivity analysis 
A 10 percent strengthening of the following currencies against the functional currency as at 31 December 2020 would 
have increased/(decreased) profit and equity by the amounts shown below.  
This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and no translation difference 
into the presentation currency is included. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2019 and 2018.  
A 10 percent weakening of these currencies against the functional currency as at 31 December 2020 would have had 
the equal but opposite effect to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant. 
Commodity price risk 
Commodity price risk is a risk arising from possible changes in price of raw materials and metal products, and it has 
impact on the Group’s operational results. 
The Group has a high degree of vertical integration which allows it to control and effectively manage the entire 
production process: from mining of raw materials to production, processing and distribution of metal products. This 
reduces the Group's exposure to commodity price risk. 
31 December 2018
Carrying 
amount
Contractual 
cash flows
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years
2-5 years
More than 
5 years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Debt finance
1,455
(1,692)
(162)
(307)
(1,223)
-
Trade and other payables
600
(600)
(600)
-
-
-
Lease liabilities
73
(69)
(6)
(6)
(14)
(43)
(2,361)
(768)
(313)
(1,237)
(43)
EUR
USD
EUR
USD
EUR
USD
Cash and cash equivalents
155
403
856
-
146
10
Loans and receivables
278
296
813
393
851
523
Derivative financial assets
-
26
-
-
-
-
Trade and other payables
(223)
(29)
(296)
(38)
(209)
(41)
Debt finance
(36)
(2,468)
(621)
(2,561)
(500)
(1,934)
Derivative financial liabilities
(396)
(147)
(241)
(93)
-
(85)
Net exposure
(222)
(1,919)
511
(2,299)
288
(1,527)
31 December
2019
2018
2020
2020
2019
2018
Net profit
EUR
(18)
43
26
USD
(155)
(186)
(121)
Year ended 31 December
F-40

--- Page 304 ---
PAO Severstal and subsidiaries 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
Years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
(Amounts expressed in millions of US dollars, except as otherwise stated) 
38 
Fair value sensitivity analysis for fixed rate instruments 
The Group does not account for any fixed rate financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. 
Therefore a change in interest rates would not affect profit or loss. 
Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable rate instruments 
A change of 100 basis points in interest rates would not have a significant effect on profit and equity. This analysis 
assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant. The analysis is performed on 
the same basis for 2019 and 2018. 
Fair value hierarchy 
The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value by valuation method. The levels in the fair value 
hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised were disclosed in accordance with IFRS. 
The description of the levels is presented below: 
Level 1 – quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
Level 2 –  inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly or indirectly; 
Level 3 – inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data. 
27.
Commitments and contingencies
a.
For litigation and liabilities
In 2015 a claw-back claim was filed by Lucchini S.p.A’s (‘Lucchini’) extraordinary commissioner against the Group’s 
subsidiary amounting to approximately US$ 142 million. 
Lucchini was the Group’s subsidiary and was deconsolidated in 2011. Currently it is under a bankruptcy procedure. 
This claim related to cash received by the Group’s subsidiary for supplies of raw materials to Lucchini primarily during 
the period when Lucchini was already not part of the Group. 
On 4 September 2020, the Group and Lucchini’s extraordinary commissioner agreed to cancel the claim against the 
Group in full, with a final settlement payment by the Group of EUR 14 million (US$ 16 million). 
b.
Capital commitments
At the reporting date the Group had contractual capital commitments of US$ 349 million (31 December 2019: 
US$ 664 million; 31 December 2018: US$ 247 million).  
Note
2020
2019
2018
Level 2
Derivative financial assets
1
7
-
Derivative financial liabilities
(215)
(93)
(85)
18
(214)
(86)
(85)
Level 3
Financial assets at FVTOCI
15
26
19
3
26
19
3
31 December
F-41

--- Page 305 ---
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
Registered office: 
14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
F-42

--- Page 306 ---
Index
Page (s)
Directors and Other Information
1 - 2
Directors' Report
3 - 7
Balance Sheet
8 - 11
Profit and Loss Account
12
Notes to the Annual Accounts
13 - 20
Audit Report
21 - 25
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Steel Capital S.A.
F-43

--- Page 307 ---
Page 1
Directors and Other Information
Directors
Tarvesh Kumar Panchoo (as from 1 April 2019)
Laura Schlag (as from 11 April 2019)
Agnieszka Szczepankiewicz (as from 15 January 2019)
Eric-Jan Van de Laar (until 10 April 2019)
Corporate Administrator
Vistra (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. 
14, rue Edward Steichen,
L-2540 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Principal Banker
Citibank Europe plc (as from 2 October 2019)
31, Z.A. Bourmicht
L-8070 Bertrange
Luxembourg
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (until 2 October 2019)
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer
L-1115 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Lead Manager
Citibank Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
33, Canada Sqaure
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
Joint Lead Managers
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
33, Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
J.P. Morgan Securities PLC
25, Bank Street
Canary Wharf
London E14 5Jp
United Kingdom
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Beata Wlodarczak-Mantione (until 29 March 2019)
F-44

--- Page 308 ---
Page 2
Directors and Other Information (Continued)
Principal Paying Agent and Trustee
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre
33, Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative
L-1014 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
2, rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443
F-45

--- Page 309 ---
Page 3
The Directors present their Report and the Annual Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2019.
1. ACTIVITIES AND REVIEW OF THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS
2. BUSINESS REVIEW
During the year:
As at 31 December 2019:
- The Company had the following Notes in issue:
(i)
USD 634,051,000 5.90% Loan Participation Notes due on 2022 (EUR 565,484,725)
(ii)
USD 500,000,000 3.85% Loan Participation Notes due on 2021 (EUR 445,930,000)
(iii) USD 800,000,000 3.15% Loan Participation Notes due on 2024 (EUR 713,488,000)
3. FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS
The Company's principal activity is to issue loan participation notes (the ''Notes'') for the purpose of financing loans to Open Joint
Stock Company Severstal (the ''Loans'') and to its affiliated companies (together referred to as PAO Severstal).
The Directors expect the present level of activity to be sustained for the foreseeable future.
Steel Capital S.A. is a Luxembourg Company incorporated on 11 May 2006, for an unlimited duration, as a «société anonyme» and
is subject to the Luxembourg Law of 10 August 10, 1915 on commercial companies, as subsequently amended.
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2019
- The Company made a profit of EUR 164,521 (2018: EUR NIL);
- There were no credit events that affected the Company.
The Company has been performing in line with the agreements and all loans servicing for the interest payments were done on a
timely basis, the corresponding payments to Notesholders were also made.
As at 31 December 2019, the Company had 3 active Series in issue (2018: 2).
On 12 September 2019, the Company issued a Loan Participation Notes under Series 6 in the amount of USD 800,000,000 and the
proceeds was used to finance a loan (Loan_Series 6) to PAO Severstal maturing 16 September 2024. The Notes and the Loan bears
interest at a rate of 3.15% which is payable and receivable semi-annually on 16 March and 16 September starting as from
16^March^2020.
- The Company did not exercise any research and development activity, neither have a branch nor acquire its own shares.
- The Company's net equity was EUR 195,521 (2018: EUR 31,000);
- The Company's total indebtedness was EUR 1,744,639,798 (2018: EUR 1,002,001,473);
F-46

--- Page 310 ---
Page 4
4. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
(i)
Credit risk
(ii)
Liquidity risk
(iii) Market risk
(a)
Interest rate risk
Credit risk is the risk of the financial loss to the Company if a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual
obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s credit linked assets. The Company’s principal financial assets are other
loans, other debtors and cash at bank and in hand which represent the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to
the Notes issued.
The Company has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments and does not have any externally imposed
capital requirements.
The Loans provided involve a degree of risk arising from fluctuations in the amount and timing of receipt of the principal and
interest on the loans and the amounts payable to the Noteholders. The risk of default on the assets is borne by the Noteholders as
the Notes are issued on a limited recourse basis. Therefore, the Company is not obliged to pay any additional amount to the
Noteholders other than the amount receivable on the loans.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulties in meeting obligations arising from its financial liabilities as
they fall due.
The Company’s obligation to the Noteholders is limited to the net proceeds upon realisation of the loan towards PAO Severstal.
Should the net proceeds be insufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes, the other assets of the Company will not
be available for payment and the deficit is instead borne by the Noteholders.
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2019
The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company relate to Other loans and other assets held for risk management purposes.  
(continued)
The Company does not face major liquidity risk since it is obliged to make payments to the Noteholders in an amount and currency
equal to the amount and currency actually received from the Company. Liquidity risk is also limited since in consideration of the
Company agreeing to make Loans to PAO Severstal, the latter shall pay on demand to the Lender as and when such amounts are
due an amount equal to all ongoing fees and costs in accordance with the Loan arrangement fee of the amended and restated
Facility Agreement 3 September 2019.
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Company’s income or
its value of its holdings of financial instruments. Market risk embodies the potential for both gains and losses and includes interest
rate risk, currency risk and price risk.
Interest rate risk is the risk that the Company does not receive adequate interest from the Loan to secure interest payments on the
Notes. The Company is not exposed to any interest risk since both the Loans and Note bears the same terms and conditions.
Any default towards the interest receivable on the Loans will be borne by the Noteholders as the Notes are issued on a limited
recourse basis.
F-47

--- Page 311 ---
Page 5
4. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (Continued)
(iii) Market risk (continued)
(b)
Currency risk
(c)
Price risk
5. RESULT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019
6. DIRECTORS AND THEIR INTERESTS
7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
Financial Reporting Process 
The Company does not face any major currency risk since all the Notes issued by the Company are held in the same currency as the
investment in the Loans. In this case any fluctuation in foreign exchange rates will be offset by each other, therefore, the Company
bears limited currency risk.  
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2019
The Company is subject to and complies with the amended Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies and the Listing
Rules of the Irish Stock exchange. The Company does not apply additional requirements in addition to those required by the above.
Each of the service providers engaged by the Company is subject to their own corporate governance requirements.
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control and risk
management systems of the Company in relation to the financial reporting process. Such systems are designed to manage rather
than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the Company’s financial reporting objectives and can only provide reasonable and not
absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
(continued)
The Directors who held office on 31 December 2019 did not hold any shares in the Company or in any group company at that date,
or during the year. There were no contracts of any significance in relation to the business of the Company in which the Directors
had any interest at any time during the year.
Price risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices, whether caused by
factors specific to an individual investment, its issuer or all factors affecting all instruments traded in the market. The Company
does not consider price risk to be a significant risk to the Company as any fluctuation in the value of loans held by the Company
will be borne by the Noteholders.
The result for the year is set out on page 12.
Currency risk is the risk which arises due to the assets and liabilities of the Company held in foreign currencies, which will be
affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company limits its exposure to currency risk by operating bank accounts in
currencies other than its presentation currency for receipts and payments in currencies other than its presentation currencies. The
Company is exposed to movement in exchange rates between Euro (EUR), its presentation currency, and certain foreign currencies
namely US Dollar (''USD'').
F-48

--- Page 312 ---
Page 6
7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (Continued)
Financial Reporting Process (continued)
Risk Assessment
Control Activities
Monitoring
Capital Structure
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2019
The Board has an annual process to ensure that appropriate measures are taken to consider and address the shortcomings identified
and measures recommended by the independent auditors.
The Administrator is contractually obliged to design and maintain control structures to manage the risks which are significant for
internal control over financial reporting. These control structures include appropriate division of responsibilities and specific
control activities aimed at detecting or preventing the risk of significant deficiencies in financial reporting for every significant
account in the Annual Accounts and the related notes in the Company’s accounts.
Given the contractual obligations on the Administrator, the Board has concluded that there is currently no need for the Company to
have a separate internal audit function in order for the board to perform effective monitoring and oversight of the internal control
and risk management systems of the Company in relation to the financial reporting process.
(continued)
The Board is responsible for assessing the risk of irregularities whether caused by fraud or error in financial reporting and ensuring
the processes are in place for the timely identification of internal and external matters with a potential effect on financial reporting.
The Board has also put in place processes to identify changes in accounting rules and recommendations and to ensure that these
changes are accurately reflected in the Company’s Annual Accounts. 
The Board evaluates and discusses significant accounting and reporting issues as the need arises. From time to time the Board also
examines and evaluates the external auditors’ performance, qualifications and independence. The Administrator has operating
responsibility for internal control in relation to the financial reporting process and the Administrator’s report to the Board.
The Board has established processes regarding internal control and risk management systems to ensure its effective oversight of the
financial reporting process. These include appointing the Administrator, Vistra (Luxembourg) S.à r.l., to maintain the accounting
records of the Company independently of the Arranger and the Custodian. The Administrator is contractually obliged to maintain
proper books and records as required by the Corporate Administration agreement. To that end the Administrator performs
reconciliations of its records to those of the Arranger and the Custodian. The Administrator is also contractually obliged to prepare
for review and approval by the Board the Annual Accounts intended to give a true and fair view.
No person has a significant direct or indirect holding of securities in the Company. No person has any special rights of control over
the Company’s share capital.  
With regard to the appointment and replacement of Directors, the Company is governed by its Articles of Association, the amended
Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, and the Listing Rules of the Irish Stock Exchange. The Articles of
Association themselves may be amended by special resolution of the shareholders. 
F-49

--- Page 313 ---
F-50

--- Page 314 ---
Page 8
  Annual Accounts Helpdesk :
RCSL Nr. :  B 116 975
Matricule : 2006 2214 261
  Tel. : (+352) 247 88 494
  Email : centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
BALANCE SHEET
Financial year from   01
to  02
(in    03     EUR
)
Steel Capital S.A. 
14, rue Edward Steichen 
L-2540 Luxembourg
ASSETS
A. Subscribed capital unpaid
101
102
I.
Subscribed capital not called
103
104
II.
Subscribed capital called but unpaid
105
106
 B. Formation expenses
107
108
 C. Fixed assets
109
110
I.
Intangible assets
111
112
1.
Costs of development
113
114
115
116
117
118
b) created by the undertaking itself
119
120
3.
Goodwill, to the extent that it was acquired for
valuable consideration
121
122
123
124
II.
Tangible assets
125
126
1.
Land and buildings
127
128
2.
Plant and machinery
129
130
3.
Other fixtures and fittings, tools and equipment
131
132
133
134
III.
Financial assets
135
136
1.
Shares in affiliated undertakings
137
138
2.
Loans to affiliated undertakings
139
140
3.
Participating interests
141
142
143
144
145
146
6.
Other loans
(3)
147
148
989,073,920
 
Current year
Previous year
5.
Investments held as fixed assets
Reference(s)
4.
Payments on account and tangible 
assets in the course of construction
2.
Concessions, patents, licences, trade 
marks and similar rights and assets, if they were 
a)
acquired for valuable consideration and need
not be shown under C.I.3
4.
Loans to undertakings with which the
undertaking is linked by virtue of participating interests
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
989,073,920
 
1,724,902,725
 
4.
Payments on account and intangible assets 
under development
31 December 2019
1,724,902,725
 
989,073,920
 
1,724,902,725
 
1 January 2019
F-51

--- Page 315 ---
Page 9
Reference(s)
  D.  Current assets
151
152
       I.     Stocks
153
154
              1.     Raw materials and consumables
155
156
              2.     Work in progress                   
157
158
              3.     Finished goods and goods for resale
159
160
              4.     Payments on account
161
162
      II.   Debtors
163
164
            1.      Trade debtors
165
166
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
167
168
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
169
170
            2.     Amounts owed by affiliated undertakings                   
171
172
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
173
174
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
175
176
           3.     Amounts owed by undertakings with which the undertaking is linked by
                   virtue of participating interests
177
178
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
179
180
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
181
182
            4.     Other debtors
183
184
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
(4)
185
186
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
187
188
     III.   Investments
189
190
           1.      Shares in affiliated undertakings 
191
192
           2.      Own shares
209
210
           3.      Other investments
195
196
     IV.    Cash at bank and in hand
(5)
197
198
  E.   Prepayments 
199
200
201
202
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
36,470
                           
38,563
                              
600
                                
401
                                   
TOTAL (ASSETS)
1,744,835,319
              
1,002,032,473
                 
19,895,524
                   
12,919,589
                      
19,895,524
                   
12,919,589
                      
19,895,524
                   
12,919,589
                      
19,931,994
                   
12,958,152
                      
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule :  2006 2214 261
Current year
Previous year
F-52

--- Page 316 ---
Page 10
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
  A. Capital and reserves
301
195,521
                             
302
31,000
                                     
       I.     Subscribed capital
(6)
303
31,000
                               
304
31,000
                                     
       II.    Share premium account
305
306
       III.   Revaluation reserve
307
308
       IV.   Reserves
309
310
            1.    Legal reserve
311
312
            2.    Reserve for own shares
313
314
            3.    Reserves provided for by the articles of association
315
316
            4.    Other reserves, including the fair value reserve
429
430
                 a)   other available reserves
431
432
                 b)   other non available reserves
433
434
       V.     Profit or loss brought forward
319
320
       VI.    Profit or loss for the financial year
321
164,521
                             
322
-
                                                
       VII.   Interim dividends
323
324
       VIII.  Capital investment subsidies
325
326
B. Provisions
331
23,044
                               
332
19,760
                                     
           1.    Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
333
334
           2.    Provisions for taxation
335
336
           3.    Other provisions
(7)
337
23,044
                               
338
19,760
                                     
 C. Creditors
435
1,744,616,754
                  
436
1,001,981,713
                        
          1.     Debenture loans
437
1,744,230,357
                  
438
1,001,563,413
                        
                 a)   Convertible loans
439
440
                       i)     becoming due and payable within one year
441
442
                      ii)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
443
444
                b)    Non convertible loans
(8)
445
1,744,229,496
                  
446
1,001,563,413
                        
                       i)     becoming due and payable within one year
447
19,326,771
                        
448
12,489,493
                              
                      ii)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
449
1,724,902,725
                  
450
989,073,920
                           
          2.     Amounts owed to credit institutions
355
861
                                     
356
-
                                                
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
(9)
357
861
                                     
358
-
                                                
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
359
360
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule : 2006 2214 261
CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
F-53

--- Page 317 ---
Page 11
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
          3.     Payments received on account of orders in so far as they are 
                  shown separately as deductions from stocks
361
362
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
363
364
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
365
366
         4.      Trade creditors
367
368
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
369
370
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
371
372
        5.       Bills of exchange payable    
373
374
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
375
376
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
377
378
        6.       Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings
379
380
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
381
382
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
383
384
        7.       Amounts owed to undertakings with which the undertaking
                  is linked by virtue of participating interests
385
386
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
387
388
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
389
390
        8.       Other creditors
(10)
451
386,397
                               
452
418,300
                                 
                       a)     Tax authorities
393
326,149
                               
394
352,386
                                 
                       b)     Social security authorities
395
396
                       c)     Other creditors
397
60,248
                                 
398
65,914
                                   
                                  i)     becoming due and payable within one year
399
60,248
                                 
400
65,914
                                   
                                 ii)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
401
402
D.   Deferred income
403
404
TOTAL (CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES)
405
1,744,835,319
                    
406
1,002,032,473
                      
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule :  2006 2214 261
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
F-54

--- Page 318 ---
Page 12
  Annual Accounts Helpdesk :
  Tel. : (+352) 247 88 494
  Email : centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
Financial year from   01
 to  02
(in  03
EUR
)
References
     1.  Net turnover
701
702
     2.  Variation in stocks of finished goods and in work in progress
703
704
705
706
    4.  Other operating income
(11)
713
714
          
671
672
          a)     Raw materials and consumables
601
602
          b)     Other external expenses
603
604
     6.  Staff costs
605
606
          a)    Wages and salaries 
607
608
          b)    Social security costs
609
610
                    i)    relating to pensions
653
654
                    ii)    other social security costs
655
656
         c)    Other staff costs
613
614
     7.  Value adjustments
657
658
          a)    in respect of formation expenses and of tangible and intangible fixed assets
659
660
          b)    in respect of current assets
661
662
     8.  Other operating expenses
(12)
621
622
    9.  Income from participating interests
715
716
          a)     derived from affiliated undertakings
717
718
          b)     other income from participating interests
719
720
721
722
         a)      derived from affiliated undertakings
723
724
725
726
     11.  Other interest receivable and similar income
727
728
         a)      derived from affiliated undertakings
729
730
(13)
731
732
     12.  Share of profit or loss of undertakings accounted for under the equity method
663
664
            held as current assets
665
666
     14.  Interest payable and similar expenses
627
628
         a)      concerning affiliated undertakings
629
630
(14)
631
632
     15.  Tax on profit or loss
(15)
635
636
     16.  Profit or loss after taxation
667
668
     17.  Other taxes not shown under items 1 to 16
(15)
637
638
 
     18.  Profit or loss for the financial year
669
670
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
57,356,172
                   
52,237,955
                      
52,237,955
                      
(155)
(797)
164,521
- 
         b)      other interest and similar expenses
(57,355,979)
(52,237,663)
(206,061)
(398,152)
164,676
797
(57,355,979)
(52,237,663)
         b)      other interest and similar income
57,356,172
                   
     13.  Value adjustments in respect of financial assets and of investments 
         b)      other income not included under a)
 
 
   10.   Income from other investments and loans forming part of the fixed assets
 
 
 
 
(3,656,021)
(100,239)
 
 
    5.  Raw materials and consumables and other external expenses
     3.  Work performed by the undertaking for its own purposes and capitalised
4,026,565
                     
498,896
                           
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
          
Current year
Previous year
1 January 2019
31 December 2019
Steel Capital S.A. 
14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule : 2006 2214 261
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
F-55

--- Page 319 ---
Page 13
Note 1 - General information
Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies
Note 2.1 - Basis of preparation
Note 2.2 - Significant accounting policies
Note 2.2.1 - Financial assets
Historical cost model
Valuation at purchase price
Other loans are valued at nominal value including the expenses incidental thereto.
In the case of durable depreciation in value according to the opinion of the Board of Directors, value adjustments are made in respect
of fixed assets, so that they are valued at the lower figure to be attributed to them at the Balance Sheet date. These value adjustments
are not continued if the reasons for which the value adjustments were made have ceased to apply.
Steel Capital S.A.
The Company may carry out any transaction, whether commercial or financial, which are directly or indirectly connected with its
corporate object at the exclusion of any banking activity. In general, the Company may carry out any operation which it may deem
useful or necessary in the accomplishment and the development of its corporate purpose.
The Company's financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December of each year.
Steel Capital S.A. is a Luxembourg Company incorporated on 11 May 2006, for an unlimited duration, as a «société anonyme» and is
subject to the Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as subsequently amended.
The Company shall have as its business purpose the issue of loan participation notes for the purpose of financing loans to Open Joint
Stock Company Severstal and to its affiliated companies, the granting of security interests over its assets in relation to the issuance of
the loan participation notes and the making of deposits at banks or with other depositaries.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
The Annual Accounts have been prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements under the historical cost
convention.
The Company makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the next financial year.
Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The preparation of Annual Accounts requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires the Board of Directors to
exercise their judgement in the process of applying the accounting policies. Changes in assumptions may have a significant impact on
the Annual Accounts in the year in which the assumptions changed. The Directors believe that the underlying assumptions are
appropriate and that the Annual Accounts therefore present the financial position and results fairly.
The registered office of the Company is 14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg.
The main valuation rules applied by the Company are the following:
F-56

--- Page 320 ---
Page 14
Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2 - Significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2.2 - Debtors
Note 2.2.3 - Cash at bank and in hand
Note 2.2.4 - Prepayments
Note 2.2.5 - Provisions
Note 2.2.6 - Creditors
Note 2.2.7 -  Foreign currency translation
Cash at bank and in hand is translated at the exchange rate effective at the Balance Sheet date. Exchange losses and gains are recorded
in the Profit and Loss Account of the year.
Debtors are valued at their nominal value. They are subject to value adjustments where their recoverability is compromised. These
value adjustments are not continued if the reasons for which the value adjustments were made have ceased to apply.
(continued)
Transactions expressed in currencies other than EUR are translated into EUR at the exchange rate effective at the time of the
transaction.
This asset item includes expenditures incurred during the financial year but relating to a subsequent financial year.
Provisions are intended to cover losses or debts, the nature of which is clearly defined and which, at the date of the Balance Sheet, are
either likely to be incurred or certain to be incurred but uncertain as to their amount on the date on which they will arise.
Provisions may also be created to cover charges which originate in the financial year under review or have in a previous financial year,
the nature of which is clearly defined and which at the date of the Balance Sheet are either likely to be incurred or certain to be
incurred but uncertain as to their amount or the date on which they will arise.
The provisions for taxation are tax liabilities estimated by the Company for the financial year which have not been yet assessed by the
Luxembourg tax Administration are disclosed in the Balance Sheet under the caption "Tax authorities" under "Other creditors". The tax
advance payments are disclosed in the assets of the Balance Sheet under the caption “Other debtors”.
Creditors are recorded at their reimbursement value. 
Cash at bank and in hand comprises cash in hand, cash at bank and deposits held at call with banks. In the Balance Sheet, bank
overdrafts are included in Creditors under Amounts owed to credit institutions.
Tax provisions
The presentation currency of the Company is EUR.
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
F-57

--- Page 321 ---
Page 15
Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2 - Significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2.7 -  Foreign currency translation (continued )
Note 2.2.8 - Interest income and expenses
Note 3 - Other loans
Loans to PAO Severstal:
Loan
CCY
Outstanding 
amount
Interest
rate
Maturity
date
Balance as at 
1-Jan-2019
Movement 
during the 
year
Foreign 
currency 
revaluation
Balance as at 
31-Dec-2019
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Loan 5
USD
634,051,000
5.90%
17-Oct-2022
552,993,920
- 
12,490,805
565,484,725
Loan 9
USD
500,000,000
3.85% 27-Aug-2021
436,080,000
- 
9,850,000
445,930,000
Loan_Series 6
USD
800,000,000
3.15%
16-Sep-2024
- 
727,160,000
(13,672,000)
713,488,000
989,073,920
727,160,000
8,668,805
1,724,902,725
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
Maturity Analysis:
EUR
EUR
After more than one year
1,724,902,725
   
989,073,920
    
The loan bears interest at 3.15% annually. Interest is received semi-annually on 16 March and 16 September starting from
16^March^2020. The maturity date is set on 16 September 2024.
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
Other interest receivable and similar income are recorded on an accrual basis in the Profit and Loss Account.
Other loans, in the amount of EUR 1,724,902,725, are comprised as follows:
The proceeds further to the issuance of the Notes under Serie 6 has been used to finance the loan granted to PAO Severstal. As per the
Loan agreement dated 12 September 2019, the Company granted a loan of USD 800,000,000 (Loan_Series 6) to PAO Severstal on
16^September 2019 further to the issuance of Serie 6.
(continued)
Where there is an economic link between an asset and a liability, these are valued in total using year end exchange rate and the net
unrealised results are recorded in the Profit and Loss Account.
Other assets and liabilities are translated separately respectively at the lower or at the higher of the value converted at the historical
exchange rate or the value determined on the basis of the exchange rates effective at the Balance Sheet date. The unrealised exchange
losses are recorded in the Profit and Loss Account. The exchange gains are recorded in the Profit and Loss Account at the moment of
their realisation.
F-58

--- Page 322 ---
Page 16
Note 4 - Other debtors
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
 
EUR
EUR
Other debtors, in the amount of EUR 19,895,524, are comprised as follows:
Interest receivable on loans
19,326,771
12,489,493
Excess Tax advance 2014
- 
31,899
Tax advance 2018
223,665
228,296
Tax advance 2019
297,219
- 
VAT receivable
44,182
23,892
Arrangement fees receivable*
3,687
146,009
19,895,524
12,919,589
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
 
EUR
EUR
Citibank Europe PLC - EUR
36,470
              
-
                        
Cash account with Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. - EUR
-
                        
38,511
              
Cash account with Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. - USD
-
                        
52
                     
36,470
              
38,563
The carrying value of the capital and reserves is comprised as follows:
Subscribed 
capital
Legal 
reserve
Profit or loss 
brought 
forward
Profit or loss 
for the 
financial year
Total
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Balance as at 1 January 2019
31,000
       
-
           
-
                    
-
                        
31,000
              
Profit for the financial year
-
                 
-
           
-
                    
164,521
            
164,521
            
Balance as at 31 December 2019
31,000
       
-
           
-
                    
164,521
            
195,521
            
The subscribed capital of the Company consists of 310 shares with a par value of EUR 100 each (EUR 31,000). As at
31^December^2019, 310 shares were issued and fully paid. 
Note 6 - Capital and reserves
Steel Capital S.A.
Cash at bank and in hand, in the amount of EUR 36,470, are comprised as follows:
Note 5 - Cash at bank and in hand
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
*In consideration of the Company agreeing to make Loans to PAO Severstal, the latter shall pay on demand to the Lender as and when 
such amounts are due an amount equal to all ongoing fees and costs in accordance with the Loan arrangement fee of the amended and
restated Facility Agreement dated 3 September 2019. As per the Services Agreement dated 8 May 2020, PAO Severstal shall pay the
Company a service fee of 4.5% of the annual operating costs incurred by the Company in connection of rendering its services
excluding costs incurred upon issuance of Notes. As at 31 December 2019, the arrangement income receivable from PAO Severstal
comprises of the service fee in sum of EUR 4,857 and the arrangement expense payable of EUR 1,170.
(continued)
F-59

--- Page 323 ---
Page 17
Note 6 - Capital and reserves (continued)
Legal reserve
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
Audit fees
11,275
10,000
Tax advisory fees
7,310
9,760
Trustee fees
4,459
- 
23,044
19,760
Note 8 - Non-convertible loans
Notes
CCY
Outstanding 
amount
Interest
rate
Maturity
date
Balance as at 
1-Jan-2019
Movement 
during the year
Foreign 
currency 
revaluation
Balance as at 
31-Dec-2019
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Notes 5
USD
634,051,000
5.90%
17-Oct-2022
552,993,920
- 
12,490,805
565,484,725
Notes 9
USD
500,000,000
3.85%
27-Aug-2021
436,080,000
- 
9,850,000
445,930,000
Series 6
USD
800,000,000
3.15%
16-Sep-2024
- 
727,160,000
(13,672,000)
713,488,000
989,073,920
727,160,000
     
8,668,805
          
1,724,902,725
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
becoming due and payable within one year
Interest payable on Notes
19,326,771
12,489,493
becoming due and payable after more than one year
Principal amount
1,724,902,725
989,073,920
Total Non-Convertible loans
1,744,229,496
1,001,563,413
The maturity date of the Notes is set on 16 September 2024.
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
The Notes bears interest at a rate of 3.15% per annum which is payable semi-annually on 16 March and 16 September starting from
16^March 2020. 
Pursuant to the Subscription agreement dated 12 September 2019, the Company issued Loan Participation Notes under Series 6 in the
amount of USD 800,000,000 on 16^September 2019 to finance a loan granted to PAO Severstal.
Non-convertible loans issued, in the amount of EUR 1,744,229,496, are comprised of Loan Participation Notes (the ''Notes'') as
follows:
(continued)
Note 7 - Other provisions
Other provisions, in the amount of EUR 23,044, are comprised as follows:
In accordance with Luxembourg Company Law, the Company is required to transfer a minimum of 5% of its net profit for each
financial year to a legal reserve. This requirement ceases to be necessary once the balance on the legal reserve reaches 10% of the issued
share capital. The legal reserve is not available for distribution to the shareholders.  
F-60

--- Page 324 ---
Page 18
Note 9 - Amounts owed to credit institutions
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
Amounts owed to credit institutions,  in the amount of EUR 861, is comprised as follows:
Citibank Europe PLC - USD
861
- 
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
Tax authorities
Corporate tax - 2017
-
                        
195,098
            
Corporate tax - 2018
284,383
            
157,288
            
Corporate tax - 2019
41,766
              
-
                        
326,149
352,386
Other creditors
Tax advisory fees
19,510
              
4,259
                
Administration fees
11,250
              
10,238
              
Professional fees
9,810
                
-
                        
VAT payable
8,894
                
-
                        
Trustee fees
4,459
                
45,580
              
Accountancy fees
3,500
                
4,095
                
Management fees
2,650
                
-
                        
Other costs
175
                   
205
                   
Annual filing fees
-
                        
1,538
                
60,248
65,914
Total other creditors
386,397
418,300
Year ended
Year ended
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
Recharge of ongoing fees and expenses*
4,021,708
         
498,896
            
Service fee*
4,857
                
-
                        
4,026,565
498,896
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
(continued)
Other creditors, in the amount of EUR 386,397, are comprised as follows:
Note 10 - Other creditors
Note 11 - Other operating income
Other operating income, in the amount of EUR 4,026,565, is comprised as follows:
*In consideration of the Company agreeing to make Loans to PAO Severstal, the latter shall pay on demand to the Lender as and when
such amounts are due an amount equal to all ongoing fees and costs in accordance with the Loan arrangement fee of the amended and
restated Facility Agreement dated 3 September 2019. As per the Services Agreement dated 8 May 2020, PAO Severstal shall pay the
Company a service fee of 4.5% of the annual operating costs incurred by the Company in connection of rendering its services
excluding costs incurred upon issuance of Notes. 
F-61

--- Page 325 ---
Page 19
Year ended
Year ended
Note 12 - Other operating expenses
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
Other operating expenses, in the amount of EUR 3,656,021, are comprised as follows:
Professional fees
3,571,359
         
-
                        
Tax advisory fees
21,470
              
6,700
                
Administration fees
20,079
              
19,969
              
Audit fees
12,550
              
13,169
              
Trustee fees
9,158
                
45,765
              
Accountancy fees
7,000
                
7,000
                
Bank charges
6,170
                
-
                        
Listing fees
2,801
                
2,000
                
Management fees
2,650
                
2,650
                
Annual filing fees
2,203
                
1,538
                
Other costs
581
                   
350
                   
Reversal of overaccrual of VAT
-
                        
1,098
                
3,656,021
100,239
Year ended
Year ended
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
Interest receivable on Loans
57,355,979
       
52,237,663
       
Currency result
193
                   
292
                   
57,356,172
       
52,237,955
       
Year ended
Year ended
Note 14 -  Interest payable and similar expenses
31-Dec-2019
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
Interest payable on Notes
57,355,979
52,237,663
       
Note 15 -Taxation
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
The Company is subject to the general tax regulations to all commercial companies in Luxembourg.
Other interest and similar expenses, in the amount of EUR 57,355,979, is comprised as
follows:
Note 13 - Other interest receivable and similar income
Other interest and similar income, in the amount of EUR 57,356,172, are comprised as 
follows:
(continued)
F-62

--- Page 326 ---
Page 20
Note 16 - Personnel
Note 17 - Advances, emoluments and loans granted to members of the administrative, managerial and supervisory bodies
Note 18 - Subsequent events
(continued)
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2019
During the year under review, the Company did not employ any personnel and, consequently, no payments for wages, salaries or social
securities were made.
Note 19 - Off-Balance Sheet commitments
The Company has no Off-Balance Sheet commitments as at 31 December 2019.
No advances, emoluments and loans, were granted to the Board of Directors and any other bodies during the year ended
31^December^2019.
In the first months of 2020, a pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) spread around the world, leading to numerous cases
and casualties and causing an economic instability. At the date of approval of these annual accounts, the Board of Directors has
assessed the potential economic and financial impacts of the pandemic, and does not see any significant impact on the Company.
There were no significant events since 31 December 2019, which could influence the presentation of the current Annual Accounts.
F-63

--- Page 327 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443, L-1014 Luxembourg 
T : +352 494848 1, F : +352 494848 2900, www.pwc.lu 
 
Cabinet de révision agréé. Expert-comptable (autorisation gouvernementale n°10028256) 
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 65 477 - TVA LU25482518 
Audit report 
To the Board of Directors of 
Steel Capital S.A. 
Report on the audit of the annual accounts 
Our opinion 
In our opinion, the accompanying annual accounts give a true and fair view of the financial position of 
Steel Capital S.A. (the “Company”) as at 31 December 2019, and of the results of its operations for the 
year then ended in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the 
preparation and presentation of the annual accounts. 
What we have audited 
The Company’s annual accounts comprise: 
• the balance sheet as at 31 December 2019; 
• the profit and loss account for the year then ended; and 
• the notes to the annual accounts, which include a summary of significant accounting policies. 
Basis for opinion  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 
on the audit profession (Law of 23 July 2016) and with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as 
adopted for Luxembourg by the “Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier” (CSSF). Our 
responsibilities under the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and ISAs as adopted 
for Luxembourg by the CSSF are further described in the “Responsibilities of the “Réviseur d’entreprises 
agréé” for the audit of the annual accounts” section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA Code) as adopted for Luxembourg 
by the CSSF together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the annual accounts. 
We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities under those ethical requirements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that we have not provided non-audit services that 
are prohibited under Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation No 537/2014. 
 
 
F-64

--- Page 328 ---
22 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the annual accounts of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our 
audit of the annual accounts as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the Key audit matter 
Valuation of the financial assets 
Refer to the accounting policies “2.2.1 - 
Financial assets" and "Note 3 - Other Loans". 
Financial assets disclosed under “Note 3 - 
Other Loans” are comprised of loans to 
PAO 
Severstal 
and 
amount 
to 
1,724,902,725EUR in the annual accounts as 
at 31 December 2019. Other Loans are valued 
at purchase price corresponding to the 
nominal value, less impairment in case of 
durable depreciation in value according to the 
opinion of the Board of Directors.  
The 
appropriateness 
of 
provisions 
for 
impairments on Other Loans is a key area of 
judgment for the Board of Directors. The 
identification 
of 
impairment 
and 
the 
determination of the recoverable amount are 
inherently uncertain processes involving the 
use of estimates, various assumptions and 
factors including the financial solvability of the 
borrower. 
For a full description of the valuation policy 
applied to the financial assets, we refer to the 
description included in the notes to the annual 
accounts.  
We consider the valuation of the financial 
assets as key audit matter, given the 
magnitude of these positions and the degree 
of judgment included in the estimation 
performed by the Board of Directors. 
If the estimates or assumptions used should 
significantly change, the resulting differences 
could materially affect the valuation of the 
financial assets. 
Our audit procedures to cover the valuation of Other 
Loans included:  
•
understanding of the impairment assessment
performed by the Board of Directors. We assessed
the appropriateness of the judgment and estimates
used in the impairment analysis by reconciling the
data used to the audited financial information of PAO
Severstal;
•
analysing the supporting documents (included but
not limited to most recent available financial
information of PAO Severstal, economic factors
influencing the respective country/industry of PAO
Severstal, its credit ratings); and
•
recalculating all interest amounts and verifying that
the interest payments are made regularly and there
is no indication of delays or default, payments of
interests are verified up to the date of this report.
We finally assessed the adequacy of the disclosures in 
the annual accounts. 
F-65

--- Page 329 ---
23 
Other information 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
information stated in the directors' report and the Corporate Governance Statement but does not include 
the annual accounts and our audit report thereon. 
Our opinion on the annual accounts does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the annual accounts, our responsibility is to read the other information 
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the annual accounts or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the annual accounts 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the annual accounts in 
accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and 
presentation of the annual accounts, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines 
is necessary to enable the preparation of annual accounts that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the annual accounts, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Responsibilities of the “Réviseur d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the annual accounts 
The objectives of our audit are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the annual accounts as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an audit report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 
and with ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these annual accounts. 
As part of an audit in accordance with the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and 
with ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
•
identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the annual accounts, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
F-66

--- Page 330 ---
24 
•
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control;
•
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by the Board of Directors;
•
conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related
to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
our audit report to the related disclosures in the annual accounts or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
the date of our audit report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease
to continue as a going concern;
•
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the annual accounts, including the
disclosures, and whether the annual accounts represent the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate to them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the annual accounts of the current period and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our audit report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter. 
F-67

--- Page 331 ---
25 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
The directors' report is consistent with the annual accounts and has been prepared in accordance with 
applicable legal requirements. 
The Corporate Governance Statement is included in the directors' report. The information required by 
Article 68ter Paragraph (1) Letters c) and d) of the Law of 19 December 2002 on the commercial and 
companies register and on the accounting records and annual accounts of undertakings, as amended, 
is consistent with the annual accounts and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal 
requirements. 
We have been appointed as “Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé” of the Company by the Board of Directors 
on 3 May 2019 and the duration of our uninterrupted engagement, including previous renewals and 
reappointments, is 6 years. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
Represented by 
Holger von Keutz 
Luxembourg, 12 May 2020 
F-68

--- Page 332 ---
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
Registered office: 
14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
F-69

--- Page 333 ---
Index
Page(s)
Directors and Other Information
1 - 2
Directors' Report
3 - 7
Balance Sheet
8 - 11
Profit and Loss Account
12
Notes to the Annual Accounts
13 - 20
Audit Report
21 - 25
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Steel Capital S.A.
F-70

--- Page 334 ---
Page 1
Directors and Other Information
Directors
Tarvesh Kumar Panchoo (as from 11 April 2019)
Laura Schlag (as from 11 April 2019)
Agnieszka Szczepankiewicz (as from 10 January 2019)
Elchin Balajayev (as from 15 August 2018 until 10 January 2019)
Graeme Jenkins (until 31 August 2018)
Ingrida Lunyte ( until 31 August 2018)
Kailash Ramassur (until 15 August 2018)
Corporate Administrator (until 15 July 2018)
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer
L-1115 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Corporate Administrator (as from 15 July 2018)
Vistra (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. 
14, rue Edward Steichen,
L-2540 Luxembourg
 Principal Banker
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer
L-1115 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Lead Manager
Citibank Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
33, Canada Sqaure
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
Joint Lead Managers
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
33, Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
J.P. Morgan Securities PLC
25, Bank Street
Canary Wharf
London E14 5Jp
United Kingdom
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Eric-Jan Van de Laar (as from 31 August 2018 until 
10 April 2019)
Beata Wlodarczak-Mantione (as from 31 August 2018 until 
10 April 2019)
F-71

--- Page 335 ---
Page 2
Directors and Other Information (Continued)
Principal Paying Agent and Trustee
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre
33, Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
Trustee
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre
33, Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative
 L-1014 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
2, rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443
F-72

--- Page 336 ---
Page 3
The Directors present their Report and the Annual Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2018.
1. ACTIVITIES AND REVIEW OF THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS
2. BUSINESS REVIEW
During the year:
As at 31 December 2018:
- The Company had the following Notes in issue:
(i)
USD 634,051,000 5.90% Loan Participation Notes due on 2022 (EUR 552,993,920)
(ii)
USD 500,000,000 3.85% Loan Participation Notes due on 2021 (EUR 436,080,000)
3. FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS
The Company's principal activity is to issue loan participation notes (the ''Notes'') for the purpose of financing loans to Open
Joint Stock Company Severstal (the ''Loans'') and to its affiliated companies (together referred to as PAO Severstal).
The Directors expect the present level of activity to be sustained for the foreseeable future.
Steel Capital S.A. is a Luxembourg Company incorporated on 11 May 2006, for an unlimited duration, as a «société anonyme» 
and is subject to the Luxembourg law of 10 August 10, 1915 on commercial companies, as subsequently amended.
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
Capital: EUR 31,000.--
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2018
- The Company made no profit or loss (2017: EUR NIL);
- There were no credit events that affected the Company.
The Company has been performing in line with the agreements and all loans servicing for the interest payments were done on a
timely basis, the corresponding payments to Notesholders were also made.
As at 31 December 2018, the Company had 2 active Series in issue. 
- The Company's net equity was EUR 31,000 (2017: EUR 31,000);
- The Company's total indebtedness was EUR 1,002,001,473 (2017: EUR 1,419,370,414);
On 19 March 2018, the Loan Participation Notes due 2018 of USD 548,620,000 4.45% matured on the scheduled date and the 
corresponding loan were fully repaid.
During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company did not exercise any research and development activity, neither have a 
branch nor acquire its own shares.
F-73

--- Page 337 ---
Page 4
4. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
(i)
Credit risk
(ii) Liquidity risk
(iii) Market risk
Credit risk is the risk of the financial loss to the Company if a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual
obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s credit linked assets. The Company’s principal financial assets are other
loans, cash at bank and in hand, and other debtors which represent the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to
the Notes issued.
The Company has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments and does not have any externally imposed
capital requirements.
The Loans provided involve a degree of risk arising from fluctuations in the amount and timing of receipt of the principal and
interest on the loan and the amounts payable to the Noteholders. The risk of default on the assets is borne by the Noteholders as
the Notes are issued on a limited recourse basis. Therefore, the Company is not obliged to pay any additional amount to the
Noteholders other than the amount receivable on the loans.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulties in meeting obligations arising from its financial liabilities
as they fall due.
The Company’s obligation to the Noteholders is limited to the net proceeds upon realisation of the loan towards PAO Severstal.
Should the net proceeds be insufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes, the other assets of the Company will
not be available for payment and the deficit is instead borne by the Noteholders.
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
Capital: EUR 31,000.--
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2018
The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company relate to Other loans and other assets held for risk management
purposes.  
(continued)
The Company does not face major liquidity risk since it is obliged to make payments to the Noteholders in an amount and
currency equal to the amount and currency actually received from the Company. Liquidity risk is also limited since in
consideration of the Company agreeing to make Loans to PAO Severstal, the latter shall pay on demand to the Lender as and
when such amounts are due an amount equal to all ongoing fees and costs in accordance with the Loan arrangement fee of the
Facility Agreement 15 March 2013.
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Company’s income
or its value of its holdings of financial instruments. Market risk embodies the potential for both gains and losses and includes
interest rate risk, currency risk and price risk.
F-74

--- Page 338 ---
Page 5
4. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (Continued)
(iii) Market risk (continued)
(a)
Interest rate risk
(b)
Currency risk
(c)
Price risk
5. RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
6. DIRECTORS AND THEIR INTERESTS
The Company does not face any major currency risk since all the Notes issued by the Company are held in the same currency as
the investment in the Loans. In this case any fluctuation in foreign exchange rates will be offset by each other, therefore, the
Company bears limited currency risk.  
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
Capital: EUR 31,000.--
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2018
(continued)
Any default towards the interest receivable on the Loans will be borne by the Noteholders as the Notes are issued on a limited
recourse basis.
The Directors who held office on 31 December 2018 did not hold any shares in the Company or in any group company at that
date, or during the year. There were no contracts of any significance in relation to the business of the Company in which the
Directors had any interest at any time during the year.
Price risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices, whether caused
by factors specific to an individual investment, its issuer or all factors affecting all instruments traded in the market. The
Company does not consider price risk to be a significant risk to the Company as any fluctuation in the value of loans held by the
Company will be borne by the Noteholders.
Interest rate risk is the risk that the Company does not receive adequate interest from the Loan to secure interest payments on the
Notes. The Company is not exposed to any interest risk since both the Loans and Note bears the same terms and conditions.
The results for the year are set out on page 12. The Company did not make any profit or loss during the year (2017:NIL).
Currency risk is the risk which arises due to the assets and liabilities of the Company held in foreign currencies, which will be
affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company limits its exposure to currency risk by operating bank accounts
in currencies other than its presentation currency for receipts and payments in currencies other than its presentation currencies.
The Company is exposed to movement in exchange rates between Euro (EUR), its presentation currency, and certain foreign
currencies namely US Dollar (''USD'').
F-75

--- Page 339 ---
Page 6
7. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
Financial Reporting Process 
Risk Assessment
Control Activities
Monitoring
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
Capital: EUR 31,000.--
(the "Company")
Directors' Report 
for the year ended 31 December 2018
The Board has an annual process to ensure that appropriate measures are taken to consider and address the shortcomings
identified and measures recommended by the independent auditors.
The Administrator is contractually obliged to design and maintain control structures to manage the risks which are significant for
internal control over financial reporting. These control structures include appropriate division of responsibilities and specific
control activities aimed at detecting or preventing the risk of significant deficiencies in financial reporting for every significant
account in the Annual Accounts and the related notes in the Company’s accounts.
(continued)
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control and risk
management systems of the Company in relation to the financial reporting process. Such systems are designed to manage rather
than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the Company’s financial reporting objectives and can only provide reasonable and not
absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
The Company is subject to and complies with the amended law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies and the Listing
Rules of the Irish Stock exchange. The Company does not apply additional requirements in addition to those required by the
above.  Each of the service providers engaged by the Company is subject to their own corporate governance requirements.
The Board is responsible for assessing the risk of irregularities whether caused by fraud or error in financial reporting and
ensuring the processes are in place for the timely identification of internal and external matters with a potential effect on financial
reporting. The Board has also put in place processes to identify changes in accounting rules and recommendations and to ensure
that these changes are accurately reflected in the Company’s Annual Accounts. 
The Board evaluates and discusses significant accounting and reporting issues as the need arises. From time to time the Board
also examines and evaluates the external auditors’ performance, qualifications and independence. The Administrator has
operating responsibility for internal control in relation to the financial reporting process and the Administrator’s report to the
Board.
The Board has established processes regarding internal control and risk management systems to ensure its effective oversight of
the financial reporting process. These include appointing the Administrator, Vistra (Luxembourg) S.à r.l., to maintain the
accounting records of the Company independently of the Arranger and the Custodian. The Administrator is contractually obliged
to maintain proper books and records as required by the Corporate Administration agreement. To that end the Administrator
performs reconciliations of its records to those of the Arranger and the Custodian. The Administrator is also contractually obliged
to prepare for review and approval by the Board the Annual Accounts intended to give a true and fair view.
F-76

--- Page 340 ---
F-77

--- Page 341 ---
Page 8
  Annual Accounts Helpdesk :
RCSL Nr. :  B 116 975
Matricule : 2006 2214 261
  Tel. : (+352) 247 88 494
  Email : centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
BALANCE SHEET
to  02
(in    03     EUR
)
Steel Capital S.A. 
14, rue Edward Steichen 
L-2540 Luxembourg
ASSETS
  A.  Subscribed capital unpaid
101
102
       I.    Subscribed capital not called
103
104
      II.    Subscribed capital called but not paid
105
106
 B.  Formation expenses
107
108
 C.  Fixed assets
109
110
     I.     Intangible assets
111
112
           1.    Costs of development
113
114
           2.    Concessions, patents, licences, trade marks                   
                  and similar rights and assets, if they were     
115
116
                  a)    acquired for valuable consideration and need not be shown under C.I.3
117
118
                  b)   created by the undertaking itself
119
120
           3.    Goodwill, to the extent that it was acquired for 
                   valuable consideration
121
122
123
124
    II.     Tangible assets
125
126
           1.    Land and buildings
127
128
           2.    Plant and machinery
129
130
           3.    Other fixtures and fittings, tools and equipment
131
132
           4.    Payments on account and tangible 
                  assets in the course of construction
133
134
   III.     Financial assets
135
136
          1.    Shares in affiliated undertakings
137
138
          2.    Loans to affiliated undertakings
139
140
          3.    Participating interests
141
142
143
144
145
146
          6.    Other loans
(3)
147
148
Current year
Previous year
 
 
1,400,825,008
                
 
 
1,400,825,008
                
 
989,073,920
                        
          4.    Loans to undertakings with which the
                  undertaking is linked by virtue of participating interests
          5.    Investments held as fixed assets
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
31 December 2018
989,073,920
                        
1,400,825,008
                
 
989,073,920
                        
Financial year from     01 1 January 2018
Reference(s)
           4.     Payments on account and intangible assets 
                   under development
F-78

--- Page 342 ---
Page 9
Reference(s)
  D.  Current assets
151
152
       I.     Stocks
153
154
              1.     Raw materials and consumables
155
156
              2.     Work in progress
157
158
              3.     Finished goods and goods for resale
159
160
              4.     Payments on account
161
162
      II.   Debtors
163
164
            1.      Trade debtors
165
166
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
167
168
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
169
170
171
172
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
173
174
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
175
176
                     virtue of participating interests
177
178
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
179
180
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
181
182
            4.     Other debtors
183
184
                    a)   becoming due and payable within one year
(4)
185
186
                    b)   becoming due and payable after more than one year
187
188
     III.   Investments
189
190
           1.      Shares in affiliated undertakings 
191
192
           2.      Own shares
209
210
           3.      Other investments
195
196
     IV.    Cash at bank and in hand
(5)
197
198
  E.   Prepayments 
199
200
201
202
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
38,563
                            
38,560
                              
401
                                 
401
                                    
TOTAL (ASSETS)
1,002,032,473
              
1,419,401,414
                
12,919,589
                    
18,537,445
                      
12,919,589
                    
18,537,445
                      
            2.     Amounts owed by affiliated undertakings
           3.     Amounts owed by undertakings with which the undertaking is linked by
12,919,589
                    
18,537,445
                      
12,958,152
                    
18,576,005
                      
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule :  2006 2214 261
Current year
Previous year
F-79

--- Page 343 ---
Page 10
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
  A. Capital and reserves
301
31,000
                                
302
31,000
                                     
       I.     Subscribed capital
(6)
303
31,000
                                
304
31,000
                                     
       II.    Share premium account
305
306
       III.   Revaluation reserve
307
308
       IV.   Reserves
309
310
            1.    Legal reserve
311
312
            2.    Reserve for own shares
313
314
            3.    Reserves provided for by the articles of association
315
316
            4.    Other reserves, including the fair value reserve
429
430
                 a)   other available reserves
431
432
                 b)   other non available reserves
433
434
       V.     Profit or loss brought forward
319
320
       VI.    Profit or loss for the financial year
321
322
       VII.   Interim dividends
323
324
       VIII.  Capital investment subsidies
325
326
B. Provisions
331
19,760
                                
332
16,700
                                     
           1.    Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
333
334
           2.    Provisions for taxation
335
336
           3.    Other provisions
(7)
337
19,760
                                
338
16,700
                                     
 C. Creditors
435
1,001,981,713
                  
436
1,419,353,714
                       
          1.     Debenture loans
437
1,001,563,413
                  
438
1,418,505,135
                       
                 a)   Convertible loans
439
440
                       i)     becoming due and payable within one year
441
442
                      ii)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
443
444
                b)    Non convertible loans
(8)
445
1,001,563,413
                  
446
1,418,505,135
                       
                       i)     becoming due and payable within one year
447
12,489,493
                        
448
474,406,734
                          
                      ii)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
449
989,073,920
                     
450
944,098,401
                          
          2.     Amounts owed to credit institutions
355
356
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
357
358
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
359
360
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule : 2006 2214 261
CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
F-80

--- Page 344 ---
Page 11
Reference(s)
Current year
Previous year
          3.     Payments received on account of orders in so far as they are 
                  shown separately as deductions from stocks
361
362
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
363
364
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
365
366
         4.      Trade creditors
367
368
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
369
370
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
371
372
        5.       Bills of exchange payable    
373
374
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
375
376
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
377
378
        6.       Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings
379
380
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
381
382
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
383
384
        7.       Amounts owed to undertakings with which the undertaking
                  is linked by virtue of participating interests
385
386
                       a)     becoming due and payable within one year
387
388
                       b)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
389
390
        8.       Other creditors
451
418,300
                             
452
848,579
                                  
                       a)     Tax authorities
(9)
393
352,386
                             
394
819,451
                                  
                       b)     Social security authorities
395
396
                       c)     Other creditors
(10)
397
65,914
                                
398
29,128
                                     
                                  i)     becoming due and payable within one year
399
65,914
                                
400
29,128
                                     
                                 ii)     becoming due and payable after more than one year
401
402
D.   Deferred income
403
404
TOTAL (CAPITAL, RESERVES AND LIABILITIES)
405
1,002,032,473
                  
406
1,419,401,414
                       
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule :  2006 2214 261
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
F-81

--- Page 345 ---
Page 12
  Annual Accounts Helpdesk :
  Tel. : (+352) 247 88 494
  Email : centralebilans@statec.etat.lu
Financial year from     01
 to  02
(in  03
EUR
)
References
     1.  Net turnover
701
702
     2.  Variation in stocks of finished goods and in work in progress
703
704
705
706
    4.  Other operating income
(11)
713
714
          
671
672
          a)     Raw materials and consumables
601
602
          b)     Other external expenses
603
604
     6.  Staff costs
605
606
          a)    Wages and salaries 
607
608
          b)    Social security costs
609
610
                    i)    relating to pensions
653
654
                    ii)    other social security costs
655
656
         c)    Other staff costs
613
614
     7.  Value adjustments
657
658
          a)    in respect of formation expenses and of tangible and intangible fixed assets
659
660
          b)    in respect of current assets
661
662
     8.  Other operating expenses
(12)
621
622
    9.  Income from participating interests
715
716
          a)     derived from affiliated undertakings
717
718
          b)     other income from participating interests
719
720
721
722
         a)      derived from affiliated undertakings
723
724
725
726
     11.  Other interest receivable and similar income
727
728
         a)      derived from affiliated undertakings
729
730
(13)
731
732
     12.  Share of profit or loss of undertakings accounted for under the equity method
663
664
            held as current assets
665
666
     14.  Interest payable and similar expenses
627
628
         a)      concerning affiliated undertakings
629
630
(14)
631
632
     15.  Tax on profit or loss
(15)
635
636
     16.  Profit or loss after taxation
667
668
     17.  Other taxes not shown under items 1 to 16
(15)
637
638
 
     18.  Profit or loss for the financial year
669
670
The notes to the accounts form an integral part of the Annual Accounts
52,237,955
                   
95,332,769
                     
95,332,769
                     
(797)
(4,815)
- 
- 
         b)      other interest and similar expenses
(52,237,663)
(95,333,331)
(398,152)
(243,970)
797
4,815
(52,237,663)
(95,333,331)
         b)      other interest and similar income
52,237,955
                   
     13.  Value adjustments in respect of financial assets and of investments 
         b)      other income not included under a)
 
 
   10.   Income from other investments and loans forming part of the fixed assets
 
 
 
 
(100,239)
(156,037)
 
 
    5.  Raw materials and consumables and other external expenses
     3.  Work performed by the undertaking for its own purposes and capitalised
498,896
                        
405,384
                           
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
          
Current year
Previous year
1 January 2018
31 December 2018
Steel Capital S.A. 
14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
RCSL Nr. : B 116 975
Matricule : 2006 2214 261
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
F-82

--- Page 346 ---
Page 13
Note 1 - General information
Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies
Note 2.1 - Basis of preparation
Note 2.2 - Significant accounting policies
Note 2.2.1 - Financial assets
Historical cost model
Valuation at purchase price
As from 15 July 2018, the corporate administrator of the Company was changed to Vistra (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. and its registered
office was transferred from 2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg to 14, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg.
The main valuation rules applied by the Company are the following:
Other loans are valued at nominal value including the expenses incidental thereto.
In the case of durable depreciation in value according to the opinion of the Board of Directors, value adjustments are made in respect
of fixed assets, so that they are valued at the lower figure to be attributed to them at the Balance Sheet date. These value adjustments
are not continued if the reasons for which the value adjustments were made have ceased to apply.
Steel Capital S.A.
The Company may carry out any transaction, whether commercial or financial, which are directly or indirectly connected with its
corporate object at the exclusion of any banking activity. In general, the Company may carry out any operation which it may deem
useful or necessary in the accomplishment and the development of its corporate purpose.
The Company's financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December of each year.
Steel Capital S.A. is a Luxembourg Company incorporated on 11 May 2006, for an unlimited duration, as a «société anonyme» and is
subject to the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as subsequently amended.
The Company shall have as its business purpose the issue of loan participation notes for the purpose of financing loans to Open Joint
Stock Company Severstal and to its affiliated companies, the granting of security interests over its assets in relation to the issuance of
the loan participation notes and the making of deposits at banks or with other depositaries.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
The Annual Accounts have been prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements under the historical cost
convention.
The Company makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the next financial year.
Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations
of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The preparation of Annual Accounts requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires the Board of Directors to
exercise their judgement in the process of applying the accounting policies. Changes in assumptions may have a significant impact on
the Annual Accounts in the year in which the assumptions changed. The Directors believe that the underlying assumptions are
appropriate and that the Annual Accounts therefore present the financial position and results fairly.
F-83

--- Page 347 ---
Page 14
Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2 - Significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2.2 - Debtors
Note 2.2.3 - Prepayments
Note 2.2.4 -  Foreign currency translation
Note 2.2.5 - Debts
Note 2.2.6 - Provisions
Provisions for taxation correspond to the tax liability estimated by the Company for the financial years for which the tax return has
not yet been assessed by the tax authorities are recorded under the caption "Tax Authorities". The advance payments are shown in
the assets of the Balance Sheet under the "Other debtors" item.
Cash at bank and in hand is translated at the exchange rate effective at the Balance Sheet date. Exchange losses and gains are
recorded in the Profit and Loss Account of the year.
Other assets and liabilities are translated separately respectively at the lower or at the higher of the value converted at the historical
exchange rate or the value determined on the basis of the exchange rates effective at the Balance Sheet date. The unrealised exchange
losses are recorded in the Profit and Loss Account. The exchange gains are recorded in the Profit and Loss Account at the moment of
their realisation.
Where there is an economic link between an asset and a liability, these are valued in total using year end exchange rate and the net
unrealised results are recorded in the Profit and Loss Account.
Debtors are valued at their nominal value. They are subject to value adjustments where their recoverability is compromised. These
value adjustments are not continued if the reasons for which the value adjustments were made have ceased to apply.
Provisions are intended to cover losses or debts, the nature of which is clearly defined and which, at the date of the Balance Sheet,
are either likely to be incurred or certain to be incurred but uncertain as to their amount on the date on which they will arise.
Provisions may also be created to cover charges which originate in the financial year under review or have in a previous financial
year, the nature of which is clearly defined and which at the date of the Balance Sheet are either likely to be incurred or certain to be
incurred but uncertain as to their amount or the date on which they will arise.
(continued)
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
Transactions expressed in currencies other than EUR are translated into EUR at the exchange rate effective at the time of the
transaction.
Debts are recorded at their reimbursement value. 
This asset item includes expenditures incurred during the financial year but relating to a subsequent financial year.
F-84

--- Page 348 ---
Page 15
Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2 - Significant accounting policies (continued)
Note 2.2.7 - Interest income and expenses
Note 3 - Other loans
Loans to PAO Severstal:
Loan
CCY
Outstanding 
amount
Interest
rate
Maturity
date
Opening balance 
as at 
1-Jan-2018
(Disposals) 
during the year
Foreign currency 
revaluation
Closing balance 
as at 
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Loan 5
USD
634,051,000
5.90%
17-Oct-2022
527,847,985
- 
25,145,935
552,993,920
Loan 6
USD
548,620,000
4.45%
19-Mar-2018
456,726,607
(446,395,635)
(10,330,972)
- 
Loan 9
USD
500,000,000
3.85%
27-Aug-2021
416,250,416
- 
19,829,584
436,080,000
1,400,825,008
(446,395,635)
34,644,547
989,073,920
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
Maturity Analysis:
EUR
EUR
Within one year
- 
456,726,607
After more than one year
989,073,920
944,098,401
989,073,920
       
1,400,825,008
    
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
Interest income and expenses are recorded on an accrual basis in the Profit and Loss Account.
Other loans, in the amount of EUR 989,073,920, are comprised as follows:
On 19 March 2018, the Loan Participation Notes due 2018 of USD 548,620,000 4.45% matured on the scheduled date and the 
corresponding loan were fully repaid.
(continued)
F-85

--- Page 349 ---
Page 16
Note 4 - Other debtors
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
 
EUR
EUR
Other debtors, in the amount of EUR 12,919,589, are comprised as follows:
Interest receivable on loans
12,489,493
17,680,127
Arrangement fees receivable*
146,009
523,694
Excess Tax advance 2014
31,899
31,899
Tax advance 2015
- 
103,750
Tax advance 2016
- 
92,603
Tax advance 2017
- 
86,810
Tax advance 2018
228,296
- 
VAT receivable 2016
2,867
2,867
VAT receivable 2017
8,173
15,695
VAT receivable 2018
12,852
- 
12,919,589
18,537,445
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
 
EUR
EUR
Cash account with Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. - EUR
38,511
38,511
              
Cash account with Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. - USD
52
49
                     
38,563
            
38,560
Subscribed 
capital
Balance as at 31 December 2017 and 31 December 2018
31,000
              
Legal reserve
The subscribed capital of the Company consists of 310 shares with a par value of EUR 100 each (EUR 31,000). As at 31 December
2018, 310 shares were issued and fully paid. 
In accordance with Luxembourg Company law, the Company is required to transfer a minimum of 5% of its net profit for each
financial year to a legal reserve. This requirement ceases to be necessary once the balance on the legal reserve reaches 10% of the
issued share capital. The legal reserve is not available for distribution to the shareholders.  
The carrying value of the capital and reserves is comprised as follows:
Note 6 - Capital and reserves
Steel Capital S.A.
Cash at bank and in hand, in the amount of EUR 38,563, are comprised as follows:
Note 5 - Cash at bank and in hand
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
*In consideration of the Company agreeing to make Loans to PAO Severstal, the latter shall pay on demand to the Lender as and 
when such amounts are due an amount equal to all ongoing fees and costs in accordance with the Loan arrangement fee of the 
Facility Agreement 15 March 2013.
(continued)
F-86

--- Page 350 ---
Page 17
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
Audit fees
10,000
10,000
Tax advisory fees
9,760
6,700
19,760
16,700
Note 8 - Non-convertible loans
Notes
CCY
Outstanding 
amount
Interest
rate
Maturity
date
Balance as at 
1-Jan-2018
(Disposals) 
during the year
Foreign 
currency 
revaluation
Balance as at 
31-Dec-2018
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Notes 5
USD
634,051,000
5.90%
17-Oct-2022
527,847,985
- 
25,145,935
552,993,920
Notes 6
USD
548,620,000
4.45%
19-Mar-2018
456,726,607
(446,395,635)
(10,330,972)
- 
Notes 9
USD
500,000,000
3.85%
27-Aug-2021
416,250,416
- 
19,829,584
436,080,000
1,400,825,008
(446,395,635)
      
34,644,547
     
989,073,920
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
becoming due and payable within one year
Principal amount
- 
456,726,607
Interest payable on Notes
12,489,493
17,680,127
12,489,493
474,406,734
becoming due and payable after more than one year
Principal amount
989,073,920
944,098,401
Total Non-Convertible loans
1,001,563,413
1,418,505,135
On 19 March 2018, the Loan Participation Notes due 2018 of USD 548,620,000 4.45% matured on the scheduled date and the 
corresponding loan were fully repaid.
Non-convertible loans issued, in the amount of EUR 1,001,563,413, are comprised of Loan Participation Notes (the ''Notes'') as
follows:
(continued)
Note 7 - Other provisions
Other provisions, in the amount of EUR 19,760, are comprised as follows:
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
F-87

--- Page 351 ---
Page 18
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
Corporate tax - 2015
-
                     
307,135
Corporate tax - 2016
-
                     
263,530
Corporate tax - 2017
195,098
248,786
Corporate tax - 2018
157,288
-
                       
352,386
819,451
Note 10 - Other creditors
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
Other creditors, in the amount of EUR 65,914, are comprised as follows:
Trustee fees
45,580
           
4,995
               
Administration fees
10,238
           
10,238
             
Tax advisory fees
4,259
             
7,840
               
Accountancy fees
4,095
             
4,095
               
Annual filing fees
1,538
             
-
                       
Other costs
205
                
205
                  
Set up fees
-
                     
1,755
               
65,914
29,128
Year ended
Year ended
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
Recharge of ongoing fees and expenses*
498,896
         
404,654
           
Reversal of overaccrual 2016
-
                     
730
                  
498,896
         
405,384
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
(continued)
Tax authorities, in the amount of EUR 352,386, are comprised as follows:
Note 9 - Tax authorities
Note 11 - Other operating income
Other operating income, in the amount of EUR 498,896, is comprised as follows:
*In consideration of the Company agreeing to make Loans to PAO Severstal, the latter shall pay on demand to the Lender as and 
when such amounts are due an amount equal to all ongoing fees and costs in accordance with the Loan arrangement fee of the 
Facility Agreement 15 March 2013.
F-88

--- Page 352 ---
Page 19
Year ended
Year ended
Note 12 - Other operating expenses
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
Other operating expenses, in the amount of EUR 100,239, are comprised as follows:
Administration fees
19,969
               
17,500
               
Trustee fees
45,765
               
42,732
               
Audit fees
13,169
               
20,000
               
Accountancy fees
7,000
                 
7,000
                 
Tax advisory fees
6,700
                 
34,842
               
Management fees
2,650
                 
2,650
                 
Listing fees
2,000
                 
1,599
                 
Annual filing fees
1,538
                 
3,971
                 
Reversal of overaccrual of VAT
1,098
                 
16,912
               
Other costs
350
                    
350
                    
Issue fees
-
                         
1,500
                 
Legal fees
-
                         
861
                    
VAT filing fees
-
                         
6,120
                 
100,239
156,037
Year ended
Year ended
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
Interest receivable on loans
52,237,663
        
95,332,769
        
Currency result
292
                    
-
                         
52,237,955
        
95,332,769
        
Year ended
Year ended
Note 14 -  Interest payable and similar expenses
31-Dec-2018
31-Dec-2017
EUR
EUR
Interest payable on Notes
52,237,663
95,332,769
Currency result
-
                         
562
52,237,663
95,333,331
Other interest and similar expenses, in the amount of EUR 52,237,663, are comprised as
follows:
Note 13 - Other interest receivable and similar income
Other interest and similar income, in the amount of EUR 52,237,955, are comprised as 
follows:
(continued)
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
F-89

--- Page 353 ---
Page 20
Note 15 -Taxation
Note 16 - Personnel
Note 17 - Subsequent events
(continued)
Steel Capital S.A.
société anonyme
Registered office: 14, rue Edward Steichen
L-2540 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 116.975
(the ''Company'')
Notes to the Annual Accounts
for the year ended 31 December 2018
The Company is subject to the general tax regulations to all commercial companies in Luxembourg.
During the year under review, the Company did not employ any personnel and, consequently, no payments for wages, salaries or
social securities were made.
Note 19 - Off-Balance Sheet commitments
The Company has no Off-Balance Sheet commitments as at 31 December 2018.
Note 18 - Advances, emoluments and loans granted to members of the administrative, managerial and supervisory bodies
No advances, emoluments and loans, were granted to the Board of Directors and any other bodies during the year ended 
31 December 2018.
There were no significant events since 31 December 2018, which could influence the presentation of the current Annual Accounts. 
F-90

--- Page 354 ---
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443, L-1014 Luxembourg 
T : +352 494848 1, F : +352 494848 2900, www.pwc.lu 
  
Cabinet de révision agréé. Expert-comptable (autorisation gouvernementale n°10028256) 
R.C.S. Luxembourg B 65 477 - TVA LU25482518 
Audit report 
To the Board of Directors of 
Steel Capital S.A. 
Report on the audit of the annual accounts 
Our opinion 
In our opinion, the accompanying annual accounts give a true and fair view of the financial position of 
Steel Capital S.A. (the “Company”) as at 31 December 2018, and of the results of its operations for the 
year then ended in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the 
preparation and presentation of the annual accounts. 
What we have audited  
The Company’s annual accounts comprise: 
 the balance sheet as at 31 December 2018; 
 the profit and loss account for the year then ended; and 
 the notes to the annual accounts, which include a summary of significant accounting policies. 
Basis for opinion  
We conducted our audit in accordance with the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 
on the audit profession (Law of 23 July 2016) and with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as 
adopted for Luxembourg by the “Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier” (CSSF). Our 
responsibilities under the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and ISAs as adopted 
for Luxembourg by the CSSF are further described in the “Responsibilities of the “Réviseur d’entreprises 
agréé” for the audit of the annual accounts” section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA Code) as adopted for Luxembourg 
by the CSSF together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the annual accounts. 
We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities under those ethical requirements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that we have not provided non-audit services that 
are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the annual accounts of the current period, and include the most significant assessed risks of 
material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud). These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the annual accounts as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters. 
F-91

--- Page 355 ---
22 
Key audit matter 
How our audit addressed the Key audit 
matter 
Valuation of the financial assets 
Refer to the accounting policies “2.2.1. Financial 
assets" and "Note 3. Other Loans"  
Financial assets disclosed under “Note 3. Other 
Loans” are comprised of loans to PAO Severstal and 
amount to EUR 989,074 million in the annual accounts 
as at 31 December 2018. Other Loans are valued at 
purchase price corresponding to the nominal value, 
less impairment in case of durable depreciation in 
value according to the opinion of the Board of 
Directors.  
The appropriateness of provisions for impairments on 
Other loans is a key area of judgment for the Board of 
Directors. The identification of impairment and the 
determination 
of 
the 
recoverable 
amount 
are 
inherently uncertain processes involving the use of 
estimates, various assumptions and factors including 
the financial solvability of the borrower.  
For a full description of the valuation policy applied to 
the financial assets, we refer to the description 
included in the notes to the annual accounts. 
We consider the valuation of the financial assets as 
key audit matter, given the magnitude of these 
positions and the degree of judgment included in the 
estimation performed by the Board of Directors. If the 
estimates or assumptions used should significantly 
change, the resulting differences could materially 
affect the valuation of the financial assets. 
 
Our audit procedures to cover the valuation 
of Other loans included: 
- 
understanding 
of 
the 
impairment 
assessment performed by the Board of 
Directors. We assessed the appropriateness 
of the judgment and estimates used in the 
impairment analysis by reconciling the data 
used to the audited financial information of 
PAO Severstal; 
- analysing the supporting documents 
(included but not limited to most recent 
available financial information of PAO 
Severstal, economic factors influencing the 
respective country / industry of PAO 
Severstal, its credit ratings); and  
- recalculating all interest amounts and 
verifying that the interest payments are 
made regularly and there is no indication of 
delays or default, payments of interests are 
verified up to the date of this report. 
We finally assessed the adequacy of the 
disclosures in the annual accounts. 
Other information  
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
information stated in the  directors' report and the Corporate Governance Statement but does not include 
the annual accounts and our audit report thereon. 
Our opinion on the annual accounts does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the annual accounts, our responsibility is to read the other information 
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the annual accounts or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially 
F-92

--- Page 356 ---
23 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the annual accounts 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the annual accounts in 
accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and 
presentation of the annual accounts, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines 
is necessary to enable the preparation of annual accounts that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the annual accounts, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Responsibilities of the “Réviseur d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the annual accounts 
The objectives of our audit are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the annual accounts as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an audit report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 
and with ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these annual accounts. 
As part of an audit in accordance with the EU Regulation No 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and 
with ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the annual accounts, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control; 
 obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control; 
 evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the Board of Directors; 
F-93

--- Page 357 ---
24 
 conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related 
to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in 
our audit report to the related disclosures in the annual accounts or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our audit report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease 
to continue as a going concern; 
 evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the annual accounts, including the 
disclosures, and whether the annual accounts represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the annual accounts of the current period and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our audit report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements  
The directors' report is consistent with the annual accounts and has been prepared in accordance with 
applicable legal requirements. 
The Corporate Governance Statement is included in the directors' report. The information required by 
Article 68ter Paragraph (1) Letters c) and d) of the Law of 19 December 2002 on the commercial and 
companies register and on the accounting records and annual accounts of undertakings, as amended, 
is consistent with the annual accounts and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal 
requirements. 
We have been appointed as “Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé” of the Company by the Board of Directors 
on 19 March 2018 and the duration of our uninterrupted engagement, including previous renewals and 
reappointments, is 5 years. 
Other matter 
The Corporate Governance Statement includes, when applicable, the information required by 
Article 68ter Paragraph (1) Letters a), b), e), f) and g) of the Law of 19 December 2002 on the 
F-94

--- Page 358 ---
-1
H
pwc
commercial
and companies
register and
on
the
accounting
records
and
annual
accounts of
undertakings, as amended.
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative
Luxembourg, 3 May 2019
Represented by
L
Holger von Keutz
25
F-95

--- Page 359 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY 
PAO Severstal 
UL. Mira 30 
162608 Cherepovets 
Russian Federation 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Steel Capital S.A. 
14, rue Edward Steichen 
L-2540 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Luxembourg R.C.S. B116975 
 
ARRANGER AND PERMANENT DEALER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
21st Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
England 
TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A.,  
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
England 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., New York Branch 
388 Greenwich Street 
14th Floor 
New York, NY 10013 
United States 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and Permanent 
Dealer as to English and 
 
 
United States law and to the 
Trustee as to English law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
England 
To the Arranger and Permanent 
Dealer as to Russian law: 
Linklaters CIS 
Paveletskaya Sq. 2, bld 2 
115054 Moscow 
Russian Federation 
To the Arranger and Permanent 
Dealer as to Luxembourg law: 
Linklaters LLP 
Avenue John F. Kennedy 35 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
To the Company 
as to English, Russian and United States law: 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
Ul. Gasheka 6, Ducat III, Office 510 
Moscow 125047 
Russia 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE COMPANY 
JSC KPMG 
10 Presnenskaya 
Naberezhnaya 
Block C 
Moscow 123112 
Russian Federation 
TAX ADVISER TO THE COMPANY 
Ernst and Young LLC 
77/1 Sadovnicheskaya Naberezhnaya 
Moscow 115035 
Russia 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Earlsfort Centre 
Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland