--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2021 
 
Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates) 
and 
CBD (Cayman) Limited 
(an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands) 
and in the case of Notes issued by CBD (Cayman) Limited 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates) 
U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this U.S.$3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), CBD (Cayman) Limited (the “Cayman Issuer”) and 
Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C. (“CBD” or the “Bank”, and together with the Cayman Issuer, each an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”) may from 
time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The obligations of the 
Cayman Issuer in respect of Notes issued by it are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by CBD (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”).  References 
in this Base Prospectus to the “Obligors” are to the Cayman Issuer and CBD, and references to the “relevant Obligors” shall be a reference to, in the 
case of an issue of Notes by CBD, CBD, and in the case of an issue of Notes by the Cayman Issuer, to each of the Cayman Issuer and the Guarantor and 
“relevant Obligor” shall be a reference to either of them, as the context may require. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of 
all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Obligors (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “CBI”), as competent authority under the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.  Further, such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) (the “Regulated Market”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”) for the purposes of MiFID II (each such regulated market being a “MiFID Regulated Market”) and/or that are to be offered to 
the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (each a “Member State”). 
Application will be made to the Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market and have been admitted to the Official List or, as the case may be, another MiFID Regulated Market. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final 
Terms”) which will be delivered to the CBI and, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Regulated Market, Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a MiFiD Regulated Market and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuers will, in the event of any new significant factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in the Base Prospectus which 
is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus.  The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a MiFiD Regulated 
Market and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation 
The relevant Obligors may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form or with terms and conditions not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of 
the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
CBD has been assigned long-term issuer ratings of A3 and A- by Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. (“Moody’s”) and Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”), 
respectively. The “A3” rating by Moody’s indicates that the CBD’s creditworthiness is above average relative to other domestic issuers.  The “A-” rating 
by Fitch indicates that CBD has very low default risk and has a strong capacity for payment of financial commitments which is not significantly vulnerable 
to foreseeable events. The Programme has been assigned senior unsecured ratings of P(Baa1) by Moody’s in connection with Notes issued by CBD and

--- Page 2 ---
P(Baa1) by Moody’s in connection with Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer and A-long-term and F2 short-term by Fitch in connection with Notes issued 
by CBD and A- long-term and F2 short-term by Fitch in connection with Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer. The “P(Baa1)” rating by Moody’s indicates 
that the Programme is medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics.  The “A-” rating by 
Fitch indicates that the Programme has very low default risk and has a strong capacity for payment of financial commitments which is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. The “F2” rating by Fitch indicates that the Programme is of good short-term credit quality.  It has good intrinsic capacity 
for timely payment of financial commitments.  Moody’s is established in the European Union (“EU”) and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).  Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and is registered under the CRA Regulation 
as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings assigned by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and in accordance with the CRA Regulation. As such, 
each of Moody's and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom. The ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by its United Kingdom branch, Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. The FCA publishes on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency.  A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, LIBID, LIBOR, LIMEAN, SHIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, 
KLIBOR, EIBOR, SAIBOR, BBSW, JPY LIBOR, PRIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR or TIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SAIBOR and EURIBOR are included in the register of administrators of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”).  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of JPY LIBOR, LIBID, LIBOR, LIMEAN, SHIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, BBSW, PRIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR and 
TIBOR are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  As far as CBD is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Treasury Markets Association of Banks, the Association of Banks in Singapore, the 
UAE Central Bank, ASX Limited, the Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o., the Banks Association of Turkey, the JBA TIBOR Administration, the 
New Zealand Financial Markets Association and the Financial Benchmarks India Private Ltd, are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union or the United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
 
Arrangers 
 
HSBC 
 
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
 
Dealers 
 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
CITIGROUP 
COMMERZBANK 
EMIRATES NBD CAPITAL 
FIRST ABU DHABI BANK P.J.S.C. 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
NOMURA 
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK

--- Page 3 ---
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Obligors accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Obligors accept responsibility for the Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Base Prospectus.  To the best of the knowledge of each of the Obligors the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
Certain information under the headings “Risk Factors”, “Description of CBD”, “Financial Review”, 
“Overview of the United Arab Emirates” and “The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations” 
has been extracted from information provided by: 
• 
the Central Bank of the UAE (the “UAE Central Bank”), in the case of the “Risk Factors”, the 
“Financial Review” and the “Description of CBD”; 
• 
the UAE Central Bank, the UAE National Bureau of Statistics, the UAE and Abu Dhabi and 
Dubai Governments, in the case of “Overview of the United Arab Emirates”; and 
• 
the UAE Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund, in the case of “The United Arab 
Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations”. 
The Obligors confirm that such third party information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party sources 
referred to, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus has been derived from a number of different identified 
sources.  Certain information is only available on a federal basis relating to the entire UAE and potential 
investors should note Dubai’s own position may differ in material respects from the position at an overall 
federal level. All statistical information provided in this Base Prospectus may differ from that produced 
by other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times and 
differing underlying assumptions and methodologies. In addition, standards of accuracy of statistical data 
may vary from authority to authority or from period to period due to the application of these different 
methodologies.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto 
and, in relation to any Series of Notes, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of applicable Final Terms will be available from the registered office of CBD and the specified 
office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below), save that, if the relevant Notes are 
neither: (a) admitted to trading on a MiFID Regulated Market nor (b) offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuers or, as the case may be, the Principal Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by either Obligor in connection with 
the Programme, or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf 
in connection with the Obligors, or the issue and offering of the Notes and the Dealers accept no liability 
or responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Obligors or any other person in connection with this 
Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of Notes under the Programme.  Each Dealer accordingly

--- Page 4 ---
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus, the issue and offering of Notes under 
the Programme or any such statement. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Obligors to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either Obligor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by either Obligor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any 
Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Obligors.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Obligors or any of the 
Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes (or beneficial 
interests therein) shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Obligors is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Obligors during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information 
coming to their attention. 
The Notes and the Guarantee (as defined herein) have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) and the Notes in bearer form are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription 
and Sale”). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions.  None of the Obligors or any of the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Obligors or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, 
Singapore, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan), the Cayman 
Islands, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre) and Malaysia, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential

--- Page 5 ---
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the applicable Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in such Notes and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement hereto; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the applicable Notes and the impact its investment 
in such Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
applicable Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the applicable Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that might affect 
its investment in the Notes and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and are high risk and are not a suitable or appropriate 
investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, 
regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities similar to the Notes. There are risks 
inherent in the holding of the Notes, including the risks in relation to their subordination and the 
circumstances in which holders of the Notes may suffer loss as a result of holding the Notes. See “Risk 
Factors” for a discussion of certain considerations to be taken into account in connection with an 
investment in the Notes.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial 
instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (a) the Notes are legal investments for it, (b) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
their investment in the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or other rules. 
No comment is made or advice given by either Obligor, the Dealers, or the Agents in respect of taxation 
matters relating to any Notes or the legality of the purchase of the Notes by an investor under any 
applicable law. 
If a jurisdiction requires that an offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any 
affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to 
be made by that Dealer or its affiliate on behalf of the relevant Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, LEGAL 
ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL, BUSINESS AND RELATED MATTERS 
CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF ANY NOTES.

--- Page 6 ---
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial statements relating to CBD and its consolidated subsidiaries which are incorporated by reference 
into this document are as follows: 
• 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the three month period ended 
31 March 2021 including unaudited comparative information as at and for the three month period ended 
31 March 2020; (the  “2021 Interim Financial Statements”); 
• 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
including audited comparative information as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (the 
“2020 Financial Statements”); and 
• 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
including audited comparative information as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (the 
“2019 Financial Statements” and, together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the “Annual Financial 
Statements"). 
The 2021 Interim Financial Statements, together with the 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial 
Statements, are referred to herein as the “Financial Statements” 
The financial information included in this Base Prospectus: (i) as at and for the three month period ended 31 
March 2021 and 31 March 2020 has been extracted from the 2021 Interim Financial Statements; (ii) as at and 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 has been extracted from the 2020 Financial Statements; and (iii) 
as at and for years ended 31 December 2019 and has been extracted from the 2019 Financial Statements. 
Each of the Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB"). The  2021 
Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34. The 2021 Interim Financial 
Statements  have been subject to limited review by KPMG Lower Gulf Limited (Dubai Branch) ("KPMG") in 
accordance with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 "Review of Interim Financial 
Information performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity", as stated in their report incorporated by 
reference herein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). Each of the Annual Financial Statements has 
been audited in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing by KPMG, as stated in their reports 
incorporated by reference herein. Any reference herein to a figure at or for the three month period ended 31 
March 2021 or 31 March 2020 is unaudited. 
CBD publishes its financial statements in UAE dirham. 
CBD's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are, 
unless otherwise indicated, to the 12 month period ended on 31 December of such year. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The Cayman Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company 
with limited liability.  The Cayman Issuer is not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish 
audited financial statements or appoint an auditor. 
PRESENTATION OF UAE STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The statistical information in the section titled “Overview of the United Arab Emirates” has been accurately 
reproduced from a number of different identified sources.  All statistical information provided in that section 
may differ from that produced by other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions 
and cut-off times.  Gross domestic product (“GDP”) data is not final and may be subject to revision in future 
periods and certain other historical GDP data set out in that section may also be subject to future adjustment.

--- Page 7 ---
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
In this document, references to: 
• 
“AED”, “dirham” or “fils” are to the lawful currency of the UAE.  One dirham equals 100 fils; 
• 
“CBI” are to the Central Bank of Ireland; 
• 
“Dubai” are to the Emirate of Dubai; 
• 
“EEA” are to the European Economic Area; 
• 
“EU” are to the European Union; 
• 
“EUR”, “euro” or “€” or are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time to time; 
• 
a “Member State” are, unless the context does not permit, references to a Member State of the EEA; 
• 
“OPEC” are to the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries; 
• 
“U.S.” or “United States” are to the United States of America; 
• 
“U.S.$” or “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States; 
• 
the “GCC” are to the Cooperation Council of the Arab States of the Gulf (otherwise known as the Gulf 
Co-operation Council); 
• 
“Group” are to the Cayman Issuer, CBD and CBD’s consolidated subsidiaries and associates taken as 
a whole; 
• 
the “UAE” are to the United Arab Emirates; and 
• 
“UK” are to the United Kingdom. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated By Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this document does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
PRESENTATION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
In this Base Prospectus, CBD uses the following metrics in the analysis of its business and financial position, 
which CBD considers to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as defined in the European Securities 
and Markets Authority Guidelines.  For further information, see “Selected Financial Information”. 
Metric 
Definition and method of calculation 
Rationale for inclusion 
Return on average 
assets 
Net profit divided by the average balance 
of total assets calculated as a simple 
average of the opening and closing 
balances for the relevant period. 
Performance measure. The ratio shows 
how many AED of earnings CBD derives 
from each AED of assets it controls. 
Return on average 
equity 
Net profit divided by the average equity 
calculated as a simple average of the 
opening and closing balances for the 
relevant period. 
Performance measure. The ratio is a 
measure of the profitability of the Bank’s 
business in relation to the book value of 
shareholders equity, also known as net 
assets or assets minus liabilities.  The 
ratio is a measure of how well the Bank

--- Page 8 ---
uses shareholders’ equity to generate 
earnings growth. 
Cost 
to 
Income 
ratio 
Total operating expenses divided by total 
operating income. 
Performance 
measure. 
A 
lower 
percentage 
indicates 
that 
operating 
expenses are low relative to operating 
income. 
Non-performing 
loans ratio 
Impaired loans, advances and Islamic 
financing 
divided 
by 
gross 
loans, 
advances and Islamic financing. 
Asset quality measure. 
Provision coverage 
ratio 
Provisions for impaired loans, advances 
and 
Islamic 
financing 
divided 
by 
impaired loans, advances and Islamic 
financing. 
Asset quality measure. The ratio shows 
total provisions which the Bank has built 
in respect of its impaired loans, advances 
and Islamic financing. 
Loan 
to 
deposit 
ratio 
Net loans and Islamic financing divided 
by 
customer 
deposits 
and 
Islamic 
customer deposits. 
Liquidity measure. The loan to deposit 
ratio is used to calculate the Bank’s ability 
to 
make 
payments 
to 
customers 
withdrawing their deposits. A ratio of less 
than one implies that the Bank has relied 
on funds deposited by customers to make 
loans, advances and Islamic financing. A 
ratio of more than one, implies that the 
Bank has extended loans, advances and 
Islamic financing from funds borrowed 
by it in addition to deposits. 
These Alternative Performance Measures are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS.  The 
Alternative Performance Measures are not measurements of the Bank’s operating performance under IFRS and 
should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the 
Bank’s liquidity. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be “forward-looking statements”.  Forward-
looking statements include statements concerning CBD’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements.  When 
used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, 
“plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify 
forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections titled “Risk 
Factors”, “Description of CBD” and “Financial Review” and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  CBD 
has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future 
events and financial performance.  Although CBD believes that the expectations, estimates and 
projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or 
uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which CBD has otherwise identified in this 
Base Prospectus, or if any of CBD’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, CBD’s 
actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted.  Investors are therefore 
strongly advised to read the sections “Risk Factors”, “Description of CBD”, “Financial Review” and “The 
United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations”, which include a more detailed description of the 
factors that might have an impact on CBD’s business development and on the industry sector in which 
CBD operates. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
include, but are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 9 ---
These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  Without prejudice 
to any requirements under applicable laws, each of the Obligors expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based. As a result of these and 
other risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in 
this Base Prospectus might not occur in the way they are expected, or at all. Prospective investors should 
consider all forward-looking statements in light of these explanations and should not place undue reliance 
on forward-looking statements.  
All references in this Base Prospectus to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; all 
references to Renminbi, RMB or CNY are to the lawful currency of the PRC (which, for the purposes of 
this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan); and all references to AED and dirham are to the 
lawful currency of the United Arab Emirates.  The dirham has been pegged to the U.S. dollar since 
22 November 1980.  The mid-point between the official buying and selling rates for the dirham is at a 
fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00.  All references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended.  In addition, all references in this document to Dubai 
are to the Emirate of Dubai. 
KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as 
are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the “Capital Market Authority”). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of 
this Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or 
incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus.  Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under 
the Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the 
Notes.  If a prospective purchaser does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, he or she 
should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS NOTICE 
No invitation whether directly or indirectly may be made to any member of the public of the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Notes and this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any 
member of the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for Notes. 
KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN NOTICE 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and 
accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the “CBB”) in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in 
another currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of 
Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006).  This 
Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the CBB.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used 
in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors (as such term is 
defined by the CBB) for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered the Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or

--- Page 10 ---
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.  Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this document and expressly disclaims any 
liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content 
of this document.  No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base 
Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to 
the public generally. 
QATARI NOTICE 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering.  This Base 
Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar Central 
Bank, the Qatar Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar.  
The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Exchange.  The Notes will not be offered to investors 
domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and do not constitute 
debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise 
under the laws of the State of Qatar. 
MALAYSIA NOTICE 
The Notes may not be offered for subscription or purchase and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
the Notes in Malaysia may be made, directly or indirectly, and this Base Prospectus or any document or 
other materials in connection therewith may not be distributed in Malaysia other than to persons falling 
within the categories set out in Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and 
Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together with Schedule 9 or section 257(3) of the Capital Market and 
Services Act 2007 of Malaysia, as may be amended and/or varied from time to time and subject to any 
amendments to the applicable laws. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the 
Obligors and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions or reports 
expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
CANADIAN NOTICE 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes 
must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of 
Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus 
(including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or 
guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-
105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as the 
stabilisation manger(s) in the applicable Final Terms (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made

--- Page 11 ---
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Managers(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of any Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the relevant Obligor may make a determination about the classification 
of such Notes for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore” that will state the product classification of the applicable Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
SFA, however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be “prescribed capital 
markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) 
Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final 
Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the

--- Page 12 ---
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II ; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 13 ---
DATA PROTECTION 
Under the Cayman Islands Data Protection Act, 2017 (as amended) (the “DPA”) and, in respect of European 
Union (EU) data subjects, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (together, the “Data Protection 
Legislation”), individual data subjects have rights and the Cayman Issuer as data controller has obligations with 
respect to the processing of personal data by the Cayman Issuer and its affiliates and delegates.  Breach of the 
Data Protection Legislation by the Cayman Issuer could lead to enforcement action. 
Prospective investors should note that personal data may in certain circumstances be required to be supplied to 
the Cayman Issuer and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Cayman Issuer with personal 
information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, employees, representatives, 
shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals may be providing the Cayman 
Issuer and its affiliates and/or delegates with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within 
the meaning of the DPA. The Cayman Issuer shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its 
affiliates and/or delegates may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own right in some 
circumstances). 
The Cayman Issuer has published a privacy notice (the “Data Privacy Notice”), which provides prospective 
investors with information on the Cayman Issuer’s use of their personal data in accordance with the Data 
Protection Legislation. By investing in the Note, the Noteholders shall be deemed to acknowledge that they 
have read in detail and understood the Data Privacy Notice (which can be accessed at 
https://www.walkersglobal.com/external/SPVDPNotice.pdf) and that such Data Privacy Notice provides an 
outline of their data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
(i) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Documents Incorporated By Reference ............................................................................................................. 29 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................. 31 
Form of the Notes .............................................................................................................................................. 36 
Applicable Final Terms ..................................................................................................................................... 39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................... 52 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................................... 101 
Description of the Cayman Issuer ................................................................................................................... 102 
Description of CBD ......................................................................................................................................... 103 
Selected Financial Information ........................................................................................................................ 129 
Financial Review ............................................................................................................................................. 132 
Overview of the United Arab Emirates and the emirate of dubai ................................................................... 146 
The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations .......................................................................... 155 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................................................... 167 
Subscription and Sale ...................................................................................................................................... 169 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................ 178

--- Page 15 ---
1 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Obligors believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect 
of the Notes issued under the Programme or under the Guarantee, as the case may be.  Most of these factors 
are contingencies that may or may not occur. 
Factors that the Obligors believe are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes are described below. 
Each of the Obligors believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Notes, but the inability of either Obligor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in respect of 
the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Obligors based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Cayman Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued by it under 
the Programme 
The Cayman Issuer is an entity incorporated under the Companies Act (as amended) in the Cayman Islands as 
a limited liability company.  The Cayman Issuer may not have any income except payments received from CBD 
in respect of loans, which will be the only material source of funds available to meet the claims of the 
Noteholders against the Cayman Issuer.  As a result, the Cayman Issuer is subject to all the risks to which CBD 
is subject, to the extent that such risks could limit CBD’s ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its 
obligations to the Cayman Issuer under any such loans.  As the Cayman Issuer is a Cayman Islands company, 
it may not be possible for Noteholders to effect service of process outside the Cayman Islands upon the Cayman 
Issuer or its officers and directors. 
Factors that may affect CBD’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued by it under the 
Programme or its obligations as Guarantor under the Guarantee 
In the course of its business activities, CBD is exposed to a variety of risks, as described below. Investors should 
note that any failure to adequately control these risks could result in adverse effects on CBD's financial condition 
and reputation. 
Risks relating to CBD’s business 
CBD's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the impact of 
COVID-19 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation ("WHO") declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease 
known as "COVID-19", caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, to be a global 
pandemic. The outbreak of COVID-19 has spread rapidly globally in recent months and has disrupted various 
global markets and resulted in severe global economic uncertainty.  
Measures implemented in response to COVID-19 by government authorities in the UAE and around the world 
to discourage or prohibit the movement of people have severely affected tourism and many other sectors. These 
measures include lock downs, quarantine, travel restrictions, border control and the cancellation of many 
planned visits, flights, business and leisure events. If the spread of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to widely 
affect visitor numbers across major economies, there may be sizeable downside effects to the world economy, 
and the UAE economy, particularly Dubai, could potentially be disproportionately negatively impacted due to 
the high importance of tourism to the UAE and Dubai economies. There is also no certainty that the public 
health and other preventive measures imposed by government authorities will be sufficient to contain the spread 
of COVID-19 and thereby mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak. The implementation of any such measures 
(or their insufficiency) could have an adverse effect on CBD's operations, including its ability to perform some 
of its critical functions and serve its customers. The economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have 
been unprecedented for all countries around the world. Despite fiscal stimulus and monetary policy support, the  
International Monetary Fund (the IMF) estimates that global growth contracted by 3.5 per cent in 2020, making

--- Page 16 ---
2 
 
 
 
it the worst global economic downturn since the Great Depression. The transport, retail and hospitality sectors 
were among the most affected by the pandemic as international borders were closed and the volume of global 
trade declined by an estimated 10 per cent. in 2020 (source: IMF), which is the largest annual decline since  the 
global financial crisis in 2009. 
A substantial proportion of CBD's business involves providing credit and other financial services to individuals, 
corporations, industries or entities that may be detrimentally impacted by COVID-19 and therefore may be 
unable to repay their loans as they fall due and/or may have lower demand for the products and services offered 
by CBD. CBD may also be limited in its ability to effectively service customers due to the restricted operations 
in many of its offices with many employees working from home.  
 
Furthermore, the continued impact of COVID-19 may influence the recognition of credit losses in CBD's loan 
portfolio and result in an increase of CBD's allowance for credit losses, particularly as business operations 
remain limited and as more customers are expected to draw on their lines of credit or seek additional loans to 
help finance their businesses.  
Impairment allowances on loans and advances and Islamic financing decreased by 19.3 per cent. in the three 
month period ended 31 March 2021 compared to the corresponding period in 2020, primarily reflecting lower 
impairment for specific cases and lower weight for adverse scenarios under IFRS9 ECL calculations as the UAE 
economy began to recover from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and recorded a steep increase in 
economic activity.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CBD is continuing to monitor the impact which the COVID-19 outbreak 
could have on its operations, the markets in which CBD operates and more broadly on the macro-economic 
outlook as further cases of COVID-19 emerge and government authorities and international agencies continue 
to impose a range of measures to deal with the outbreak and spread of COVID-19. The Central Bank of the 
UAE predicted 2.5 per cent. overall growth for the UAE economy in 2021 (and 3.6 per cent. growth for non-oil 
sectors), after the economy contracted by approximately 6 per cent. in 2020, as the UAE economy begins to 
recover  from the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The IMF and the World Bank have also 
projected a positive trend for the UAE economy, following a rapid vaccination drive by the UAE government. 
However, there can be no guarantee that the effects of the current global pandemic will not increase further or 
that any projected economic recovery will occur. The prolonged continuation or escalation of the COVID-19 
pandemic could result in further adverse effects on CBD, the Notes, and the position of the holders of the Notes. 
CBD is subject to risks relating to customer and counterparty credit quality 
CBD is exposed to the risk of financial loss if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet 
its contractual obligations to CBD.  This exposure arises principally from CBD's loans and advances and Islamic 
financing, amounts due from banks and investment in debt securities. 
CBD, in the ordinary course of its operations, regularly reviews its credit exposure and establishes an allowance 
for impairment losses that represents its estimate of expected credit losses in its loan portfolio. This process, 
which is fundamental to CBD's results of operations and financial condition, requires careful analysis, including 
projections of the manner in which changes in macroeconomic conditions may impair the ability of its customers 
to repay their loans or the ability of its counterparties to meet their contractual obligations. This analysis may, 
however, be inaccurate and result in an insufficient allowance of impairment losses.  Further, a failure by CBD's 
customers to meet their obligations to deliver cash, securities or other assets as due may result in higher levels 
of impairment. Any such increase in CBD's levels of impairment or a failure to adequately provision for 
impairments could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects.  
Adverse economic and political developments in recent years, including adverse changes in levels of consumer 
confidence, consumer spending, liquidity levels, bankruptcy rates and commercial and residential real estate 
prices, have historically impacted CBD's customers and counterparties and, in certain cases, have adversely 
affected CBD's customers' and counterparties' ability to repay their loans or meet their contractual obligations 
to CBD.

--- Page 17 ---
3 
 
 
 
In order to mitigate the economic effects of the COVID-19 outbreak, the UAE Central Bank, has announced 
certain special temporary measures applicable to banking institutions, including, among others, the 
implementation of measures intended to provide debt relief to various sectors of the economy, including but not 
limited to payment deferrals. As part of this, CBD has offered payment holidays to its customers who have been 
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. These payment holidays have not been subject to detailed credit 
assessments, and therefore the levels of financial difficulty of the customers who apply for payment holidays 
requires estimation in a number of areas.  See "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations" for 
more information. 
As at 31 March 2021, impaired loans represented 6.6 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic 
financing. As at 31 December 2020, impaired loans represented 6.8 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances 
and Islamic financing (compared to 5.94 per cent. as at 31 December 2019), while impairment allowances on 
loans and advances and Islamic financing covered 70.7 per cent. of CBD's impaired loans as at 31 March  2021 
(compared to 69.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
As at 31 March 2021 , impairment allowances on loans and advances and Islamic financing increased by 7 per 
cent. to AED 4.02 billion, compared to 3.76 AED   billion as at 31 December 2020.  CBD continued its prudent 
provisioning policy alongside the implementation of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments ("IFRS 9") from 
1 January 2018.  For more information on the impact of IFRS 9, please see Note 3 to the 2020 Financial 
Statements. 
CBD had AED 4.8 billion of impaired loans as at 31 March 2021, AED 4.6 billion as at 31 December 2020 and 
AED 3.8 billion as at 31 December 2019.  In accordance with IFRS, CBD is required to reflect the impairment 
calculated as a charge to the income statement.  However, the actual loan losses could be materially different 
from the loan impairment allowances. In the first quarter of 2021, CBD assessed the impact of the crisis and 
updated the weightages assigned to the macro-economic scenario probabilities of its ECL models in line with 
Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. ("Moody's") recommended weightage. This is in light of the favourable 
projected economic outlook of the full year 2021 as compared to the previous year, the progress in the 
vaccination process in UAE and around the globe and, easing concerns of a second or third wave of COVID-
19. The probability of the adverse scenario decreased from 35 per cent. to 30 per cent. and the probability of the 
favourable scenario  increased from 0 per cent. to 30 per cent. The probability assigned to the base case scenario 
accordingly decreased from 65 per cent. to 40 per cent. The impact of changing these scenario probabilities was 
a decrease to the impairment loss allowance by AED 64 million. CBD continues to monitor and evaluate the 
economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and provided for an additional AED 205 million of impairment 
loss allowance for the three month period ended 31 March 2021. As the situation is still evolving, CBD's 
management continues to closely monitor changes in the economic environment, however CBD's management 
believes that the level of impairment allowances for impaired loans and loans under stress are adequate as at 31 
March 2021.  Collateral held as security against impaired loans primarily relates to commercial and residential 
property and pledged deposits. 
CBD has a portfolio of listed investment securities classified as fair value through other comprehensive income 
and there can be no assurance that fair valuations of its investment securities in future periods will not result in 
other comprehensive losses. In addition, the value that CBD ultimately realises for its investment securities may 
be lower than their current fair value, resulting in losses being recorded in its income statement, which losses 
could be material.  However, when equity investments are classified as fair value through other comprehensive 
income, the fair value gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and are not subsequently 
reclassified to the income statement, including on disposal.  Impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses 
are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.  
Based on CBD's management's assessment, CBD has not identified any significant impact to the fair values for 
the first three months of 2021. CBD will consistently monitor the market and ensure that the prices it uses are 
an accurate representation of fair value. 
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of CBD's businesses, principally in its lending and investment 
activities.  Credit risks could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific borrowers, issuers and 
counterparties of CBD, or from a general deterioration in local or global economic conditions, or from

--- Page 18 ---
4 
 
 
 
systematic risks within the financial systems.  Such credit risks could affect the recoverability and value of 
CBD's assets and require an increase in CBD's provisions for the impairment of loans, securities and other credit 
exposures.  Any significant increase in impairment allowances on loans and advances and Islamic financing or 
a significant change in CBD's estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non-impaired loans, as well 
as the occurrence of loan losses in excess of the impairment allowances on loans and advances and Islamic 
financing allocated with respect to such losses, could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
CBD faces risks associated with changes in market prices 
CBD is exposed to the risk that changes in market prices will affect CBD's income and/or the value of a financial 
instrument. 
The most significant market risks to which CBD is exposed are interest rate, equity price, foreign exchange rate 
and credit spread risks associated with its trading, investment and asset and liability management activities. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spread may affect the interest rate margin realised between 
CBD's lending and investment activities and its borrowing costs, and the values of assets that are sensitive to 
interest rate and spread changes. Changes in equity prices may affect the values of CBD's investment and trading 
portfolios. Changes in foreign exchange rates may affect the values of assets and liabilities denominated in 
foreign currencies and the income from foreign exchange dealing. Although CBD carries out regular stress tests 
under various anticipated scenarios, it is difficult to predict changes in economic and market conditions 
accurately and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have on CBD's financial performance and 
business operations. 
The amounts of gains and losses on debt and equity investments may fluctuate considerably from period to 
period. The level of fluctuation depends, in part, upon the market value of securities, which in turn may vary 
considerably. For the three month period ended 31 March 2021, CBD's realised gains on sale of investments 
(classified as at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value through other comprehensive income) amounted 
to AED 10.9 million compared AED 3.3 million to for the three month period ended 31 March 2020. CBD's 
realised gains on sale of investments amounted to AED 139 million and AED 54 million for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. CBD's fair value deficit amounted to a deficit of AED 
12.6 million as at 31 March 2021, a reserve of AED 65.5 million as at 31 December 2020, and a reserve of 
AED 48 million as at 31 December 2019. CBD cannot predict the amount of realised or unrealised gain or loss 
for any future period and variations from period to period are not indicative of future performance. Gains in 
CBD's investment portfolio may not continue to contribute to net income at levels consistent with those recent 
periods or at all. 
Since 2014, the performance of global markets has been volatile, reflecting ongoing volatility in the macro-
economic climate which has had, and which continues to have, a material adverse effect on the economies of 
the Gulf Co-operation Council ("GCC") states, including the UAE. 
In the UAE, the significant fiscal reforms implemented by the federal government in response to the low oil 
price environment since 2015 have had, and are expected to continue to have, a positive effect on the UAE 
economy. The UAE Federal Government has scaled back capital transfers to government-related entities, cut 
government investment, raised electricity and water tariffs, introduced a value-added tax regime and removed 
fuel subsidies. 
The UAE was first amongst the GCC countries to initiate fiscal reforms by phasing out fuel subsidies in 2015, 
partly offsetting the reduction in oil prices. Further reforms were introduced in 2017, including the introduction 
of a value-added tax regime in the UAE. In response to the oil price correction, the UAE Government and 
several GREs adjusted their budgets and certain large projects were rescheduled, which in turn impacted private 
sector activity in the economy. Strained by the lower liquidity and slowing public and private sector activity, 
several small and medium businesses scaled down their operations or shut down, in turn increasing impairments 
for banks that had lent to them. Although crude oil prices recovered slightly in recent years, with the monthly 
average price being U.S.$56.94 per barrel in December 2018 and U.S.$66.48 per barrel in December 2019, there 
was a sharp decrease in the monthly average price in 2020 with the price falling from U.S.$65.11 per barrel in 
January 2020 to U.S.$17.64 per barrel in April 2020. Currently the oil price has recovered and is close to U.S.

--- Page 19 ---
5 
 
 
 
$60 per barrel. See "Risk Factors – Risks relating to CBD's business – CBD faces risks associated with changes 
in market prices" and "Risk Factors – Risks related to the UAE and the Middle East – Economic Development". 
Furthermore, the impact of political events (such as the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union 
and increasing trade disputes, such as those between the United States and China), coupled with the global 
adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, has caused volatility in international financial markets and investor 
sentiment generally. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Federal Reserve cut rates by 50 and 100 basis points on 3 
March and 15 March 2020, taking interest rates close to zero. In response to this, on 3 March 2020 the UAE 
Central Bank announced that it would cut the interest rate on certificates of deposit in line with the U.S. dollar 
rates. On 16 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank further cut the interest rate applicable to one-week certificates 
of deposit by 75 basis points and reduced rates applicable to the interim margin lending facility and the 
collateralised murabaha facility by 50 basis points to 50 basis points above the repurchase rate for UAE Central 
Bank certificates of deposits. An increase in such rates will likely reduce the liquidity environment and will 
adversely impact CBD's net interest margins and borrowing costs, if CBD is unable to pass these increased costs 
on to its customers. The rate cuts by global central banks, together with slowed global growth, gave rise to 
increased liquidity. This has driven the cost of funds lower. At the same time, this lower rate environment has 
left investors looking for yield and enabled CBD to further extend duration. This search for duration, also had 
a significant positive impact on the realised gains from CBD's investment portfolio. 
The business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of CBD have been affected by these trends 
and may be further materially adversely affected by a continuation of the generally unfavourable economic 
conditions in the other countries of the GCC and emerging markets generally as well as by conditions in the 
United States, European and international trading markets and/or related factors. 
CBD maintains its accounts, and reports its results, in UAE dirham. The UAE dirham has been pegged to the 
U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980 and remains pegged as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In response to 
the volatility of oil prices internationally through 2015, certain regional oil producing countries that have 
traditionally "pegged" their domestic currencies to the U.S. dollar have faced pressure to remove these foreign 
exchange "pegs". As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan have chosen to 
unwind the U.S. dollar peg of their domestic currencies. While the likelihood of the GCC states pursuing a 
similar course of action is unclear (the UAE Central Bank has, most recently in  March 2020, re-iterated its 
intention to retain the UAE dirham peg against the U.S. dollar), there remains a risk that any such future de-
pegging by the GCC states (in the event that the current challenging market conditions persist for a prolonged 
period) would pose a systemic risk to the regional banking systems by virtue of the inevitable devaluation of 
any such de-pegged currency against the U.S. dollar and the impact this would have on the open cross-currency 
positions held by regional banks, including CBD. 
Given the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global financial markets, CBD is closely 
monitoring whether the fair values of financial assets and liabilities represent the price that would be achieved 
for transactions between market participants in the current scenario. The ongoing instability in the international 
financial markets could have a material adverse impact on CBD's investment portfolios and its financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Failure to manage market risks effectively could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that CBD will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with financial 
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or other financial assets. It includes the risk of the inability to fund 
assets at appropriate maturities and rates and the ability to liquidate assets at reasonable prices and an appropriate 
timeframe and an inability to meet obligations as they become due. 
An inability on CBD's part to access funds or to access the markets from which it raises funds may put CBD's 
positions in liquid assets at risk and lead to CBD being unable to finance its operations adequately. A dislocated 
credit environment compounds the risk that CBD will not be able to access funds at favourable rates. These and

--- Page 20 ---
6 
 
 
 
other factors could also lead creditors to form a negative view of CBD's liquidity, which could result in less 
favourable credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and less accessible funds. In addition, because CBD receives 
a significant portion of its funding from deposits, CBD is subject to the risk that depositors could withdraw their 
funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, thus causing liquidity strain. Also, under 
certain market conditions, CBD could be unable to raise the cash required to pay the Notes when due. 
Furthermore, in circumstances where CBD's competitors have ongoing limitations on their access to other 
sources of funding such as wholesale market derived funding, CBD's access to funds and its cost of funding 
may also be adversely affected. 
In common with other banks in the United Arab Emirates, many of CBD's liabilities are demand and time 
deposits, whereas it has medium and long-term assets (such as loans and mortgages).   
The effects of COVID-19 on the liquidity and funding risk profile of the global banking system and UAE 
banking system continue to evolve and remain under evaluation by governments globally as they work towards 
providing relief and mitigants to the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The key risks on the UAE 
banking system include: 
• 
sustained periods of low oil prices combined with drastically lower economic output which may lead 
to constraints on the UAE banking sector's funding capabilities and liquidity management; 
• 
potential increases in the cost of funds due to reduced deposit inflows from the general public and 
government entities; and 
• 
weak credit outlook that may have a negative impact on lending,d which may further contribute to a 
slowdown in economic growth. 
The UAE Central Bank announced an AED 256 billion stimulus package in March 2020 in an attempt to mitigate 
the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and ease the liquidity constraints in the UAE banking 
sector, by providing relief to the local economy which includes the launch of the Targeted Economic Support 
Scheme ("TESS") (for more information see "Financial Review – Significant factors affecting results of 
operation – The impact of COVID-19 outbreak").  
The TESS allows banks to grant temporary relief to certain customers by deferring payments, and allowing 
banks to apply for zero-cost funding from the Central Bank until 30 June 2022. The TESS deferrals shall be 
gradually phased-out until 31 December 2021. During this period, banks may avail up to 50 per cent.  of the 
earmarked fund for the TESS deferrals as of 30 September 2021 and 0 per cent. as of 31 December 2021. One 
of the measure introduced under the TESS is an AED 50 billion zero cost funding facility against eligible 
collateral which can be accessed by UAE banks. Under this facility, CBD is able to borrow funds from the UAE 
Central Bank at a zero per cent. interest rate and is expected to pass on the benefits of this funding to eligible 
customers. Out of the UAE Central Bank's total funding program of AED 50 billion, an amount of AED 2.35 
billion was earmarked for the Bank and was fully utilised in the six month period ended 30 June 2020. The 
benefit of this was passed on to customers in the form of payment reliefs. On 5 November 2020, the Bank fully 
paid back the facility. In addition to the above, other relief measures granted by the UAE Central Bank under 
the TESS include a reduction in the minimum LCR requirement from 100 per cent. to 70 per cent. and allowing 
UAE banks to tap into the capital conservation buffer up to a maximum of 60 per cent. without supervisory 
consequences. If a substantial portion of CBD's depositors withdraw their demand deposits or do not roll over 
their time deposits upon maturity or CBD fails to refinance some of its large short medium-term borrowings, 
CBD may need to access more expensive sources to meet its funding requirements.  No assurance can be given 
that CBD will be able to obtain additional funding on commercially reasonable terms as and when required, or 
at all. 
CBD is subject to risks associated with its hedging, treasury operations and investment securities portfolio, 
including potential negative fair value adjustments 
CBD engages in hedging transactions in the ordinary course of its operations to, for example, limit the potential 
adverse effect of interest rate or exchange rate fluctuations. However, CBD does not hedge all of its risk 
exposure and cannot guarantee that its hedging strategies will be successful due to factors such as behavioural 
risk, unforeseen volatility in interest rates or decreasing credit quality of hedge counterparties in times of market

--- Page 21 ---
7 
 
 
 
dislocation. If CBD's hedging strategies are not adequate, CBD may be required to record negative fair value 
adjustments. Losses from the fair value of financial assets could have a material adverse effect on CBD's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Through its Treasury and Investment operations, CBD holds liquid asset portfolios for its own account, exposing 
CBD to interest rate risk, basis risk and credit spread risk. Under volatile market conditions, the fair value of 
CBD's liquid asset portfolios could decrease and cause CBD to record mark-to-market losses. As at 31 March 
2021, CBD held investment securities of AED 11.38 billion, compared to AED 5.26 billion as at 31 
December 2020 and AED 5.6 billion as at 31 December 2019, comprising investments issued by corporates and 
financial institutions. Despite the conservative nature of its investment securities portfolio, there can be no 
guarantee that the value of CBD's investment securities portfolio will not decrease. In a distressed economic or 
market environment, the fair value of certain of CBD's holdings and exposures may be volatile and more 
difficult to estimate because of market illiquidity. Valuations in future periods, reflecting then prevailing market 
conditions, may result in significant negative changes in the fair value of CBD's exposures and holdings. 
A significant increase in impairment allowances could have an adverse effect on CBD 
IFRS 9 was introduced for financial reporting periods commencing on 1 January 2018, replacing IAS39 
Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. IFRS 9 introduced an 'expected credit loss' model for the 
measurement of the impairment of financial assets, such that it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have 
occurred before a credit loss is recognised. 
Any of a mandatory change to CBD's impairment calculation models imposed as a result of further accounting 
standards or regulatory changes, or any significant increase in impairment allowances for loan losses or a 
significant change in CBD's estimate of the risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non-impaired loans and 
advances to customers, as well as the occurrence of loan losses in excess of the impairment allowances allocated 
with respect thereto, may have an adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Concentration of credit risk could increase CBD's potential for losses 
CBD's loan portfolio is concentrated, geographically, in the UAE, where certain sectors (including the real estate 
sector) and certain regions (including Dubai) have been more significantly affected than others by the global 
financial crisis that commenced in early 2008. See "– Economic, Political and Related Considerations". 
CBD's net loans and advances and Islamic financing constituted 67.9 per cent. of its total assets, or AED 69.6 
billion as at 31 March 2021, compared to 67 per cent. or AED 65.3 billion, as at 31 December 2020. CBD's loan 
portfolio is concentrated in particular economic sectors. As at 31 March 2021, the real estate sector accounted 
for 33 per cent. of CBD's total gross loans and advances and Islamic financing while financial and insurance 
activities accounted for 8.1 per cent and the trade sectors accounted for 10.5 per cent. 
Approximately 96 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing were located in the UAE 
as at 31 December 2020, with 0.95 per cent. located in Asia, and the remaining located in other regions. CBD's 
20 largest loans and advances and Islamic financing customers 18.2 per cent. of CBD's total funded exposures 
as at 31 December 2020. 
As a result of the concentration of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing in the UAE, any 
deterioration in general economic conditions in the UAE or any failure of CBD to manage its risk concentrations 
effectively could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
Information Technology and Cybersecurity 
CBD relies heavily upon its information technology systems ("IT") and operations infrastructure to conduct its 
business. CBD continued to implement its ‘Default Digital’ strategy, allowing the Bank to deliver more than 75 
transformation projects and 235 significant enhancements to existing platforms through 2020 (for more 
information, see "Business Description – Information Technology"). Alongside the traditional transaction-
focused systems supporting CBD's vertical banking capabilities, CBD's technology assets have been enhanced

--- Page 22 ---
8 
 
 
 
with intelligent process management, customer relationship management, digital banking platforms and data 
analytics.  CBD faced significant challenges during 2020 due to COVID-19 and CBD was able to address these 
without any  disruptions to customer services. The Bank was able to accelerate digital transformation thereby 
meeting increased customer expectations and enabling employees to work remotely. Any failure or breach in 
the security of IT systems could result in failures or interruptions in CBD's risk management, general ledger, 
deposit servicing, loan organisation and/or other important systems. If CBD's information technology systems 
failed, even for a short period of time, then it could be unable to serve some or all of its customers' needs on a 
timely basis which could result in loss of business. In addition, a temporary shutdown of CBD's information 
technology systems could result in costs that are required for information retrieval and verification. CBD has 
developed business continuity plans, however no assurance can be given that failures or interruptions will not 
occur or that CBD will be able to address them adequately if they do occur. 
In common with other financial institutions, cyber-security has become an increasingly important consideration. 
The quantity of sensitive financial and personal identifiable information stored by financial institutions globally 
makes them potential targets of cyber-attacks. In common with other financial institutions, CBD recognises the 
need to protect itself from the threat to security of its information and customer data from cyber-attacks, and 
CBD takes appropriate steps on an ongoing basis to combat such threats and minimise such risks by 
implementing cyber-security controls. However, risks to technology and information systems change rapidly 
and require continued focus and investment, and given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential 
cyber-attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security. Failure to adequately 
manage cyber-security risk could adversely affect CBD's reputation, business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The occurrence of any failures of, or interruptions in, CBD's information technology systems and operations 
infrastructure, or a failure to adequately manage cyber-security risks, could have a material adverse effect on 
CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
CBD's risk management framework and policies and internal controls may not be effective 
Management of standard banking risks requires substantial resources. Although CBD's management believes 
that CBD's IT and management information systems, policies and procedures are adequate for the purposes of 
measuring, monitoring and managing CBD's exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate, foreign exchange and 
other market risks in the context of its existing business, as CBD's business continues to grow and develop, 
CBD's risk profiles are likely to change. Management continually assesses its risk management infrastructure 
and resources and CBD has made considerable investments in information technology. In the event that CBD's 
risk management systems are not developed in line with the growth in CBD's business and related shifts in its 
risk exposures, this could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
CBD's risk management processes may not be fully effective or consistently implemented in mitigating its 
exposure in all market environments or all types of risk that are unidentified or unanticipated. Some of CBD's 
methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical market behaviour and stress scenarios. As 
evidenced by the global financial crisis, these methods may not always predict future risk exposures which 
could be significantly higher or lower than historical measures or stress scenarios indicate. Any material 
deficiency in CBD's risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may expose it to 
significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on 
CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is the risk arising from inadequate or ineffective internal controls, including the risk of losses 
resulting from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal 
authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, systems and 
equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external systems (for example, those of CBD's 
counterparties or vendors). CBD has established a series of policies and procedures to identify, assess, monitor, 
manage and report operational risks.

--- Page 23 ---
9 
 
 
 
CBD will, when appropriate, insure itself against operational risks. Notwithstanding insurance against 
operational risks, CBD might nonetheless be subject to losses arising from operational risk as a result of 
inadequate insurance coverage and delays in claim settlement. 
Although CBD has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation strategies, and substantial resources are 
devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, it is not possible to eliminate entirely each of 
the operational risks. CBD therefore remains exposed to operational risk that could have a material adverse 
effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
CBD faces risks from competition 
CBD faces competition in all of its business areas from locally incorporated and foreign banks (Islamic banks 
and conventional banks). According to data published by the UAE Central Bank, there were a total of 48 banks 
(21 locally incorporated banks and 27 foreign banks) licensed to operate in the UAE as at 31 March 2021 
(excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre (the "DIFC")) (source: UAE Central Bank). CBD's key 
competitors are primarily UAE banks such as Emirates NBD, Mashreq Bank, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C., and the National Bank of Ras Al Khaimah, as well as international banks such 
as Citibank and HSBC. 
The UAE market, historically overbanked, is increasingly characterised by the consolidation of small and 
medium-sized locally-incorporated banks. Specifically, mergers between National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First 
Gulf Bank, which was consummated on 30 March 2017, and Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, Union National 
Bank and Al Hilal Bank, which was consummated on 1 May 2019, could stimulate further moves towards 
greater consolidation amongst UAE banks. Such mergers could in turn affect CBD's competitive environment, 
with a small number of large, locally-incorporated banks competing for large regional financing transactions 
with foreign banks, which have traditionally benefitted from more developed infrastructure and resources with 
which to absorb capital costs, such as information technology systems development. 
As at 31 March 2021, CBD had 4.2 per cent. (compared to 3.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) of the UAE 
market share in terms of loans and advances and 3.8 per cent. (compared to 3.7 per cent. as at 31 December 
2020) of the UAE market share in terms of customer deposits (source: UAE Central Bank Monthly Banking 
Indicators). 
The banking market in the UAE has generally been a relatively protected market with high regulatory and other 
barriers to entry for foreign financial institutions. However, should some of these barriers be removed or eased 
in the future, either voluntarily or as a result of the UAE's obligations to the World Trade Organisation (the 
"WTO"), the GCC or any other similar entities, it is likely to lead to a more competitive environment for CBD 
and other domestic financial institutions. For further information on the UAE's membership of the WTO, see 
"The United Arab Emirates Banking and Regulation Sector". In the event of increased competition and/or 
limited new business opportunities, CBD may face difficulties due to shrinking interest margins. This could 
have an adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects and thereby 
affect its ability to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Ownership 
The Government of Dubai, through its investment entity the Investment Corporation of Dubai ("ICD"), owns 
20 per cent. of the issued share capital of CBD. Neither the Government of Dubai nor the ICD have any legal 
obligations to provide additional funding for CBD's future operations. There can be no assurance, further, that 
CBD's shareholders will continue to maintain the existing levels of their ownership of the shares of CBD. CBD 
may not receive future support from the Dubai or UAE federal governments or it may not receive future support 
that is commensurate with support it has received in the past. At CBD's annual general meeting held on 11 
March 2020, the Bank's shareholders approved allowing non-UAE nationals to acquire up to 40 per cent. of the 
Bank's share capital, subject to obtaining the necessary approval of the regulatory authorities. On 14 June 2020, 
all such regulatory formalities were completed and, since then, non-UAE nationals have been allowed to acquire 
the Bank's shares. 
Risks related to CBD's Dependence on Key Personnel

--- Page 24 ---
10 
 
 
 
Revenues of CBD will depend, in part, on CBD's ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified and 
skilled personnel. CBD relies on its senior management for the implementation of its strategy and its day-to-
day operations. There is competition in the UAE for skilled personnel, especially at the senior management 
level, due to a low number of available qualified and/or experienced individuals compared to current demand. 
Although CBD has a long term service incentive scheme, pursues a policy of succession planning and conducts 
a "Leadership Program" and other initiatives for its senior and middle managers to identify their potential to 
move into leadership roles and develop their mentoring and management skills, if CBD were unable to retain 
key members of its senior management and/or hire new qualified personnel in a timely manner, this could have 
a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The loss 
of any member of the senior management team may result in: (i) a loss of organisational focus; (ii) poor 
execution of operations; and (iii) an inability to identify and execute potential strategic initiatives. These adverse 
results could, amongst other things, reduce potential revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on 
CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
CBD's human resource policy is guided by the UAE federal policy on Emiratisation, promulgated by UAE 
Cabinet Decree number 3/10/267 of 2015, dated 25 October 2015 (the "Emiratisation Circular"). The 
Emiratisation Circular has introduced a scoring system which takes into account the employment and 
progression of Emirati employees in an organisation. The Emiratisation Circular does not set any upper limit at 
which the UAE federal government's policy supporting the recruitment of UAE nationals policy would no 
longer be applicable. While CBD continues to hire UAE nationals and is on track to meet its Emiratisation 
targets, if CBD is not able to achieve its targets for recruiting and progressing UAE nationals, it may be subject 
to penalties to be calculated in accordance with the Emiratisation Circular. 
Downgrade in Credit Ratings 
CBD's credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which CBD is able to obtain funding. Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate CBD and their ratings of its long-term debt are based on a number of factors, including capital 
adequacy levels, quality of earnings, credit exposure, the risk management framework and funding 
diversification. These parameters and their possible impact on CBD's credit rating are monitored closely and 
incorporated into its liquidity risk management and contingency planning considerations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CBD has been assigned long-term issuer ratings of Baa1 and A- by 
Moody's and Fitch, respectively. 
On 15 February 2021, Moody's Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("Moody's Singapore") reaffirmed the 
UAE's Aa2 Government bond and issuer ratings and assigned a stable outlook. A downgrade or potential 
downgrade of the UAE rating or a change in rating agency methodologies relating to systemic support provided 
by the UAE could also negatively affect the perception by rating agencies of CBD's rating. 
There can also be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain CBD's current ratings or outlooks or those 
of the UAE. A downgrade in CBD's credit rating or the credit rating of the UAE may limit CBD's ability to raise 
funding and increase its cost of borrowing, which could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each 
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
Anti-money Laundering, Anti-terrorism Financing and Related Regulations 
CBD is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering ("AML"), anti-terrorism financing laws and 
other regulations. These laws and regulations require CBD, amongst other things, to adopt and enforce "know 
your customer" ("KYC") policies and procedures and to report suspicious and large transactions to the 
applicable regulatory authorities. CBD has adopted KYC and AML policies and procedures and reviews them 
regularly in light of any relevant regulatory and market developments. For example, CBD's staff are required to 
attend KYC and AML training and are made aware of CBD's policies and procedures relating to these two 
issues. CBD has also appointed AML reporting officers who are responsible for policy development and 
awareness, the detection and reporting of suspicious transactions and responding to staff queries relating to 
AML issues. All cash transactions are closely monitored and suspicious transactions are reported to the relevant 
branch AML reporting officer and, if required, to the relevant business unit head and CBD's AML manager.

--- Page 25 ---
11 
 
 
 
To the extent CBD may fail to fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, the relevant UAE Government 
agencies to which it reports have the power and authority to impose fines and other penalties on CBD. In 
addition, CBD's business and reputation could suffer if customers use CBD for money laundering or illegal 
purposes. This could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
Regulatory Risks 
Impact of Regulatory Changes 
CBD is subject to the laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies of the UAE. These regulations may 
limit CBD's activities and changes in supervision and regulation could have a material adverse effect on CBD's 
business, the products or services offered, the value of its assets, and its financial condition. Fiscal or other 
policies which may materially adversely affect CBD's business, the value of its assets and its financial condition 
cannot be predicted and are beyond the control of CBD. 
Although CBD works closely with its regulators and continuously monitors the situation, future changes in 
regulatory, fiscal or other policies cannot be predicted and are beyond the control of CBD. For example, see 
"The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Capital Management". 
CBD performs an impact assessment as and when new regulations are forthcoming or are put in place. For 
example, CBD has performed an impact analysis prior to the implementation of IFRS 9 in January 2018. 
Similarly, CBD has performed an impact assessment prior to the implementation of VAT in January 2018. 
In August 2017, the UAE Ministry of Finance issued Federal Decree-Law No. (8) of 2017 on Value Added Tax 
("VAT") which took effect from 1 January 2018. Pursuant to this, a standard rate of 5 per cent. VAT was 
introduced on the value of most supply or import of goods and services. In addition, Federal Law No. (14) of 
2018 Regarding the Central Bank & Organization of Financial Institutions and Activities (the "2018 Federal 
Law") (Article 116) indicates that the UAE Central Bank shall establish a resolution framework for financial 
institutions, pursuant to which, in the case of a deficiency in an institution's financial position, the UAE Central 
Bank may take certain actions for the protection of the concerned institution and its depositors. These may 
include (without limitation) requesting a court to liquidate or declare bankrupt such institution, or prepare a plan 
for transfer of its assets and liabilities, in accordance with established laws. The timing and content for any such 
framework are uncertain. The exercise (or perceived likelihood of exercise) of any such action by the UAE 
Central Bank or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes and 
could lead to holders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
No assurance can be given that the UAE Government will not implement regulations or fiscal or monetary 
policies, including policies or new regulations or new legal interpretations of existing regulations relating to or 
affecting taxation, interest rates or exchange controls or otherwise take actions which could have a material 
adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks related to the UAE and the Middle East 
Majority of Business in the UAE 
CBD is a bank, headquartered in Dubai, UAE, which is primarily focused on the financial markets of the UAE. 
As at 31 December 2020, 91 per cent. of CBD's total assets were located within the UAE, including the majority 
of its loans and advances and Islamic financing, and CBD derives the majority of its customer deposits and 
Islamic customer deposits from within the UAE. As at 31 December 2020, approximately 87.4 per cent. of 
CBD's total liabilities were derived from UAE sources. As CBD has its operations and the majority of its assets 
located in the UAE, its business is and will continue to be affected by the economic, political and related 
conditions prevailing from time to time in the UAE and/or the Middle East generally (see "Economic, Political 
and Related Considerations"). 
Investors in emerging markets should also be aware that these markets are subject to greater risks than more 
developed markets, including in some cases significant economic, political and related risks. 
Economic, Political and Related Considerations

--- Page 26 ---
12 
 
 
 
The UAE has enjoyed economic growth and relative political stability in recent years. There can be no assurance 
that such growth or stability will continue. Moreover, while the UAE Government's policies have generally 
resulted in improved economic performance, there can be no assurance that such level of performance can be 
sustained. Because CBD is headquartered in Dubai, UAE and is primarily focused on the financial markets of 
the UAE, political and economic developments in or affecting the UAE and the Middle East could have a 
material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Economic Developments 
This is particularly so in light of significant adverse financial and economic conditions experienced worldwide 
commencing in early 2008. Since that time, there has been a slowdown or reversal of the high rates of growth 
that had been previously experienced by many countries within the GCC and the UAE, especially in Dubai. 
Consequently, certain sectors of the GCC economy that had benefitted from such high growth rates, such as 
financial institutions, could be adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and any future crisis. 
Along with other banks in the GCC region, CBD suffered a deterioration in its portfolio, principally manifested 
in the form of increases in non-performing loan levels, as a result of such adverse economic conditions. As a 
consequence of having its operations in the UAE, CBD's operations have been and may in the future be affected 
by economic developments impacting the UAE, in particular, the level of economic activity. 
While the UAE has seen significant economic growth since 2000, there is no assurance that such growth will 
continue particularly in light of significant adverse financial and economic conditions experienced worldwide 
which commenced in 2008 and more recently due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Since 2008, global credit 
markets, particularly in the United States and Europe, have experienced difficult conditions of varying intensity. 
These challenging market conditions have resulted at times in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of 
credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit and capital markets and there has been a slowdown or 
reversal of the high rates of growth that had been experienced by many countries within the GCC and the UAE. 
In addition, since late 2008, property and construction markets in the UAE and a number of other countries in 
the MENA region have been significantly adversely affected. Consequently, certain sectors of the GCC 
economy, such as real estate, construction and financial institutions, have been materially adversely affected by 
the crisis, in particular, due to the volatility of the price of oil. Moreover, while the UAE Government's policies 
have generally resulted in improved economic performance, there can be no assurance that such level of 
performance can be sustained or that the UAE Government will not implement regulations, fiscal or monetary 
policies, including policies, regulations, or new legal interpretations of existing regulations, relating to or 
affecting taxation, interest rates or exchange controls, or otherwise take actions which could have a material 
adverse effect on CBD's business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and thereby 
affect its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Like many economies in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") region, oil and gas and related industries, 
as well as the prices and production quantities of these commodities, play a prominent role in the UAE economy. 
According to data published by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), as at 31 December 
2019, the UAE had approximately 6.3 per cent. of the world's proven crude oil reserves (giving it the sixth 
largest oil reserves in the world) (source: OPEC Annual Statistical Bulletin 2020) while, according to 
preliminary data produced by the Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority (the FCSA), the 
hydrocarbon sector (mining, quarrying, oil and gas) accounted for 25.9 per cent. of the UAE's GDP in 2018 and 
crude oil revenues accounted for 36.1 per cent. of total public revenues in 2018. According to the OPEC website, 
the price of the OPEC Reference Basket has fluctuated significantly in recent years. Since July 2014, when the 
monthly average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel was U.S.$107.9, crude oil prices fell sharply by 
approximately 75 per cent. to a monthly average price of U.S.$26.5 in January 2016. Crude oil prices then 
recovered slightly, with the monthly average price being U.S.$66.48 per barrel in December 2019.  
However, the OPEC reference basket price fell in the first half of 2020. In early March 2020, OPEC officials 
proposed a plan to the members of OPEC and other non-OPEC member countries, including Russia, to cut 
global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three year partnership between OPEC 
and major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in 'OPEC plus' failing to extend the agreement of cutting 
2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. In March 2020, Saudi Arabia 
announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. In early April 2020, 'OPEC plus'

--- Page 27 ---
13 
 
 
 
announced that it had reached an agreement to cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day, however this action 
failed to support sufficiently the oil market with prices falling in the days following that announcement. As a 
result of the above factors and the COVID-19 pandemic weakening the demand for oil, the OPEC reference 
basket price fell significantly and in April 2020, the monthly OPEC reference basket price was U.S.$17.66. 
Furthermore, certain oil prices turned negative during April 2020 (with the West Texas Intermediate benchmark 
falling as low as minus U.S.$37.63 a barrel), as weakened demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic led 
to buyers being paid to take oil due to storage capacity concerns. Since April 2020, the monthly OPEC reference 
basket price has shown signs of recovery, albeit in a non-linear manner, and in October 2020, the monthly OPEC 
reference basket price was U.S.$40.08 and has since been steadily increasing to a monthly average of 
U.S.$63.25 as at April 2021. 
Prior to the oil price volatility seen to date in 2020, oil prices had been in a recovery phase following the fall in 
prices that started in 2014. Between July 2014 and January 2016, international crude oil prices declined 
dramatically (falling by approximately 75 per cent. from a high monthly average OPEC reference basket price 
per barrel of U.S.$107.89 in July 2014, to a monthly average price of U.S.$26.50 in January 2016). There was 
a partial correction in global crude oil prices through 2016 to 2018 (according to the OPEC website, the average 
price of the OPEC reference basket was approximately U.S.$40.76 per barrel for the year ended 31 December 
2016, approximately U.S.$52.43 per barrel for the year ended 31 December 2017, approximately U.S.$69.78 
per barrel for the year ended 31 December 2018 and approximately U.S.$64.04 per barrel for the year ended 31 
December 2019). The volatility in oil prices since 2014 has affected the economies of the oil-revenue dependent 
GCC states, with greater budget deficits, a decrease in fiscal revenues and consequent lower public spending 
seen between 2016 and 2018. Government fiscal deficits have resulted in weakened net asset positions, larger 
external financing needs and continued lower government spending. This has resulted in the downgrading, or 
placing on "creditwatch", of a number of GCC sovereigns including, particularly, the Kingdom of Bahrain and 
the Sultanate of Oman. 
Oil prices are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future in response to changes in many factors over which 
the Group has no control. Factors that may affect the price of oil include, but are not limited to: 
• 
the impact on global economic activity and energy demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
economic and political developments in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East; 
• 
global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for oil 
products; 
• 
the ability of members of OPEC and other crude oil producing nations to agree upon and maintain 
specified global production levels and prices; 
• 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions; 
• 
other actions taken by major crude oil producing or consuming countries; 
• 
prices and availability of alternative fuels, global economic and political conditions, prices and 
availability of new technologies using alternative fuels; and 
• 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
Additionally, in the UAE, the significant fiscal reforms implemented by the federal government in response to 
the low oil price environment since 2015 have had, and are expected to continue to have, a transformative effect 
on the UAE economy. The federal government has scaled back capital transfers to government-related entities, 
cut government investment, raised electricity and water tariffs and removed fuel subsidies. 
Political Developments 
CBD's business may be affected if there are geo-political events that prevent CBD from delivering its services. 
In particular, since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of countries in the MENA region, 
including Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, Oman, Iraq, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and Yemen. This unrest has

--- Page 28 ---
14 
 
 
 
ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and has given rise to increased political 
uncertainty across the region and, in certain cases, regime changes. Additionally, during 2014, a group operating 
in the name of the Islamic State of Iraq, commonly referred to as "ISIS", "ISIL" or "DAESH", has been 
mounting challenges against the governments and the population of Iraq and Syria. Regional governments are 
privy to the challenges created by ISIS and are working towards strengthening internal security and 
collaborating with other regional governments in the GCC. Further, the UAE, along with other Arab states, is 
currently participating in the Saudi Arabian led military intervention in Yemen which began in 2015 in response 
to requests for assistance from the Yemeni government. The UAE is also a member of another Saudi Arabian 
led military coalition formed in December 2015 to combat Islamic extremism and, in particular, Islamic State. 
These situations have caused significant disruption to the economies of affected countries and have had a 
destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices. There has also been an escalation of tension between Iran 
and a number of western governments in 2019 following the United States' withdrawal from the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action, including the attack on a number of oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz, the 
seizure of foreign-flagged oil tankers, the murder of Qassem Soleimani by the United States, missile strike by 
Iran on United States military bases in Iraq and the decision of Iran to resume uranium enrichment activities. A 
further deterioration, and possible conflict, between the United States and certain governments in the MENA 
region, such as Iran or Syria, has the potential to adversely affect regional security, as well as global oil and gas 
prices. Such a deterioration in relations, should it materialise, could adversely impact the UAE and broader 
regional security, potentially including the outbreak of a regional conflict. CBD does not have operations in any 
of these countries. It is not possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances such as, or similar to, 
a war or the impact of such occurrences and no assurance can be given that CBD would be able to sustain its 
current profit levels if such events or circumstances were to occur. A general downturn or sustained deterioration 
in the economy of the UAE, instability in certain sectors of the UAE or regional economy, or major political 
upheaval therein could have a material adverse effect on CBD's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
UAE Bankruptcy Law 
In the event of the insolvency of CBD, UAE bankruptcy law may adversely affect the ability of CBD to perform 
its obligations under the Notes issued by it. There is little precedent to predict how a claim on behalf of holders 
of the Notes against CBD would be resolved in the case of the insolvency of CBD (including the approach that 
would be adopted by a liquidator or analogous insolvency official in respect of any subordination agreed as a 
matter of contract between CBD and any of its creditors). 
There are limitations on the effectiveness of guarantees in the UAE and claims under the Guarantee may be 
required to be made within a prescribed period 
As described above, the UAE courts are unlikely to enforce an English judgment without re-examining the 
merits of the claim, including the validity of the obligations of the parties contained in the underlying 
documentation. If a Dubai court were to re-examine the merits of a claim made against the Guarantor for 
payment under the Guarantee, notwithstanding that the Guarantee is governed by English law, the UAE court 
may interpret the Guarantee in light of UAE law principles rather than English law principles. In order to enforce 
a guarantee under the laws of the UAE, the underlying debt obligation for which such guarantee has been granted 
may need to be proved before the UAE courts. In addition, under the laws of the UAE, the obligation of a 
guarantor is incidental to the obligations of the principal debtor, and the obligations of a guarantor will only be 
valid to the extent of the continuing obligations of the principal debtor (notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
included in the relevant guarantee). The laws of the UAE do not contemplate a guarantee by way of indemnity 
of the obligations of the debtor by the guarantor and instead contemplate a guarantee by way of suretyship. 
Accordingly, it is not possible to state with any certainty whether a guarantor could be obliged by the UAE 
courts to pay a greater sum than the debtor is obliged to pay or to perform an obligation that the debtor is not 
obligated to perform. Consequently, were a UAE court to re-examine the merits of a claim made against the 
Guarantor for payment under the Guarantee, if the Cayman Issuer’s obligation to make payment under its Notes 
cannot be proven to the satisfaction of the UAE court, the court may conclude that there is no obligation on the 
Guarantor to make payment in the full amount claimed under the Guarantee. Furthermore, notwithstanding that 
the Notes and the Guarantee are governed by English law, if a UAE court were to apply UAE law principles

--- Page 29 ---
15 
 
 
 
when assessing a claim in respect of the Guarantee, the Guarantor may be released from its obligations under 
the Guarantee if the relevant claim is not made within six months of payment becoming due under the Guarantee. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At any such time, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date for tax reasons 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred to 
in Condition 9 (Taxation) or if the Guarantor is unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the 
Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9 
(Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the outstanding Notes of such Tranche in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) of the Notes. 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor.  During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the Early Redemption Amount.  Potential investors should consider re-investment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time. 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date due to the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Redemption Event 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of a Regulatory Redemption Event, the Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, in accordance with the Conditions but without the 
consent of the Noteholders (as more particularly described in Condition 8.3 (Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons (Regulatory Call))).  In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position 
of such investor.  During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market 
value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the Regulatory Redemption Amount.  
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Changes to the Basel regulatory framework as implemented in the UAE may have an effect on the Subordinated 
Notes 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) has put forward a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks.  On 
16 December 2010 and on 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee issued the Basel III reforms (the “Basel III 
Reforms”), constituting guidance on the eligibility criteria for Tier I and Tier II capital instruments as part of a

--- Page 30 ---
16 
 
 
 
package of new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish 
minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions.  The implementation of the Basel III Reforms began on 
1 January 2013.  However, the requirements are subject to a series of transitional arrangements and will be 
phased in over a period of time.  The Basel Committee’s press release dated 13 January 2011 entitled “Minimum 
requirements to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability” (the “January 2011 Press Release”) 
included an additional Basel III requirement (the “Non-Viability Requirement”) as follows: 
“The terms and conditions of all non-common Tier I and Tier II instruments issued by an internationally active 
bank must have a provision that requires such instruments, at the option of the relevant authority, to either be 
written off or converted into common equity upon the occurrence of the trigger event unless: 
(a) 
the governing jurisdiction of the bank has in place laws that: 
(i) 
require such Tier I and Tier II instruments to be written off upon such event; or 
(ii) 
otherwise require such instruments to fully absorb losses before tax payers are exposed to loss; 
(b) 
a peer group review confirms that the jurisdiction conforms with clause (a); and 
(c) 
it is disclosed by the relevant regulator and by the issuing bank, in issuance documents going forward, 
that such instruments are subject to loss under clause (a). 
The trigger event is the earlier of: (1) a decision that a write-off, without which the relevant bank would become 
non-viable, is necessary, as determined by the relevant authority; and (2) the decision to make a public sector 
injection of capital, or equivalent support, without which the relevant bank would have become non-viable, as 
determined by the relevant authority.”  This definition is for illustrative purposes only and may not necessarily 
reflect the meaning ascribed to the term “Non-Viability Event” (or any term equivalent thereto) pursuant to any 
law or regulation implementing Basel III in the UAE. 
The January 2011 Press Release states that instruments issued after 1 January 2013 must meet the Non-Viability 
Requirement in order to be recognised as Tier I or Tier II instruments for regulatory capital purposes.  The 
recognition of instruments issued before 1 January 2013 which do not meet these requirements will be phased 
out from 1 January 2013. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no official proposal for a legislative implementation of 
the Non-Viability Requirement in the UAE.  In the absence of new UAE legislation, the terms and conditions 
of the Notes must provide for the Non-Viability Requirement in order to qualify as regulatory capital under 
Basel III contractually in the absence of a statutory loss absorption framework in the UAE. 
In May 2016, the UAE Central Bank published a draft consultation document entitled “Capital Adequacy 
Regulation” (the “Consultation Document”), detailing the Basel III requirements expected to be followed by 
banks operating in the UAE, once the applicable legislation has been implemented in the UAE.  In particular, 
the Consultation Document outlines the general quantitative requirements expected to be followed by UAE 
banks, with regards to Common Equity Tier I capital, Additional Tier I capital and Tier II capital (together, 
“Regulatory Capital”).  It also outlines, amongst other things, the Regulatory Capital ratios that UAE banks 
will be expected to follow and adhere to, the individual UAE bank minimum capital conservation standards and 
the required disclosure standards expected to be made available by UAE banks with respect to Regulatory 
Capital. 
On 23 February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the “Regulations re Capital Adequacy” (the 
“February 2017 Regulations”) in the Official Gazette issue 612, which are effective from 1 February 2017.  
The February 2017 Regulations are intended to ensure that the capital adequacy of all banks operating in the 
UAE is in line with the Basel III requirements, whilst implementing the measures contained in the Consultation 
Document.  The February 2017 Regulations are supported by accompanying standards including the Standard 
for Capital Adequacy of Banks in the UAE issued on 7 January 2020 (the “Accompanying Standards”) which 
elaborate on the supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank with respect to the relevant Basel III capital 
adequacy requirements and how they will be applied by the UAE Central Bank to banks in the UAE. This 
impacts the capital requirements of UAE banks, including CBD. Any failure by CBD to maintain required

--- Page 31 ---
17 
 
 
 
regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which may have an adverse effect 
on CBD’S business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
As part of the UAE Central Bank’s gradual implementation of Basel III Reforms in the UAE, the UAE Central 
Bank has introduced the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) in a phased manner, setting an initial benchmark 
of 60 per cent. upon commencement of LCR compliance, increasing to 100 per cent. by 2019.  Additionally, 
the UAE Central Bank has introduced the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) in 2018.  NSFR is calculated as 
a percentage of available stable funding to required stable funding and should be maintained at a minimum of 
100 per cent. 
Banks which are classified as “Domestic Systematically Important Banks” (and informed as such by the UAE 
Central Bank) will be required to hold additional capital buffers as notified to it by the UAE Central Bank.  The 
Accompanying Standards also provide that the UAE Central Bank will publish a “Capital Issuance Standard” 
which will provide further clarity on the grandfathering treatment that the UAE Central Bank intends to apply 
to pre-existing Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments (as so classified under Basel II principles) issued by UAE 
financial institutions, including CBD.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, whilst CBD has not yet been 
publically designated a “Domestic Systematically Important Bank” by the UAE Central Bank, it may be in the 
future. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UAE has not implemented a law that would require loss absorbency 
for bank capital instruments on the occurrence of a Non-Viability Event.  While the February 2017 Regulations 
and the Accompanying Standards confirm that any capital instruments issued by UAE banks must contain a loss 
absorption feature on the occurrence of a Non-Viability Event in order to achieve Regulatory Capital 
classification from the UAE Central Bank, this loss absorption feature must be provided for contractually in the 
absence of a statutory loss absorption framework in the UAE as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  To the 
extent that the UAE introduces a statutory resolution regime to implement loss absorbency upon the occurrence 
of a Non-Viability Event, either through the writing off of the principal amount of the instruments or the 
conversion of such instruments into ordinary shares, it is unclear how such a regime will apply to banks in the 
UAE or how it may be interpreted within the UAE and whether and to what extent it will affect any Subordinated 
Notes issued from time to time under the Programme. 
The Accompanying Standards do not provide any additional clarity on the precise requirements of additional 
counter-cyclical or systemically important buffers which the UAE Central Bank may subsequently implement 
(though the Accompanying Standards do note that the UAE Central Bank expects to provide such clarity to 
UAE banks during 2018).  If the UAE Central Bank’s ultimate implementation of any such additional counter-
cyclical or systemically important buffers is not in accordance with the provisions set out in the February 2017 
Regulations and the Accompanying Standards, the regulatory burden on UAE financial institutions may further 
increase which could adversely impact their business. 
If further counter-cyclical or systemically important buffers are implemented by the UAE Central Bank in the 
form provided for in the February 2017 Regulations and the Accompanying Standards, it is possible that UAE 
financial institutions will be required to increase the levels of Regulatory Capital that they hold on their balance 
sheets. 
The Accompanying Standards also provide that the UAE Central Bank will publish a “Capital Issuance 
Standard” which will provide further clarity on the grandfathering treatment that the UAE Central Bank intends 
to apply to pre-existing Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments (as so classified under Basel II principles) issued by 
UAE financial institutions.  See “The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Capital 
Adequacy”. 
If the implementation by the UAE of Basel III or any other relevant laws, rules or guidelines gives rise to a 
Regulatory Redemption Event (as defined and more particularly described in Condition 8.3 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call))), in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call))without the consent 
of the Noteholders at any time after the applicable notice period to the Noteholders.  See “– The Subordinated 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Redemption 
Event”.

--- Page 32 ---
18 
 
 
 
To the extent that the UAE introduces a statutory resolution regime to implement loss absorbency upon the 
occurrence of a Non-Viability Event, either through the writing off of the principal amount of the instruments 
or the conversion of such instruments into ordinary shares, it is unclear how such a regime will apply to banks 
in the UAE or how it may be interpreted within the UAE and whether and to what extent it will affect any 
Subordinated Notes issued from time to time under the Programme. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including, without limitation, the London 
Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
to disappear entirely, or have consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Amongst other things, 
it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation.  Such changes could, amongst other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms (including those announced in relation to LIBOR and 
the application of any similar reforms to other “benchmarks”), or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
For example, on 27 July 2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates 
LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to 
submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. On 4 December 2020, IBA, 
the FCA-regulated and authorised administrator of LIBOR, published its consultation on its intention to cease 
the publication of various LIBOR settings, including proposing the cessation of (i) all GBP, EUR, CHF and 
JPY LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings after 31 December 2021 and

--- Page 33 ---
19 
 
 
 
(ii) the overnight and 1, 3, 6 and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings after 30 June 2023. On 5 March 2021, 
the FCA announced the dates on which the various LIBOR rates in respect of various currencies will either 
cease to be provided or cease to be representative of their underlying market, with such end-dates falling either 
on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023.  
 
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its 
working group on Sterling risk-free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative 
markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 
13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the Euro Short-Term Rate 
(“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of any benchmark, the transition of an existing benchmark to an alternative benchmark or a 
risk-free overnight rate or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in 
an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in 
Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii)  (Benchmark Replacement)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes 
linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-
back provisions applicable to such Notes set out in the Conditions.  Depending on the manner in which the rate 
of interest is to be determined under the Conditions, this may: (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon 
the provision by reference banks of offered quotations which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time; or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies and a Benchmark Event occurs, result 
in the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions) being set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (both as defined in the Conditions) which may be determined by an Independent Adviser (as 
defined in the Conditions) or the Issuer or lead to the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant benchmark was available, as further described below.  Any of 
the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes 
which reference a benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that the Principal Paying Agent is unable 
to make an ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, or in the event that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in the Conditions) occurs, including if an original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) and/or 
any page on which an original Reference Rate may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) is no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes 
by reference to such an original Reference Rate under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  Following a 
Benchmark Event, such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set, 
without any requirements for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate, in each case with the application of an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the 
Conditions), and may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the successor or 
replacement benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and following 
consultation with the Issuer, or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as 
applicable.  An Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended 
in relation to the replacement of the original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant

--- Page 34 ---
20 
 
 
 
Nominating Body (as defined in the Conditions) (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory 
authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Issuer) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser (following 
consultation with the Issuer) determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be.  
Accordingly, the use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant immediately following Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on 
the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the 
potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates such as SONIA, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, 
U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR over a designated term). 
The use of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing such rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market 
acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Programme from time to time. In addition, the manner of 
adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the 
application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors 
should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and

--- Page 35 ---
21 
 
 
 
derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
Risk-free rates differ from LIBOR and EURIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects, including (without limitation) by, in most cases, being backwards-looking, calculated on a 
compounded or weighted average basis and risk-free overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interbank offered rates and any 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, 
and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both 
of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-linked Notes or 
EURIBOR-linked Notes, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR become due and 
payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by 
reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable 
or are scheduled for redemption. 
The use of risk-free rates as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such risk-free rates. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading 
market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such risk-free 
rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of such Notes may be lower than those of subsequently issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, 
if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such 
Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely 
used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
The Bank of England, The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor) or the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of SONIA, SOFR and €STR respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, 
or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR (in which case a fallback method 
of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the

--- Page 36 ---
22 
 
 
 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The relevant Obligors’ obligations under Subordinated Notes and, where relevant, the Guarantee are 
subordinated and in the event that the relevant Obligor is not solvent at the time of payment, the entitlement of 
holders of Subordinated Notes to receive any amounts under the Subordinated Notes or, where relevant, the 
Guarantee could be affected 
The relevant Obligors’ obligations under Subordinated Notes and, where relevant, the Guarantee in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior 
Creditors (as defined below). 
Payments in respect of Subordinated Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) by the 
relevant Obligors are conditional upon: 
(a) 
the relevant Obligor being solvent (as defined below) at the time of such payment; and 
(b) 
the relevant Obligor being capable of making such payment and any other payment required to be made 
to a creditor in respect of indebtedness which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes or, where relevant, the Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes and still 
being solvent immediately thereafter. 
“Senior Creditors” means all creditors of the relevant Obligor, (including, in respect of CBD only, depositors 
of CBD) other than creditors in respect of indebtedness where, by the terms of such indebtedness, the claims of 
the holders of that indebtedness rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes; and “solvent” means, in respect of the relevant Obligor, as the case maybe, that 
(a) it is able to pay its debts as they fall due and (b) its Assets exceed its Liabilities (each as defined in 
Condition 3.2 (Status of the Guarantee in Respect of the Senior Notes)) (other than its Liabilities to persons who 
are not Senior Creditors).  If any of the relevant Obligors was wound up, liquidated or dissolved (or any other 
analogous action was taken), the liquidator (or analogous insolvency official) appointed in relation to such 
Obligor, would apply the assets of such Obligor to satisfy the Senior Creditors.  In such a situation, and if the 
condition as to solvency set out above is not satisfied the holders of the Subordinated Notes shall not be entitled 
to receive any amounts under the Subordinated Notes or, where relevant, the Guarantee. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated 
in Renminbi: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and outside 
the PRC and this may adversely affect the liquidity of Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present.  The government of the PRC (the “PRC Government”) continues 
to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly 
over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine 
foreign exchange transactions.  These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the settlement of capital 
account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, 
or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject 
to a strict monitoring system.  Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement 
of capital account items are being developed. 
Although on 1 October 2016, the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the IMF, 
there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of

--- Page 37 ---
23 
 
 
 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC.  In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC 
and the ability of the relevant Obligor to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes denominated 
in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Notes 
denominated in Renminbi and the relevant Obligors’ ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such 
Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”) has established Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms 
for participating banks in various countries, through settlement agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business 
(the “Settlement Agreements”) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, a 
“Renminbi Clearing Bank”), the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is 
limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross- 
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises.  Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC.  The 
Renminbi Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions, and are not obliged to square 
for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services.  In such cases, the Renminbi Clearing Banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to 
square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of Notes denominated in Renminbi.  
To the extent the relevant Obligor is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Notes denominated 
in Renminbi, there is no assurance that the relevant Obligor will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
An investment in Notes denominated in Renminbi is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors.  
In August 2015, the PBOC implemented changes to the way it calculates the midpoint against the U.S. Dollar 
to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint.  This change, amongst others 
that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies.  All 
payments of interest and principal with respect to Notes denominated in Renminbi will be made in Renminbi 
unless otherwise specified.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar or other foreign 
currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of an investment in Notes denominated 
in Renminbi in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
An investment in Notes denominated in Renminbi is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility.  Notes denominated in Renminbi may carry a fixed interest 
rate.  Consequently, the trading price of such Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates.  If a 
holder of Notes denominated in Renminbi tries to sell such Notes before their maturity, they may receive an 
offer that is less than the amount invested.

--- Page 38 ---
24 
 
 
 
Payments for Notes denominated in Renminbi will only be made to investors in the manner specified for such 
Notes in the Conditions 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement 
system for participating banks in the RMB Settlement Centre(s) (as defined below).  Except in the limited 
circumstances stipulated in Condition 7.8 (RMB Currency Even) (as set out in the RMB provisions below), all 
Renminbi payments to investors in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi will be made solely: (i) for so 
long as such Notes are represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, a Permanent Bearer Global Note or a 
Registered Global Note held with the common depositary, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or those of such alternative 
clearing system; or (ii) for so long as such Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than as described in the 
Conditions, the relevant Obligors cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any 
other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. 
Gains on the transfer of Notes denominated in Renminbi may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax 
laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing 
rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Notes denominated in Renminbi by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax (“EIT”) or PRC 
individual income tax (“IIT”) if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC.  The 
PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the gains derived by such non-PRC 
resident enterprise or individual Noteholder from the transfer of Notes denominated in Renminbi but its 
implementation rules have reduced the enterprise income tax rate to 10 per cent.  The PRC Individual Income 
Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the gains derived by such non-PRC resident or individual 
Noteholder from the transfer of Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Notes denominated in 
Renminbi by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources 
within the PRC and become subject to the EIT or IIT.  This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules.  According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double 
taxation, Noteholders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Noteholders and individual 
Noteholders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if non-PRC enterprise or individual resident holders are required to pay PRC income tax on gains 
derived from the transfer of Notes denominated in Renminbi, unless there is an applicable tax treaty between 
PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual resident holders of Notes denominated 
in Renminbi reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi may be materially and adversely affected. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 39 ---
25 
 
 
 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples:  definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Obligors will pay principal and interest on the Notes or, where relevant, under the Guarantee in 
the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s Currency- equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Obligors to make payments in respect 
of the Notes or, where relevant, under the Guarantee.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Obligors or the Notes.  
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any

--- Page 40 ---
26 
 
 
 
time.  Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending.  Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA or the FCA on their respective website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA or 
FCA list.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
General 
Enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in Dubai 
The payments under the Notes are dependent upon CBD, in its capacity as an Issuer or as the Guarantor in 
respect of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, making payments to investors in the manner contemplated under 
the Notes. If CBD fails to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action against CBD to enforce its obligations 
and/or to claim damages which could be both time-consuming and costly. 
CBD has irrevocably agreed to the Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee 
(each as defined in the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”)) and the Programme Agreement (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale”) being governed by English law. Unresolved disputes in relation to the Notes, the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and/or the Programme Agreement (as 
applicable) will, unless the option to litigate set out therein is exercised, be referred to arbitration under the 
LCIA Arbitration Rules with the seat of arbitration in London. In the event that such option to litigate set out 
therein is exercised, any dispute may also be referred to the courts of England (or another court of competent 
jurisdiction as the relevant party may elect). Notwithstanding that an arbitral award may be obtained from an 
arbitral tribunal in London or that a judgment may be obtained in an English court there is no assurance that 
CBD has or would at the relevant time have assets in the United Kingdom against which such arbitral award or 
judgment could be enforced. CBD is a UAE company and is incorporated in and has its operations and the 
majority of its assets located in the UAE. To the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the 
UAE, it should be borne in mind that there is limited scope for self help remedies under UAE law and that 
generally enforcement of remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
Under current Dubai law, the Dubai courts are unlikely to enforce an English court judgment without re- 
examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the choice by the parties of English law as the governing 
law of the transaction. In the UAE, foreign law is required to be established as a question of fact and the 
interpretation of English law, by a court in the UAE, may not accord with the interpretation of an English court. 
In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if they are satisfied that an appropriate 
connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen. They 
will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is contrary to public policy, order or morals in 
the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the UAE.

--- Page 41 ---
27 
 
 
 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in Dubai have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, court decisions in Dubai are generally not recorded. These factors create greater judicial 
uncertainty than would be expected in other jurisdictions. 
The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Arbitral Awards 1958 (the “New York 
Convention”) entered into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006.  Any arbitration award rendered in London 
should therefore be enforceable in Dubai in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention.  Under the 
New York Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless 
the party opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to 
refuse enforcement, or the Dubai courts found that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement 
by arbitration or enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE.  There have been limited 
instances where the UAE courts, most notably the Fujairah Court of First Instance and the Dubai Court of 
Cassation, have ratified or ordered the recognition and enforcement of foreign arbitration awards under the New 
York Convention.  It should be noted that only the Dubai Court of Cassation was a final decision.  The 
uncertainty regarding the interpretation and application of the New York Convention provisions by the courts 
is further reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the independent 
existence of different Emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems, whose rulings may have no 
more that persuasive force within other Emirates.  There is therefore no guarantee that the Dubai courts will 
take the same approach in similar proceedings in the future.  Although there are examples of foreign arbitral 
awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases where the enforcement 
of foreign arbitral awards have been refused, with, for example, the relevant judge confusing the requirements 
for the enforcement of domestic awards with the requirements for the enforcement of foreign awards under the 
UAE Federal Law No. 1 of 1992 as amended, or ignoring the provisions of Article 238 of the Civil Procedure 
Law.  Article 238 provides that Articles 235 to 237 (which deal with enforcement of foreign judgments, orders 
and instruments and which contain onerous requirements which must be satisfied before enforcement will be 
considered by the Dubai courts) apply only in the absence of multilateral or bilateral conventions such as the 
New York Convention.  Therefore, there remains a risk that when faced with an action for enforcement of a 
foreign arbitration award under the New York Convention the Dubai courts might continue to ignore Article 238 
of the Civil Procedure Law and instead apply Articles 235 to 237.  If Article 238 is ignored, there is a risk that 
a foreign arbitration award will be refused enforcement by the Dubai courts. 
Under the Conditions, any dispute relating to the Notes may also be referred to the courts in England or the 
Courts in the Dubai International Financial Centre (the “DIFC”). 
The Dubai courts are unlikely to enforce an English judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and 
may not observe the choice by the parties of English law as the governing law of the Notes.  In addition, even 
if English law is accepted as the governing law, this will only be applied to the extent that it is compatible with 
the laws of Dubai, UAE law and public policy.  This may mean that the Dubai courts may seek to interpret 
English law governed documents as if governed by UAE law and there can therefore be no certainty that in 
those circumstances the Dubai courts would give effect to such documents in the same manner as the parties 
may intend. 
Dubai Law no. 16 of 2011 on Amending Some Provisions of Law No. 12 of 2004 Concerning the Dubai 
International Financial Centre Courts (“Law No. 16 of 2011”) came into force in Dubai on 31 October 2011 
and extended the jurisdiction of the DIFC courts to include all civil and commercial disputes where the parties 
to the relevant dispute have expressly agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the DIFC courts, even where such 
parties are unconnected to the DIFC.  Under Article 7 of Law No. 16 of 2011, any final and unappealable 
judgment, order or award made by the DIFC courts must, upon application to the Dubai Court of Execution, be 
enforced without that court being able to reconsider the merits of the case.  As a result, and as any dispute under 
the Conditions may also be referred to the DIFC courts as aforesaid, the DIFC courts should recognise the choice 
of English law as the governing law of the Notes, and any final and unappealable judgment of the DIFC courts 
in connection therewith should be enforced by the Dubai courts without reconsidering the merits of the case.  
Investors should note however that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Law No. 16 of 2011 remains relatively 
new and largely untested and there is therefore no certainty as to how the DIFC courts intend to exercise their 
jurisdiction under the law should any party dispute the right of the DIFC courts to hear a particular dispute

--- Page 42 ---
28 
 
 
 
where any party is unconnected to the DIFC, nor is there any certainty that the Dubai Courts of Execution will 
enforce the judgement of the DIFC court without reconsidering the merits of the case. 
As the UAE judicial system is based on a civil code, judicial precedents in the UAE have no binding effect on 
subsequent decisions.  In addition, there is no formal system of reporting court decisions in the United Arab 
Emirates.  These factors create greater judicial uncertainty.

--- Page 43 ---
29 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CBI shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the independent auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 of CBD (https://www.cbd.ae/docs/librariesprovider2/financial-
results/financial-statements-31-december-2019.pdf) including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular:  
Report of the independent auditors ...............................................................................  Pages 2 -8 
Consolidated statement of financial position ................................................................  Page 9 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss ........................................................................  Page 10 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss or other comprehensive income ....................  Page 11 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity  ...............................................................  Page 12 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ...........................................................................  Page 13 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..............................................................  Pages 14 - 
90 
(b) 
the independent auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 of CBD (https://www.cbd.ae/docs/librariesprovider2/financial-
results/cbd-financial-statements-31-december-2020-
englishea471fff458f66deb8c5ff0b00b6b24a.pdf?Status=Temp&sfvrsn=58c8796b_2) including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Report of the independent auditors ...............................................................................  Pages 2-8 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position ................................................................  Page 9 
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss ........................................................................  Page 10  
 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income ..................  Page 11 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ................................................................  Page 12 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ...........................................................................  Page 13 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..............................................................  Pages 14 - 
99 
 
 (c) 
the independent auditors’ report and unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as 
at 
and 
for 
the 
three 
month 
period 
ended 
31 March 2021 
of 
CBD 
(https://www.cbd.ae/docs/librariesprovider2/financial-results/cbd-financial-statements-q1-
2021.pdf?Status=Temp&sfvrsn=f81d796b_2) including the information set out at the following pages 
in particular: 
Independent auditors’ report on review of consolidated interim financial information  Pages 1 - 2 
 
Consolidated interim statement of financial position ....................................................  Page 3 
 
Consolidated interim statement of profit or loss ...........................................................  Page 4 
 
Consolidated interim statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income ......  Page 5 
 
Consolidated interim statement of changes in equity ....................................................  Page 6 
 
Consolidated interim statement of cash flows ...............................................................  Page 7 
 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements ...............................  
Pages 8 – 
40 
 
All the information incorporated by reference in this subparagraph (a) can be found at 
https://www.cbd.ae/wholesale/about-cbd/financials-and-investor-relations/financial-results. 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above is 
considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by 
the relevant Annexes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such

--- Page 44 ---
30 
 
 
 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of CBD and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
31 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus.  Any decision by any investor 
to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole.  This overview 
does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms.  The relevant Obligors and any relevant Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
listed Notes only and if appropriate, a supplemental Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, “Description 
of the Cayman Issuer” and “Description of CBD” shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
“Issuers“ .................................  CBD (Cayman) Limited 
(Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 6354001ANEED7OVAYU98) 
Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C. 
(Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 2138002DQL2YD4S8HE87) 
“Guarantor in respect of 
Notes issued by CBD 
(Cayman) limited“ .................  Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C. 
“Risk Factors“ ........................  There are certain factors that may affect the Cayman Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued by it under the Programme and 
CBD’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it and the 
Guarantee.  These are set out under “Risk Factors”.  In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
“Description“ ..........................  Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
“Arrangers“ ............................  HSBC Bank plc and Standard Chartered Bank. 
“Dealers“ ................................   
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
BNP Paribas  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. 
HSBC Bank plc 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Nomura International plc 
Standard Chartered Bank 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement.

--- Page 46 ---
32 
 
 
“Certain Restrictions“ ...........  Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
“Subscription and Sale” 
“Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent“ ........................  
Citibank N.A., London Branch. 
“Registrar“ .............................  Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
“Programme Size“ .................  Up to U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time.  The 
Obligors may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Distribution“.........................  Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non- syndicated basis. 
“Currencies“...........................  Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Redenomination“ .................  The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro.  The relevant provisions applicable to any such 
redenomination are contained in Condition 5 (Redenomination). 
“Maturities“ ...........................  The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant 
Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Obligors or the relevant Specified Currency. 
“Issue Price“ ...........................  Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
“Form of Notes“ .....................  The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in “Form 
of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes 
and vice versa. 
“Fixed Rate Notes“ ................  Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 47 ---
33 
 
 
“Floating Rate Notes“ ............  Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (each as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (the “ISDA”), and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to any Floating Rate Notes will be agreed 
between the relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s), will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant 
Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Reset Notes“..........................  Reset Notes will bear interest: 
(a) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there 
is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after 
the Interest Commencement Date), at the rate per annum equal to 
the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, each successive Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per 
annum as is equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, as 
determined by the Principle Paying Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date in accordance with Condition 6.3(a) (Interest 
on Reset Notes), 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
“Zero Coupon Notes“ ............  Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
“Benchmark 
Discontinuation“ ....................  
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) be 
permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) 
with a successor, replacement or alternative benchmark and/or screen rate 
(with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or 
zero)).  See Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) 
(Terms and Conditions – Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark 
Replacement) for further information. 
“Redemption“.........................

--- Page 48 ---
34 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the relevant Obligors, as the case may be, on 
a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices 
and on such other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Obligors 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
“Denomination of Notes“ ......  Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II and/or that are to be offered to the public in a 
Member State in circumstances that would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation will be: 
(a) such minimum amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any applicable laws 
and (b) equal to or greater than €100,000, and only in accordance with the 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
“Taxation“ ..............................  All payments in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction, as provided in Condition 9 (Taxation).  In the event 
that any such withholding or deduction is made, the relevant Obligors will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 9 (Taxation), 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
“Negative Pledge“ ..................  The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
“Cross Default“ ......................  The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
“Status of the Senior Notes“ .  The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu amongst themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) 
of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
“Status of the Guarantee in 
respect of the Senior Notes 
issued by the Cayman 
Issuer“ .....................................  
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee in respect of Senior 
Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer will be direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, 
if any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
“Status and subordination of 
the Subordinated Notes“ .......  
Payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated as 
described in Condition 3.2 (Status of the Guarantee in respect of the Senior 
Notes).

--- Page 49 ---
35 
 
 
“Status of the Guarantee in 
respect of the Subordinated 
Notes issued by the Cayman 
Issuer“ .....................................  
The Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes issued by the Cayman 
Issuer is a direct, unsecured and subordinated obligation of the Guarantor.  
The rights and claims of the Noteholders against the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes issued by the Cayman 
Issuer will be subordinated as described in Condition 3.4 (Status of the 
Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes). 
“Rating“ ..................................  The Programme has been assigned senior unsecured ratings of P(Baa1) by 
Moody’s in connection with Notes issued by CBD and P(Baa1) by 
Moody’s in connection with Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer and A- 
long-term and F2 short-term by Fitch in connection with Notes issued by 
CBD and A- long-term and F2 short-term by Fitch in connection with 
Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer. The “P(Baa1)” rating by Moody’s 
indicates that the Programme is medium-grade and subject to moderate 
credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics.  The 
“A-” rating by Fitch indicates that the Programme has very low default risk 
and has a strong capacity for payment of financial commitments which is 
not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. The “F2” rating by Fitch 
indicates that the Programme is of good short-term credit quality.  It has 
good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
“Listing and admission to 
trading“ ..................................  
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and for such Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Notes may be unlisted or may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on any market (including any unregulated or regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II) as may be agreed between the relevant Obligors 
and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue.  Notes which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued 
“Governing Law“ ...................  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
“Selling Restrictions“ ............  There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, Italy, 
Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC and Taiwan), the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial 
Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Cayman Islands, the Kingdom 
of Bahrain, Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), Malaysia and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
“United States Selling 
Restrictions“ ...........................  
Regulation S, Category 2.  TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached.  Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a 
“Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer global 
note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note”) which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”).  Whilst any Bearer Note is 
represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount 
payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against 
presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) 
to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has 
given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable either 
(a) upon notice or (b) only upon an Exchange Event.  Such designations mean that a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon either, in the case of (a) above, not less than 60 days’ 
written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or, in the 
case of (b) above, only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is 
continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal 
Paying Agent.

--- Page 51 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global and definitive Bearer Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than one year and on all interest coupons relating to such Bearer Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Notes interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any 
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a “Registered 
Global Note”).  Registered Global Notes will be deposited with the Common Depositary and registered in the 
name of its nominee.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, 
as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes 
in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.4 
(Payments in Respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of 
the relevant Obligors, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments in Respect of Registered Notes)) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if an 
Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such

--- Page 52 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Obligors and their agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global 
Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Obligors 
and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day.  At the same time, holders of 
interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account 
provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the 
“Deed of Covenant”) dated 14 June 2021 and executed by each of the Issuers.

--- Page 53 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of applicable Final Terms that, subject to any necessary amendment, will be completed 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLYTARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the current domestic law by virtue of the UK of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) 
("FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the current domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in

--- Page 54 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the 
“SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Singapore Monetary Authority (the 
MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16:  Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
[Date] 
[CBD (CAYMAN) LIMITED (Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 6354001ANEED7OVAYU98)] / 
[COMMERCIAL BANK OF DUBAI P.S.C. (Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 2138002DQL2YD4S8HE87)] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C.] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2021 [and the supplements] to it dated [insert date] [and [insert date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [, any 
supplements thereto] and these Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of Commercial 
Bank of Dubai P.S.C. at Al Ittihad Street, P.O. Box 2668, Dubai, United Arab Emirates during normal business 
hours and copies may be obtained from those offices and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.  
The Base Prospectus [, any supplements thereto] and these Final Terms have been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).]2 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2021.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 14 June 2021 [and the supplements to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus [, any supplements thereto] and these Final Terms have been published on 
[the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)].] 
                                                     
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (i) are being sold into Singapore; (ii) do not constitute prescribed 
capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
2 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 55 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[CBD (Cayman) Limited]/[Commercial Bank of Dubai 
P.S.C.] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[N/A]/[Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C.] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [24] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this 
means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made) 
(Note - For an issue in bearer form, where multiple 
denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are being 
used the following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  Note:  
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(N.B.  An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent.  Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[●] month LIBOR/EURIBOR/EIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/ 
SHIBOR/HIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/ 
TRLIBOR 
or 
TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/KLIBOR/TIBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW 
/JPYLIBOR/PRIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR] +/- [●] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15][17][18] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call] [only applicable to Subordinated 
Notes] 
[(see paragraphs [18] [19] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] Notes 
 
[(b)] 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
[(c)] 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes and Guarantee 
obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes or related Guarantee)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date] 
 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 57 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):(Applicable 
to Notes in definitive form) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
[(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon)] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (b) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Effective Interest Payment Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to 
redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date 
fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay only)] 
/[Not Applicable]3 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/EIBOR//€STR/ 
LIBID/LIMEAN/SHIBOR/HIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/ 
TRLIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/KLIBOR/T
IBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW /JPYLIBOR/PRIBOR] 
                                                     
3  
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 58 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period]/[First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first/second/third/[●]] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
each Interest Period (or immediately preceding such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Payment Date 
at the end of each Interest Period; provided that the 
Interest Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]]4 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily]/[Weighted 
Average]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation 
Shift]/[Payment 
Delay]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Look-back 
Period:  
[●]/[Not Applicable]5 
 
• 
D: 
[365]/[360]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date:  
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable – 
used for Payment Delay only]6/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a LIBOR, EURIBOR or EIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
                                                     
4  
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR. 
5  
The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period between the 
Interest Payment Date and the Interest Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable 
where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable". 
6  
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 59 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(d) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Reset Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate(s) and Relevant Finance 
Centre: 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond] 
Relevant Financial Centre:  [●] 
 
(g) 
Reset Margin: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time: 
[●] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●]

--- Page 60 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 8.2 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons): 
Minimum period:  [●] days 
Maximum period:  [●] days7 
19. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 8.3 
(Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
(Regulatory Call)): 
Minimum period:  [●] days 
Maximum period:  [●] days 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[●] [●] 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [●] days 
Maximum period:  [●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
                                                     
7 
When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a minimum of five clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 61 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [●] days 
Maximum period:  [●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons, 
regulatory reasons or on event of default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]] 
[Registered Notes: 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect:  
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].”  Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes) 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 62 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 15(c) 
relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No.] 
27. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
28. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Relevant Currency for Condition 7.8 
(RMB Currency Event): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
30. 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Pages for 
Condition 7.8 (RMB Currency Event): 
(i) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Deliverable 
Basis):  [●] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Non- 
deliverable Basis):  [●] [Not Applicable] 
(For U.S. dollars, use Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY 
and Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF, respectively.) 
31. 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot 
Rate for Condition 7.8 (RMB Currency 
Event): 
[give name (the “Calculation Agent”)][Not Applicable] 
32. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears] / [does not 
appear]] [repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor 
By:   ....................................................................... 
By:   ........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 63 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market and the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin) with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market and the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin) with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated] [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
[Each of [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms] 
is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”)] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the European Union and is not registered 
under the CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union but is certified under 
the CRA Regulation.]A rating is not a recommendation 
by any rating organisation to buy, sell or hold Notes and 
maybe subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating organisation. 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)

--- Page 64 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealer] and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
[, the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive 
fees - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
INDICATION OF YIELD: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield. 
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/EIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from general financing 
purposes will need to include those reasons here.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
[FISN Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[include 
code]/[Not 
[Applicable/Available]]] 
 
(d) 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[include 
code]/[Not 
[Applicable/Available]]

--- Page 65 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(g) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 15 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on the 
[second] [business] day after the day on which it was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: [Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 66 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following, save for the paragraphs in italics, are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case 
only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer, 
and if the Issuer is CBD (Cayman) Limited, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, 
if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms 
and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the issuer (the “Issuer”) named in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
(the “Agency Agreement”, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time) dated 14 June 2021 and made between CBD (Cayman) Limited (the “Cayman Issuer”) as 
an issuer, Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C. (“CBD”) as an issuer and as guarantor of Notes issued by the 
Cayman Issuer (CBD in such capacity, the “Guarantor”), Citibank N.A., London Branch as issuing and 
principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the 
“Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (if any) (the “Transfer Agents”, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents) and Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes in bearer form have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”).  References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “Holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 67 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions 
or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
If the Issuer is the Cayman Issuer, the payment of all amounts in respect of this Note have been guaranteed by 
the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee (such deed of guarantee as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time) (the “Guarantee”) dated 14 June 2021 and executed by the Guarantor.  The original 
of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at 
its specified office. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such Deed of Covenant 
as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 14 June 
2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for 
Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and each of the Paying 
Agents and Transfer Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the “Agents”).  Copies 
of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of Commercial Bank of Dubai 
P.S.C. at Al Ittihad Street, P.O. Box 2668, Dubai, United Arab Emirates and of the Principal Paying Agent and 
copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”), the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of 
Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and 
the Deed of Covenant. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the 
denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a fixed rate note (“Fixed Rate Note”), a floating rate note (“Floating Rate Note”) 
or a zero coupon note (“Zero Coupon Note”), a reset note (“Reset Note”) or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a senior note (“Senior Note”) or a subordinated note (“Subordinated Note”) 
depending upon the Status specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required 
by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note, as the case may be, shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees 
of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form only in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules 
and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender 
the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing

--- Page 69 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent 
and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 7 to the Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will 
be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer 
shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
amongst themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee in respect of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3.2 (Status of the Guarantee in respect of the Senior Notes) only applies to Senior Notes 
issued by the Cayman Issuer. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee in respect of the Senior Notes are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor (and save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, conditional as described below and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu amongst themselves.

--- Page 70 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes (whether on account of 
principal, interest or otherwise) will be subordinated to all unsubordinated payment obligations of the 
Issuer in the manner described below but will rank pari passu with all other subordinated payment 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the 
payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes and in priority to all claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer.  The rights of the holders of Subordinated Notes against the Issuer are subordinated in right of 
payment to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer and accordingly payments in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) by the Issuer are conditional 
upon the Issuer being solvent at the time of such payment and no payment shall be payable by the Issuer 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes except to the extent that the Issuer could make such payment and 
any other payment required to be made to a creditor in respect of indebtedness which ranks or is 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes and still be solvent immediately thereafter. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Note.  No collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations under 
the Subordinated Notes and any collateral that may have been or may in the future be given in 
connection with other indebtedness of the Issuer shall not secure the Issuer’s payment obligations under 
the Subordinated Notes. 
For this purpose and as used in these Conditions: 
“Assets” shall mean the unconsolidated gross assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, as 
shown in the latest published audited balance sheet of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, but 
adjusted for subsequent events in such manner as the directors of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
applicable, the auditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, or (if a liquidator (or analogous 
insolvency official) has been appointed in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable,) a 
liquidator (or such analogous insolvency official) may determine; 
“Liabilities” shall mean the unconsolidated gross liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, 
as shown in the latest published audited balance sheet of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, but 
adjusted for contingent liabilities and for subsequent events in such manner as the directors of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as applicable, the auditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, or (if a 
liquidator (or any analogous insolvency official) has been appointed in respect of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable) a liquidator (or such analogous insolvency official) may determine; 
“Senior Creditors” shall mean creditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor (including, in respect of CBD 
only, depositors of CBD), as applicable, other than creditors in respect of indebtedness where, by the 
terms of such indebtedness, the claims of the holders of that indebtedness rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes; and 
“solvent” shall mean, in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, that (a) it is able to pay 
its debts as they fall due and (b) its Assets exceed its Liabilities (other than its Liabilities to persons 
who are not Senior Creditors). 
3.4 
Status of the Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.4 (Status of the Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes) only applies to 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer. 
The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated Notes under the Guarantee are direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated Notes under the Guarantee 
(whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) will be subordinated to all unsubordinated 
payment obligations of the Guarantor in the manner described below but will rank pari passu with all

--- Page 71 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
other subordinated payment obligations of the Guarantor which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms to rank junior to the payment obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes under the Guarantee and in priority to all claims of shareholders of the Guarantor.  The rights of 
the holders of Subordinated Notes against the Guarantor are subordinated in right of payment to the 
claims of all Senior Creditors of the Guarantor and accordingly payments under the Guarantee by the 
Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated Notes (whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise) 
are conditional upon the Guarantor being solvent at the time of such payment and no payment shall be 
payable by the Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated Notes under the Guarantee except to the extent 
that the Guarantor could make such payment and any other payment required to be made to a creditor 
in respect of indebtedness which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the Guarantor’s 
obligations under the Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes and still be solvent immediately 
thereafter. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of the Guarantee.  No collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations 
of the Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated Notes under the Guarantee and any collateral that may 
have been or may in the future be given in connection with other indebtedness of the Guarantor shall 
not secure the Guarantor’s payment obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes under the 
Guarantee. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
This Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) only applies to Senior Notes. 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (if applicable) will create or have outstanding and will procure that 
no Subsidiary will create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security 
interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
any Sukuk Obligation (each as defined below), other than a Permitted Security Interest, unless the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable), in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same 
time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and Coupons or the Guarantee (as applicable) are 
secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness or Sukuk 
Obligation; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest granted to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or any Sukuk Obligation incurred in connection with a Securitisation; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, 
loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market and have a 
maturity of more than one year and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity of any such indebtedness;

--- Page 72 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
“Securitisation” means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that 
(i) any Security Interest given by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) or any of its Subsidiaries 
in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the 
securitisation, (ii) each Person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse 
to the assets and/or revenues securitised as the principal source of repayment for the moneys advanced 
or payment of any other liability and (iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
applicable) or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any default by any Person under the securitisation; 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any Person (the “first person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second person”) whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to 
control, whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of 
the governing body of the second person or otherwise; and 
“Sukuk Obligation” means (i) any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given in 
connection with the issue of trust certificates or other securities issued in connection with any Islamic 
financing whether or not in return for consideration of any kind, which trust certificates or other 
securities for the time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in 
or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market and (ii) any guarantee 
or indemnity of any such undertaking or other obligation. 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
5.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination 
Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 with 
a nominal amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount of that Note in the Specified 
Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, 
with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent, that the then market practice in respect of 
the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if 
any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect 
of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued 
at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 100,000 and/or such higher amounts 
as the Principal Paying Agent may determine and notify to the Noteholders and any remaining 
amounts less than euro 100,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in 
euro in accordance with Condition 7 (Payments); 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from

--- Page 73 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the “Exchange Notice”) that replacement euro-
denominated Notes and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such securities are 
so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them.  The payment obligations 
contained in any Notes so issued will also become void on that date although those Notes will 
continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer.  New euro-denominated Notes 
and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice.  No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days 
prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons, other 
than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, 
will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were 
to euro.  Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option 
of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest 
Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding.  In the Conditions, the following expressions have 
the following meanings: 
5.2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
“Redenomination Date” means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in 
the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.1 (Redenomination) above and which falls 
on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union; and

--- Page 74 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
“Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the

--- Page 75 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(a)(ii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above, the Floating Rate 
Convention, such Interest Payment Date (A) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last 
day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (II) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (B) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month,

--- Page 76 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (II) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) 
and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, not referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph. Notwithstanding the forgoing, in the event that the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent, determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by such Reference Rate, that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Rate 
Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 6.2(c). 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Reference Rate” means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
Euro-Zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR); 
(ii) 
Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR); 
(iii) 
London interbank bid rate (LIBID); 
(iv) 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR); 
(v) 
London interbank mean rate (LIMEAN);

--- Page 78 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA); 
(vii) 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR); and 
(viii) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate (SHIBOR); 
(ix) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR); 
(x) 
Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR); 
(xi) 
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate (KLIBOR); 
(xii) 
Emirates interbank offered rate (EIBOR); 
(xiii) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate (SAIBOR); 
(xiv) 
Australia Bank Bill Swap (BBSW); 
(xv) 
Japanese Yen LIBOR (JPY LIBOR); 
(xvi) 
Prague interbank offered rate (PRIBOR); 
(xvii) CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (CNH HIBOR); 
(xviii) Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR); and 
(xix) 
Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR); 
“Relevant Financial Centre” shall mean (i) London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR; 
(ii) Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR; (iii) Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR; or (iv) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other financial centre as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
“Relevant Time” shall mean (i) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, 
11.00 a.m.; (iii) in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; or (iv) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m., in 
each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or such other time as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded 
Daily”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will (subject to Condition 6.2(c) and Condition 6.2(d) and 
subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; and

--- Page 79 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Weighted 
Average”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will (subject to Condition 6.2(c) and Condition 6.2(d) and 
subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(2) 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to Condition 6.2(d), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(a) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing 
at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant 
Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business 
Day, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(3) 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to Condition 6.2(d),  if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) determines that the SOFR rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the 
first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(4) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to Condition 6.2(d),  if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified  in  the  applicable  
Final  Terms)  determines that the €STR rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the 
first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the

--- Page 80 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(5) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, 
subject to Condition 6.2(d),  the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be: (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(6) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Events of Default), the last Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date 
(7) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii): 
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes 
being payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as references 
to interest on the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment 
Date instead; 
“Applicable Period” means: 
(a) 
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period 
relating to such Interest Period; 
“Business Day” or “BD”, means, 
(a) 
where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
(b) 
where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York

--- Page 81 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
and 
(c) 
where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which TARGET2 System is 
open for settlements of payments in euro; 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference 
Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and further provided 
for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Applicable Period; 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of 
Business Days in such Applicable Period; 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily euro short-term rate for such Business Day as provided by 
the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB's 
Website”) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European 
Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in 
such Applicable Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” 
up to but excluding the following Business Day;

--- Page 82 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
“New York Federal Reserve's Website” means the website of the 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling “p” Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (which shall not be less than five 
Business Days without the consent of the Principal Paying 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms)); 
(b) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, zero; and 
(c) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms ((which shall not be less than five 
Business Days without the consent of the Principal Paying 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms)); 
“r” means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as 
the Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as 
the Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” 
is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(c) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(d) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as 
the Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method:

--- Page 83 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
a. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
b. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(e) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as 
the Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
a. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
b. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(f) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
a. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the €STR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
b. 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the €STR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(g) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as 
the Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SONIA rate in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(h) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as 
the Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, 
in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each

--- Page 84 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect 
of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(i) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR 
in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the 
case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day 
in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, 
as applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-
off Date; 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the 
definition of “r” above for, (i) where, in the applicable Final Terms, 
“Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, the Business Day (being 
a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, 
the relevant Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve's Website, in each case on or  about 5.00 p.m. (New York City 
Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day 
(the “SOFR Determination Time”); 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in

--- Page 85 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such 
sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in 
effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(b) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such 
rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock- out 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference   Rate   in   
effect   for   the   Reference Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to 
be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(c) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Calculation Agent, determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine no later than five Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period (the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date“), a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate 
for each of the future Interest Periods in respect of such Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement)); 
(iii) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread), shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be); 
(iv) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – 
Benchmark Replacement) and the Independent Adviser (following consultation with

--- Page 86 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer) determines in good faith: (A) that amendments to these Conditions 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date or Relevant 
Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”); and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then, 
at the direction and expense of the Issuer and subject to delivery of a notice in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(vi) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark 
Replacement): (a) without any requirements for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer shall vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice; and (b) the Agents shall (at the Issuer’s expense), without any requirement 
for the consent or sanction of Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting such Benchmark Amendments; 
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent shall be liable to the Noteholders or any other 
person for so acting or relying on such notice, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such Noteholder 
or person; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, give notice to the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (B) 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); (C) the Adjustment 
Spread; (D) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any); and (E) the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread; 
(vii) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component thereof) on the immediately following 
Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) or, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined pursuant to this 
provision, then the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.2(b)(xi) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
– Rate of Interest) shall apply to the relevant immediately following Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement); and 
(viii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement) shall act and make all 
determinations pursuant to this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Benchmark Replacement) in good faith and the Independent Adviser shall act 
as an expert.  In the absence of bad faith, wilful default or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall not have any liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents,

--- Page 87 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
the Noteholders, the holders of Receipts or the Couponholders in connection with any 
determination made by it. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – 
Benchmark Replacement): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the 
Issuer) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
relevant Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that there is no such industry standard) the Independent Adviser (following 
consultation with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) in its sole discretion to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which 
the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines, in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2(b)(iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – 
Benchmark Replacement), is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser 
determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: (i) the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published 
or ceasing to exist; or (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the relevant Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate); or 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate, that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or (iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate as a consequence of which the relevant Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or (v) it has 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate

--- Page 88 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate, 
except that, in respect of (ii), (iii) and (iv), a Benchmark Event will only be deemed to 
have occurred on the date that such Reference Rate ceases, is discontinued or is 
prohibited from being used, as applicable; 
“Financial Stability Board” means the organisation established by the Group of 
Twenty (G20) in April 2009; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at 
the Issuer’s expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (A) the central 
bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (B) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of: (1) the central bank for the currency to which 
the Reference Rate relates; (2) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; (3) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (4) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of

--- Page 89 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌2)] + [30 × (𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1) + (𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)] 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 90 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌2)] + [30 × (𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1) + (𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)] 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌2)] + [30 × (𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1) + (𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)] 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;“D1” is the first calendar day, 
expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the

--- Page 91 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).  For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), whether by the Principal Paying Agent shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error or proven error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable), the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of 
wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.6.3 Interest on Reset Notes. 
6.3 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset 
Date occurring after the Interest Commencement Date), at the rate per annum equal to 
the Initial Rate of Interest; and

--- Page 92 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each 
successive Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per annum as is equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 6.3 (Interest on Reset 
Notes), 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates(s) (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid Swap Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro, EIBOR if 
the Specified Currency is dirham or LIBOR if the Specified Currency is not euro or dirham; 
“Mid Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg, payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent), of a fixed-for- floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (calculated on the day 
count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent); 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant 
Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Principal Paying Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are 
(A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors or (B) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant 
Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around 
the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to 
the Principal Paying Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;

--- Page 93 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
“Reset Date(s)” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Determination Date” means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which 
the rate of interest applying during that Reset Period will be determined; 
“Reset Margin” means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, 
each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the 
next Reset Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period” means the sum of (i) the applicable 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate; and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to four 
decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded down); 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate Time” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Subsequent Reset Reference Rate” means either: 
(A) 
if “Mid Swaps” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed 
on the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if “Reference Bond” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the annual yield to 
maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant period by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
applicable Subsequent Reset Rate (as the case may be) to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 6.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(b) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page 
If the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the Principal Paying Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Principal Paying Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Subsequent Reset

--- Page 94 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate at approximately the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination 
Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.  If on any Reset Determination 
Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with an 
offered quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent 
Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case 
of the first Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b) (Interest on Reset Notes – Subsequent Reset Rate 
Screen Page): 
“Reference Banks” means the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major 
banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank 
of international repute; and 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the financial centre specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if none is so specified:  (i) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, London, 
(ii) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Brussels, (iii) in the case of determination of 
EIBOR, Dubai or Abu Dhabi, (iv) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Singapore, (v) in 
the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo, (vi) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, 
Hong Kong or (vii) in the case of a determination of the Bank of England Base Rate, London. 
(c) 
Notification of Subsequent Reset Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Subsequent Reset Rate and each Interest Amount 
for each Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount as notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment).  Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).  For the purposes of this 
paragraph 6.3(c), the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London.  
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.3 (Interest on Reset Notes) by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or the Noteholders or any other person shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions.

--- Page 95 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
6.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation), and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof) 
or (without prejudice to the provision of Condition 9 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 7.1 (Method of Payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and, its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10

--- Page 96 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
(Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
“A Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which 
the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of 
such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States.  A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note 
in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be 
prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of business on the third business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less 
than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will 
instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below).  
For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the case of 
payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank 
which processes payments in euro.

--- Page 97 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding 
the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register (i) where in global form at, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day 
on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the “Record Date”) at his address shown 
in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment 
may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph.  Any such 
application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest 
due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has 
made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in 
the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition 7.4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  No commissions 
or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
or, if applicable, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.5, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the 
full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 98 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable). 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.6 
(Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9 
(Taxation). 
7.8 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB 
Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor acting in good faith, exists 
on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, any Coupon or under the Guarantee, the 
Issuer’s and, if applicable, the Guarantor’s obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of 
the Notes or the Guarantee may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant

--- Page 99 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate 
Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7.8: 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and the principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Currency; 
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong; 
“RMB Currency Events” means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make a 
payment under the Notes or the Guarantee, as determined by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor 
in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign exchange 
dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer or, 
if applicable, the Guarantor to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee 
into RMB on any payment date at the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible 
for the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
or, if applicable, the Guarantor to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account 
inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement 
system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor to comply with any 
law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer 
or, if applicable, the Guarantor due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the Relevant 
Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for 
settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to the 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Deliverable Basis), or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Non-deliverable Basis).  If neither rate is

--- Page 100 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from 
the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant 
Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. 
7.9 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a Renminbi 
account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with 
respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 8.6 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may (subject, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates (the 
“Regulator”, which expression shall include any successor thereto as the relevant regulator of banks in 
the United Arab Emirates) where required) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) or, if applicable, 
the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer 
and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.

--- Page 101 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.6 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
8.3 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 8.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call)) is only applicable to 
Subordinated Notes.  Subject to Condition 8.6 (Early Redemption Amounts) the Notes may (subject to 
the prior approval of the Regulator where required) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a 
Regulatory Redemption Event has occurred and is continuing and if the circumstance that entitles the 
Issuer to exercise such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call)), CBD shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent (to make 
available at its specified office to the Noteholders) a certificate signed by two Directors of CBD stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the change to the applicable 
regulatory rules or to the application or official interpretation thereof as described in the definition of 
“Regulatory Redemption Event” has occurred and is continuing. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call)) 
will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.6 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In this Condition 8.3 (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call)): 
“Regulatory Redemption Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any change, after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, to any applicable 
regulatory rules or to the application or official interpretation thereof at any relevant time which has 
been previously announced in an official publication of the Regulator or of any other relevant 
governmental, regulatory or judicial body in the United Arab Emirates, the Notes (or, in the case of an 
issue of Notes by the Cayman Issuer, the proceeds of the Notes which are the subject of a loan from the 
Cayman Issuer to CBD) are fully excluded from Tier II (supplementary) Capital of CBD and its 
subsidiaries (save where such exclusion is only as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital), provided that the Notes have qualified as Tier II (supplementary) Capital at any time 
following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
“Tier II (supplementary) Capital” means (a) for so long as Circular 13/93 relating to Capital 
Adequacy published on 14 April 1993 by the Regulator and Circular 27/2009, together with the 
associated guidance, each as published by the Regulator (as each may be supplemented or amended 
from time to time) (the “Circulars”) is applicable in the United Arab Emirates, Tier II (supplementary) 
Capital (as described in the “Circulars”) and (b) if the Circulars are no longer applicable in the United 
Arab Emirates, or if Tier II (supplementary) Capital is no longer the applicable regulatory 
categorisation, such successor regulatory capital categorisation resulting from any change to any 
applicable regulatory rules or to the application or official interpretation thereof which has been 
announced in an official publication of the Regulator or of any other relevant governmental, regulatory 
or judicial body in the United Arab Emirates.

--- Page 102 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Regulator, where required), having given: 
(a) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of the notice referred to 
in (a) above, notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the “Selection Date”).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note 
will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
8.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.  Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 8.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at 
any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
(a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8.5 and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in Definitive Form), in each case accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or 
is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to

--- Page 103 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time 
and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation 
of the relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.5 (Redemption at 
the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its 
option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and instead to declare such Note forthwith 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
8.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons) above, Condition 8.3 (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call)) above and Condition 11 (Events of Default), each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency 
other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP“ 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY“ means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365).

--- Page 104 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
8.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their respective Subsidiaries may (subject, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Regulator where required) at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent or the Registrar for cancellation. 
8.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.7 (Purchases) above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Redemption at Maturity), 8.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 8.3 
(Redemption for Regulatory Reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) or 8.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in Condition 8.6(c) (Early Redemption Amounts) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer or, if applicable, 
under the Guarantee by the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor, will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons or under the Guarantee, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
a holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting

--- Page 105 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 7.6 (Payment Day)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Cayman Islands or the United Arab Emirates or any 
Emirate therein or, in each case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 (Presentation 
of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2 
(Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes 
This Condition 11.1 (Events of Default relating to Senior Notes) only applies to Senior Notes and 
provisions of or claims under the Guarantee in respect of Senior Notes of Coupons pertaining thereto. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or the 
Guarantee or any of them and the default continues for a period of at least seven days in the 
case of principal or at least 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under the Conditions or the Guarantee and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of 
remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the 
failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of written notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(c) 
(i) any Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary is 
not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period, (ii) any 
such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default 
(however described) or (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary 
fails to pay when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period any 
amount payable by it under any guarantee of any Indebtedness, provided that each such event 
shall not constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness, 
either alone or when aggregated with all other Indebtedness in respect of which such an event

--- Page 106 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
shall have occurred and be continuing, shall be more than U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
one or more judgments or orders for the payment of any sum in excess of U.S.$10,000,000 is 
rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
and continues unsatisfied, unstayed and unappealed (or, if appealed, the appeal is unsuccessful 
and thereafter the judgment continues unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days) for a 
period of 30 days after the date thereof; or 
(e) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary, save in connection with 
a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(f) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation, or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits its inability to, pay, its debts (or any 
class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(g) 
(i) any court or other formal proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or any Material Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed 
with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator 
or other similar official (and such proceedings are not being actively contested in good faith by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case may 
be), or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary or, 
as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of 
an administrator) is not discharged within 30 days; or 
(h) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to 
judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors) save in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(i) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the United Arab Emirates or any Emirate therein and, 
if applicable, the Cayman Islands or any other jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in paragraphs (e) to (h) above; or 
(j) 
at any time (i) it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any or all of 
its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, for the Guarantor to perform 
or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Guarantee or (ii) any of such 
material obligations of the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor thereunder are not or cease to 
be legal, valid, binding or enforceable; or 
(k) 
if applicable, the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect; or

--- Page 107 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
(l) 
by or under the authority of any government (i) the management of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or any Material Subsidiary is wholly or substantially displaced or the authority of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary in the conduct of its business 
is wholly or substantially curtailed or (ii) all or a majority of the issued share capital of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Material Subsidiary or the whole or a substantial 
part of its revenues or assets are seized, nationalised, expropriated or compulsorily acquired, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal 
Paying Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall 
become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if 
any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
11.2 
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 11.2 (Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes) only applies to Subordinated 
Notes and provisions of or claims under the Guarantee in respect of Subordinated Notes or Coupons 
pertaining thereto. 
Each of the following events occurring with respect to any Subordinated Note shall constitute an “Event 
of Default”. 
(a) 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, the 
Guarantee or any of them and the default continues for a period of at least seven days in the 
case of principal and at least 14 days in the case of interest, while such default is continuing 
any Noteholder may institute proceedings for the dissolution and liquidation of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in the United Arab Emirates or any Emirate therein or, as the case may be, in the 
Cayman Islands (but not elsewhere). 
(b) 
If any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) takes any corporate action or other steps are 
taken or legal proceedings are started for its winding-up, dissolution, administration or 
reorganisation (whether by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or 
otherwise) or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, 
administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer of it or of any 
substantial part or all of its revenues and assets and such proceedings are not frivolous 
or vexatious or are not being actively contested in good faith by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) save (A) for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation 
and provided that a bona fide disposal for full value on an arm’s length basis of the 
whole or a substantial part of the business of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) 
shall not be deemed in any event to be an Event of Default for the purposes of this 
subparagraph; 11.2(b)(i) or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) ceases to carry on the whole or a substantial 
part of its business save (A) for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation and provided that a bona fide disposal for full value on an arm’s length 
basis of the whole or a substantial part of the business of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) shall not be deemed in any event to be an Event of Default for the purposes 
of this subparagraph; 11.2(b)(ii) or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or, 
save in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, commences negotiations with its 
creditors as a whole or any one or more classes of its creditors with a view to the general

--- Page 108 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
readjustment or rescheduling of its Indebtedness or makes a general assignment for the 
benefit of or a composition with its creditors; or 
(iv) 
any execution or distress is levied against, or an encumbrancer takes possession of, the 
whole or any substantial part of the property, undertaking or assets of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction 
has a similar or analogous effect, unless such enforcement proceedings are frivolous or 
vexatious or are being actively contested in good faith by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if applicable); or 
(v) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the United Arab Emirates or any Emirate 
therein and, if applicable, the Cayman Islands or any other jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in subparagraphs (i) to (iv) above, 
then the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, that such Note is due and 
payable, whereupon the same shall, subject to Condition 3 (Status of the Notes and the 
Guarantee), become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind. 
(c) 
To the extent permitted by applicable law and by these Conditions, a Noteholder may at its 
discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) as it may 
think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (if applicable) under the Notes, the Coupons or the Guarantee, but the institution 
of such proceedings shall not have the effect that the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor shall 
be obliged to pay any sums or sums sooner than would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), other than the institution of the 
proceedings referred to in paragraph (a) or (c) above and the proving or claiming in any 
dissolution and liquidation of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), shall be available to 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders for the recovering of amounts owing in respect of the 
Notes, the Coupons or the Guarantee in respect of any breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) of any other obligation, condition or provision binding on it under the Notes, the 
Coupons or the Guarantee. 
11.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 11.3: 
“guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;

--- Page 109 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of CBD (regardless of whether CBD 
owns such Subsidiary directly or indirectly): 
(a) 
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated 
financial statements, whose consolidated total assets or consolidated gross revenues, as the case 
may be) represents not less than 10 per cent., of the consolidated total assets or the consolidated 
gross revenues of CBD and its respective Subsidiaries, all as calculated by reference to the then 
latest audited financial statements (or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of CBD; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary 
which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary; and 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means: 
(a) 
any disposal by any Subsidiary of the whole or a substantial part of its business, undertaking or 
assets to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable); 
(b) 
any amalgamation, consolidation or merger of a Subsidiary with any other Subsidiary or any 
other wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable); or 
(c) 
any amalgamation, consolidation, restructuring, merger or reorganisation on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in Part 
B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 110 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any 
Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent and a Transfer Agent with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having 
a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5 (General 
Provisions Applicable to Payments).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially 
all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected 
to be the Irish Times) or published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) or, in 
either case such publication is not practicable, in a leading English Language newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be

--- Page 111 ---
97 
 
 
 
 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published in a manner which complies with those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) and shall be convened by the Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two- thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting on 
the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a majority consisting of not 
less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on the poll or (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in similar form 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders or (iii) consent given by way of electronic 
consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 112 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
not, in the sole opinion of the Issuer prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
In addition, subject to Condition (iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement), 
the Issuer and the Agents shall be obliged to agree to such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Condition (iii)(iii) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement) in connection with effecting any 
Alternative Reference Rate, Successor Rate, Adjustment Spread or related changes referred to in 
Condition (iii)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement) without the requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Notes, the Coupons and these 
Conditions (including the remaining provisions of this Condition 19 (Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution)) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection thereto are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Arbitration 
Subject to Condition 19.3 (Option to Litigate), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out 
of, relating to or having any connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons and/or these Conditions 
(including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination 
or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them) (a “Dispute”) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration

--- Page 113 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
under the LCIA Arbitration Rules (the “Rules”), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are 
incorporated by reference into this Condition 19.2 (Arbitration).  For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall have 
no connection with any party hereto and shall be an attorney experienced in international 
securities transactions; and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
19.3 
Option to litigate 
Notwithstanding Condition 19.2 (Arbitration) above, any Noteholder or Couponholder may, in the 
alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law.  If such notice is given, the Dispute to which such 
notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 19.4 (Jurisdiction of the Courts) and, 
subject as provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 19.2 (Arbitration) in respect of 
that Dispute will be terminated.  Each person who gives such notice and the recipient of that notice will 
bear its own costs in relation to the terminated arbitration. 
If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect of any Dispute, 
the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder must also promptly give notice to the Registrar (as defined in 
the Rules) and to any arbitrator already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be 
settled by the courts.  Upon receipt of such notice by the Registrar, the arbitration and any appointment 
of any arbitrator in relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate.  Any such arbitrator will be 
deemed to be functus officio.The termination is without prejudice to: 
(i) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of that 
arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(ii) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(iii) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation bar 
or any similar rule or provision. 
19.4 
Jurisdiction of the courts 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 19.3 (Option to Litigate) is issued, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England and the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (the “DIFC”) (at the option of the Noteholders and the Couponholders) shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and the Issuer and the Guarantor each submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor each waives any objection to the courts of either England or the 
DIFC on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute; 
and 
(c) 
this Condition 19.4 (Jurisdiction of the Courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders only.  As a result, and notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts

--- Page 114 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, any Noteholder or Couponholder may take 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.5 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Process Servers Ltd at its registered office at 
4 Marylebone High Street, London W1U 4NQ, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, in 
any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of 
Process Servers Ltd being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings or Disputes.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process 
will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
19.6 
Waiver of immunity 
CBD, in its capacity as Issuer and as Guarantor, irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to waive, with 
respect to the Notes, the Coupons and the Guarantee, any right to claim sovereign or other immunity 
from jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to 
the giving of any relief or the issue of any process including without limitation, the making, enforcement 
agrees to execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any 
order of judgment made or given in connection with any Disputes or Proceedings. 
19.7 
Other documents 
Each of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant contains governing law, 
arbitration, submission, process agent appointment and enforcement terms that are substantially similar 
to those set out above.

--- Page 115 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
In the case of Notes issued by the Cayman Issuer, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be lent by the 
Cayman Issuer to CBD and, along with the net proceeds from each issue of Notes by CBD, will be applied by 
CBD for its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit.

--- Page 116 ---
102 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CAYMAN ISSUER 
The Cayman Issuer was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 
12 May 2015 in accordance with the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands (as amended), with registration 
number 299778 and having its registered office at c/o Walkers Corporate Limited, 190 Elgin Avenue, George 
Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, Cayman Islands.  Its telephone number is +1 345 814 7600. 
The authorised share capital of the Cayman Issuer is U.S.$50,000.00 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares with 
a par value of U.S.$1.00 each.  The issued share capital of the Cayman Issuer is 1 share, which is fully paid and 
held by CBD. 
The Cayman Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
The board of directors of the Cayman Issuer and their other principal activities at the date hereof are as follows: 
Director 
Other principal activities at Commercial Bank of 
Dubai P.S.C. 
1. Bernd van Linder 
Chief Executive Officer 
2. Darren Clarke 
Chief Financial Officer 
3. Souhayel Tayeb 
Chief Legal Officer and Head of Governance 
The business address of each member of the board of directors is Head Office, Al Ittihad Street, P.O. Box 2668, 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
The Cayman Issuer has no employees other than those directors listed above and is not expected to have any 
employees in the future. 
No member of the board of directors of the Cayman Issuer has any actual or potential conflict of interest between 
his duties to the Cayman Issuer, CBD and his private interests and/or other duties.  As a matter of Cayman 
Islands law, each director is under a duty to act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of 
the Cayman Issuer, regardless of any other directorships he may hold. 
The objects of the Cayman Issuer, as referred to in its Memorandum of Association, are unrestricted and the 
Cayman Issuer has full power and authority under its Memorandum of Association to carry out any object which 
is not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.  Permitted objects would accordingly include the issue of 
the Notes and the execution of the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant (the 
“Transaction Documents”) to which it is a party and other agreements necessary for the performance of its 
obligations under the transactions contemplated thereby and undertaking activities pursuant to, or that are not 
inconsistent with, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Under the terms of the Transaction Documents, the Cayman Issuer is not restricted from issuing securities other 
than the Notes or otherwise incur indebtedness. 
The Cayman Issuer has not audited or published, and does not propose to audit or publish, any accounts since 
it is not required to do so under the laws of the Cayman Islands.  The Cayman Issuer’s non-audited financial 
statements are not published and are prepared only for internal purposes.  The Cayman Issuer is, however, 
required to keep such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the Cayman Issuer’s 
affairs and to explain its transactions.

--- Page 117 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CBD 
 
Overview 
CBD was incorporated in Dubai, UAE, on 4 July 1969 pursuant to an Emiri Decree. CBD is registered as a public 
shareholding company in accordance with Federal Law No. 2 of 2015. CBD's commercial registration number is 1010121, 
its registered office is Al Ittihad Street, P.O. Box 2668, Dubai, United Arab Emirates and its telephone number is +971 4 
2121000 and its website is www.cbd.ae. 
CBD offers a range of banking products and services in the UAE primarily to institutional and corporate customers, 
including loans, working capital financing, trade finance products and deposit accounts. CBD also offers personal banking 
products, including deposit accounts, personal loans and mortgage products to retail customers. Since 2008, CBD has 
provided Shari'a compliant financial services to corporate and retail customers through its "CBD Al Islami" finance 
division. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CBD has six wholly owned subsidiaries: 
• 
CBD Financial Services LLC ("CBD Financial Services"), which provides brokerage facilities for local shares and 
bonds; 
• 
CBD Employment Services One Person Company LLC ("CBD Employment Services"), which provides human 
resource services; 
• 
Attijari Properties LLC ("Attijari Properties"), which provides self-owned property management services; 
• 
CBD (Cayman) Limited ("Cayman Issuer"), a special purpose vehicle incorporated in May 2015, which may, 
amongst other things, issue notes under CBD's Euro Medium Term Note programme (the "Programme"); 
• 
CBD (Cayman) II Limited a special purpose entity established and registered in the Cayman Islands in 2016 in order 
to transact and negotiate derivative agreements; and 
• 
VS 1897 (Cayman) Limited, a special purpose entity established and registered in the Cayman Islands on 20 December 
2018 to manage investments acquired in the settlement of debt. 
CBD also has one associate, National General Insurance Co. PSC ("NGI") in which CBD holds a 17.8 per cent. 
shareholding. NGI underwrites life and general insurance business as well as certain reinsurance business. CBD, CBD 
Financial Services, CBD Employment Services, Attijari Properties, the Cayman Issuer, CBD (Cayman) II Limited, VS 
1897 (Cayman) Limited and NGI are collectively referred to herein as the "Group". 
The following diagram summarises CBD's Group structure: 
 
CBD categorises its business into four business segments: Institutional Banking, Corporate Banking, Personal Banking, 
and Trading and Other. As at 31 March 2021, the assets of the Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking segments 
together accounted for AED 68.43 billion, or 66.8 per cent. of CBD's total assets and their combined total liabilities 
amounted to AED 55.3 billion, or 61.6 per cent. of CBD's total liabilities. As at 31 December 2020, the assets of the 
Institutional Banking segment and Corporate Banking segment together accounted for AED 64.5 billion, or 66.2 per cent. 
of CBD's total assets and their combined total liabilities amounted to AED 54.5 billion, or 64.6 per cent. of CBD's total 
liabilities.

--- Page 118 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
CBD operates across the UAE through a network of 15 branches (of which nine are in Dubai). CBD offers conventional 
as well as Shari'a compliant Islamic products through these branches. CBD also operates one sales office as well as 161 
automated teller machines ("ATMs") and cash deposit machines ("CDMs"). As at 31 March 2021, CBD employed 1,332 
staff. As at 31 December 2020, CBD employed 1,343 staff. 
As at and for the three month period ended 31 March 2021, CBD's net profit was AED 325 million (an increase of 3.1 per 
cent. compared to the three month period ended 31 March 2020). Its total assets amounted to AED 102.47 billion (an 
increase of 5.2 per cent. compared to total assets as at 31 December 2020) and its total equity amounted to 
AED 12.62 billion, a decrease of  2.6 per cent. compared to AED 12.95 billion as at 31 December 2020. CBD's net profit 
was AED 1.12 billion and AED 1.4 billion for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2020, CBD's total assets amounted to AED 97.4 billion, an increase of 10.6 per cent. compared to 
AED 88.1 billion as at 31 December 2019. CBD's total equity was AED 12.95 billion as at 31 December 2020, an increase 
of 26.8 per cent. from AED 10.2 billion as at 31 December 2019. 
CBD's ordinary shares are listed on the Dubai Financial Market ("DFM"). As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the 
authorised, issued and fully paid-up ordinary share capital of CBD comprised 2,802,733,968 ordinary shares of AED 1 
each (compared to 2,802,733,968 ordinary shares of AED 1 each as at 31 December 2020 and as at 31 December 2019). 
For further information, see "Share Capital and Shareholders". 
CBD has a long term issuer rating of A- from Fitch and Baa1 from Moody's. Each of Fitch and Moody's is established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulations. 
History and Development 
Upon its incorporation, Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. ("Chase Manhattan"), Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
("Commerzbank") and the Commercial Bank of Kuwait S.A.K. ("CBK") each held 26 per cent. of the issued share capital 
of CBD, with the balance being held by a number of UAE shareholders. Chase Manhattan managed CBD from its 
incorporation until July 1977. In 1980, Chase Manhattan sold its shareholding to CBK. Shortly afterwards, Commerzbank 
sold its shareholding to Pearl Investment Co., a registered company in Bahrain controlled by CBK, thereby giving CBK a 
controlling interest of 78 per cent. of CBD's issued share capital. Following the introduction of restrictions on the foreign 
ownership of banking institutions in the UAE in 1982, CBK sold all of its shareholding in CBD to UAE nationals and to 
the Government of Dubai. The Government of Dubai's shareholding is currently registered in the name of its wholly owned 
investment entity, the Investment Corporation of Dubai ("ICD"). 
Strategy 
CBD's strategy was refreshed in December 2020 to take account of the recent macro-economic environment and the 
structural impacts of COVID-19. Most aspects of CBD’s 2018 – 2020 strategy have been retained and adjustments have 
been made to initiatives to account for the external environment including accelerating digital transformation and 
adoption.CBD's strategy is to diversify its income sources by selectively expanding the range of products and services it 
offers in its core business areas of Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking, while seeking selective and measured 
growth in the Personal Banking segment and Islamic Banking. 
Strengthening CBD's Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking portfolios 
The Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking segments continue to support areas of key economic activity, specifically 
real estate, trade, education, hospitality, healthcare, services, and manufacturing sectors, and have seen growth from both 
existing and new clients in these sectors. CBD will seek to acquire new customers and strengthen existing client 
relationships with the aim of becoming its clients' primary banking partner. 
As part of its strategic plan, CBD aims to increase fee and commission income from existing Institutional Banking and 
Corporate Banking clients, so that the fee and commission revenues received from a client represent at least the same 
proportion as CBD's share of the client's total lending across banks. CBD intends to achieve this objective by focusing on 
the following initiatives: 
• 
Selectively expanding the range of Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking products and services offered to 
Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking customers. In particular, CBD plans to expand its fee-generating 
products and services, by leveraging its existing portfolio of trade, treasury and transaction banking products and 
services to position CBD as banking partner for all client requirements. CBD continues to invest in iBusiness, an 
innovative corporate online banking platform that aims to provide corporate clients with a user-friendly online banking

--- Page 119 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
platform. iBusiness allows clients to view account balances, initiate online payments, apply for various trade products 
and manage daily liquidity positions. 
• 
Deepening client relationships. CBD will seek to deepen existing client relationships by institutionalising within CBD 
client specific service teams. The members of each client service team will be drawn from various departments and 
levels of seniority within CBD and they will interact with the clients across different levels of client management. 
• 
Target the expatriate owned business market. CBD will target businesses owned by expatriates with an established 
track record of operating in the UAE, particularly corporate and commercial entities operating in the UAE free zones 
and multinational corporations. 
Measured growth in CBD's Personal Banking segment 
CBD's strategic plan sets out growth in the Personal Banking segment as a strategic priority. CBD aims to accelerate 
revenue growth in the medium-term and have a positive impact on CBD's overall risk-return profile. 
A separate comprehensive operational plan has been developed and approved by the Board with the intention of making 
CBD a leading financial services provider in the UAE for high net worth individuals ("HNWIs") and "affluent" customers. 
CBD will seek to compete in this market by offering products and services specifically tailored to its target market segments 
and, by providing a comprehensive and personalised service to its Personal Banking customers. 
CBD believes that the continued development and refinement of its data analytics and intelligence capabilities will be 
critical in order to enable CBD to maximise its ability to cross sell products and services to its Personal Banking clients, to 
enhance its credit decision making models and to comply with regulatory requirements. 
Develop CBD's Islamic banking business 
In light of increased demand for Islamic banking products, CBD plans to continue to grow its existing Islamic banking 
business by strengthening management and sales capabilities and investing in new products and services. CBD's Islamic 
banking business, managed under the CBD Al Islami brand, offers a range of banking products and services for both 
corporate and personal banking clients including deposit accounts, investment deposits (Mudaraba short term, Wakalah 
and Commodity Murabaha), Mustaqbali Al Islami Wealth Builder (an investment-linked savings plan), Al Dana Al Islami 
Al Malaki (which offer customers bundled banking products and services with banking and lifestyle related advantages) 
and Al Dana Al Islami Sundus, Ijarah Home Lease, Absher Personal Finance Tawarruq through Equity Shares and 
Mudaraba Tasdeer Finance. 
During the three month period ended 31 March  2021, the Islamic financing portfolio of CBD Al Islami increased by 2.3 
per cent. when compared with 31 December 2020, accounting for 16.8 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and 
Islamic financing, while Islamic customer deposits increased by 0.6 per cent. when compared with 31 December 2020, 
accounting for 23 per cent. of CBD's customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Islamic financing portfolio of CBD Al Islami increased by 6.4 per cent. when compared with 
31 December 2019, accounting for 17.5 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing, while Islamic 
customer deposits increased by 12.4 per cent. when compared with 31 December 2019, accounting for 23.3 per cent. of 
CBD's customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits. 
Default Digital 
A pillar of CBD's strategy is 'Default Digital', which envisions providing digital solutions by default for all customer 
services and back end processes. The Bank's technology team continued to build this element of the Bank's strategy, and 
the Bank delivered more than 75 transformation projects and 235 significant enhancements to existing investments 
through 2020. 
CBD’s involvement in the ‘Eureka’ innovation framework enabled the Bank to navigate the expanding landscape of 
technology solutions in alignment with the Bank's goal of digital transformation.  CBD's technology team successfully 
collaborated  with leading financial technologies companies (“FinTechs”) to launch a number of initiatives in 2020, 
including a global remittance product  with Transfer to Mobile Financial Services Ltd, a project on financial inclusion with 
Now Money Services Provider LLC, a supply chain financing product with Demica and a blockchain based SME on-
boarding project with Norbloc and the UAE Department of Economic Development ("DED").  
In addition, the Bank moved all of its customer facing operations onto an integrated Microsoft Dynamics CRM platform 
to enable its customer servicing journey to support ‘Default Digital’.

--- Page 120 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
CBD was the first bank to partner with the UAE Ministry of Finance to enable the G3 eDirham scheme and was also the 
first bank to fully integrate UAE Pass into its mobile banking app. eDirham is an initiative of a label scheme of Ministry 
of Finance for the next generation of eDirham, sometimes referred to as G3. This scheme will enable individuals or 
companies to pay forservices and fees delivered by government entities. 
The Bank also made significant progress in its journey towards Cloud adoption. CBD launched the first phase of 
implementing its payments hub solution on Azure in partnership with Volante  and successfully migrated several workloads 
from on premise implementations to a Cloud infrastructure- providing efficiencies in operations and infrastructure. 
 CBD is continuing to invest in its ''Default Digital'' strategy to allow CBD to offer customers enhanced solutions across 
operations using  modern technologies  such as artificial intelligence, robotic process automation and advanced data 
analytics. 
To be recognised as an employer of choice 
CBD aims to be recognised as an employer of choice in the UAE by fostering a motivational environment which rewards 
superior performance. CBD's performance management framework has been restructured with a reward and development 
programme that supports CBD's ambition to build a high performance culture across its network. 
CBD pro-actively implements the Emiratisation initiative to recruit, train, develop and retain Emirati staff at all levels of 
the organisation. The appraisal process is transparent both in terms of setting of objectives as well as evaluation of 
performance and career progression is based on merit. CBD's incentive and reward programs are geared to recognise high 
performers. Employee welfare is addressed through various channels including a periodic anonymously conducted 
Employee Engagement Survey, which is undertaken by an independent survey agency. The findings are presented to 
management who may elect to set up focus groups to discuss solutions to any issues that become apparent from the survey. 
In 2020 the Bank was able to activate contingency plans with expediency and a regular programme of communications 
ensured that the health and well-being of employees was given the highest priority. Notwithstanding the crisis, the Bank’s 
employee engagement score increased in 2020, as staff gave positive feedback on the handling of the COVID-19 pandemic 
as well as commenting favourably on other key measures including the Bank's culture, future prospects as well as the 
capability of the management and senior leadership team.  
Several new human resources ("HR") processes and programmes were introduced in 2020 including the automation of 
employee on-boarding, an enhanced digital proposition for personal development and an HR chatbot as CBD accelerated 
technology enhancements during the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Competition 
Banks conducting business in the UAE face competition from the large number of both conventional and Islamic, UAE 
and foreign banks that are licensed to operate in the UAE. According to data published by the UAE Central Bank there 
were a total of 48 banks (21 locally incorporated banks and 27 foreign banks) licensed to operate in the UAE as at 31 
March 2021 (excluding the DIFC) (source: UAE Central Bank). See "United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and 
Regulations" for further information. 
In relation to commercial banking, CBD has established a long-standing customer base of leading companies comprising 
of private corporate and government customers. CBD's key competitors are primarily UAE banks such as Emirates NBD, 
Mashreq Bank, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C., and the National Bank of Ras Al Khaimah, 
as well as international banks such as Citibank and HSBC. 
Competitive Strengths 
CBD believes that it has a strong market position which is based on competitive advantages such as: 
Stable and low cost funding base: CBD's management believe that it benefits from a consistently lower cost of funds than 
many of its competitors as a result of the high proportion of CBD's total customer deposits which consist of stable current 
and savings accounts. As at 31 March 2021, current and savings accounts constituted 44.1 per cent. of total customer 
deposits and Islamic customer deposits compared to 41.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 39.4 per cent. as at 
31 December 2019. CBD's low cost funding has allowed it to achieve higher net interest margins.

--- Page 121 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
Strong capital base: CBD calculates its risk asset ratio in accordance with capital adequacy guidelines established by the 
UAE Central Bank and the Basel Committee Guidelines in accordance with the Basel III accord. The current Tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio stipulated by the UAE Central Bank is 11 per cent. CBD has consistently maintained a capital adequacy 
ratio and Tier 1 ratio in excess of the minimum requirements required by the UAE Central Bank. As at 31 March 2021, 
CBD had a Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of 15.09 per cent. compared to 15.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 
13.02 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. 
Consistent profitability and returns: CBD has been consistently profitable, with levels of net profit, amounting to AED 
325 million for the three month period ended 31 March 2021, compared to AED 315 million for the three month period 
ended 31 March  2020. During the three month period ended 31 March 2021, CBD's underlying performance was impacted 
by depressed global and domestic business conditions and prevailing low interest rates. See "Risk Factors – Risks related 
to CBD's business – CBD's business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the impact 
of COVID-19 for further information", "Risk Factors – Risks related to CBD's business – CBD is subject to risks relating 
to customer and counterparty credit quality", "Risk Factors – Risks related to CBD's business – CBD faces risks associated 
with changes in market prices" and "Risk Factors – Risks related to CBD's business – Liquidity Risk".CBD's net profit 
amounted to AED 1,120 million, AED 1,400 million, and AED 1,162 million for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018, respectively. CBD has also maintained returns on average equity of 10.7 per cent., 14.6 per cent., and 13.5 per 
cent. for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. CBD's return on average equity was 12.4 per 
cent. for the three  month period ended 31 March 2021. Management estimates that CBD has one of the highest total returns 
to shareholders of UAE banks in the period from 2005 to 2019 (based on CBD's periodic analysis of UAE banks). 
Fast growing Islamic financing banking franchise: The Islamic Banking business at CBD was launched in 2008 and is 
managed under the CBD Al Islami brand, offering Shari'a compliant financial solutions to retail banking, institutional and 
corporate customers. CBD rebranded its Islamic finance offering in 2015 and introduced a range of innovative Islamic 
products, including Sukuk custody and leverage on Sukuk products, as well as partnering with SALAMA Insurance to 
offer a diverse range of Takaful products. Gross Islamic financing increased by 6.4 per cent. to AED 12.1 billion as at 31 
December 2020 from AED 11.4 billion as at 31 December 2019, while Islamic customer deposits increased by 12.4 per 
cent. to AED 16.3  billion as at 31 December 2020 from AED 14.5 billion as at 31 December 2019. 
Strength of brand: CBD has a strong brand in the UAE, with a loyal customer base consisting primarily of Emirati owned 
businesses and customers with whom it has long standing relationships. A customer engagement survey carried by an 
external market research agency in 2019 revealed that 71 per cent. of CBD's Institutional Banking customers, 64 per cent. 
of Corporate Banking customers, 64 per cent. of Personal Banking customers, and 60 per cent. of Islamic Personal Banking 
customers surveyed reported that they felt engaged by CBD. These customers reported that they were satisfied with their 
banking relationship and were willing to continue with CBD and willing to recommend CBD. 
Shareholder support: The main shareholders and directors are eminent local businessmen who are able to provide 
management with genuine commercial insights which assist CBD in meeting the needs of its customers. The shareholding 
structure of the top five shareholders has remained stable since 2007. 
Quality of management: CBD's strategy is supported by the senior management's broad expertise in international, regional 
and national banks. Senior management have extensive experience in the banking sector in Dubai, the region and 
internationally. 
Distribution network: CBD is able to distribute its products through a variety of channels, which include its distribution 
network of 15 branches, one sales office, 161 ATMs and CDMs, a direct sales force, supported by a 24/7 call centre as 
well as internet and mobile banking services. 
Innovation and Digitisation: CBD's commitment to innovation and digitisation is recognised externally and as a result 
CBD received the "Best Customer Oriented Transformation" award in 2020 from the Transformers Awards, the IBSI 
Award for the Most Innovative Project for the Bank's Fintech Partnership with Demica, “Best Commercial Bank”, “Best 
Digital Transformation” Awards by MEA Finance, the  “Excellence in Payment” Award at the Finnovex Awards 2020 
and various awards in 2019, such as the "Most Innovative Digital Bank" by International Finance Magazine, the "`Most 
Innovative Card" by Seamless, the "Best Digital Service" from the Union of Arab Banks, the "Best Mobile Banking 
App" from Global Finance, and the "Best Digital Transformation Services" from Banker Middle East.

--- Page 122 ---
108 
 
 
 
 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised, issued and fully paid-up ordinary share capital of CBD comprises 
2,802,733,968 ordinary shares of AED 1 each (compared to 2,802,733,968 ordinary shares of AED 1 each as at 
31 December 2020 and as at 31 December 2019). 
From 2013 to 2020, CBD has distributed between 41 per cent. to 93 per cent. of its annual profits to its shareholders as 
dividends. 
As at 31 March 2021, 20 per cent. of the issued share capital of CBD was registered in the name of the ICD on behalf of 
the Government of Dubai. Of the balance of 80 per cent., which constitutes the free float of CBD's equity, there are six 
shareholders with a total holding of 44 per cent. of the issued share capital, each holding in 5 per cent. or more of CBD's 
share capital. These shareholders are Al Futtaim Private Co. (10.51 per cent.), Orient Insurance PJSC (8.84 per cent.), 
Abdulla Hamad Al Futtaim (6.95 per cent.), Ghobash Trading & Investment (6.37 per cent.), A.W. Rostamani Group 
(6.61 per cent.), and Al Majid Investments (5 per cent.). 
At CBD's annual general meeting held on 11 March 2020, the Bank's shareholders approved the ownership of up to 40 per 
cent. of the Bank's share capital by non-UAE nationals, subject to obtaining the necessary approval of the regulatory 
authorities.  On 14 June 2020, all regulatory formalities were completed and, since then, non-UAE nationals have been  
allowed to acquire the Bank's shares. 
Business Overview 
CBD categorises its business into four business segments: Institutional Banking, Corporate Banking, Personal Banking, 
and Trading and Other. As at 31 March 2021, the assets of the Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking segments 
together accounted for AED 68.43 billion, or 66.8 per cent. of CBD's total assets and their combined total liabilities 
amounted to AED 55.3 billion, or 61.6 per cent. of CBD's total liabilities. As at 31 December 2020, the assets of the 
Institutional Banking and Corporate Banking segment together accounted for AED 64.5 billion, or 66.2 per cent. of CBD's 
total assets and their combined total liabilities amounted to AED 54.5  billion, or 64.6 per cent. of CBD's total liabilities. 
CBD has six wholly owned subsidiaries: CBD Financial Services, which provides brokerage facilities for local shares and 
bonds; CBD Employment Services, which provides human resource services; Attijari Properties, which provides self-
owned property management services; CBD (Cayman) Limited, which was incorporated in the Cayman Islands in 2015 to 
facilitate funding for CBD; CBD (Cayman) II Limited, which was incorporated in the Cayman Islands in 2016 to negotiate 
and transact derivative agreements; and VS 1897 (Cayman) Limited which was incorporated in 2018 to manage 
investments acquired in the settlement of debt. CBD also has one associate, NGI, which underwrites life and general 
insurance business as well as certain reinsurance business. In addition, CBD provides Shari'a compliant financial services 
to corporate and retail customers through its "CBD Al Islami" finance division which it launched in 2008. 
For each of the four business segments, the following tables set out assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2021, as at 
31 December 2020 and as at 31 December 2019, and total operating income for the three month period ended 31 March 
2021 and 31 March 2020. 
Business Segments 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
(AED million) 
(%) 
31 March 2021  
 
 
 
 
Institutional Banking ................................................................  
38,187 
37.3 
      42,123 
46.9 
Corporate Banking ...................................................................  
30,240 
29.5 
      13,181  
14.7 
Personal Banking ......................................................................  
9,922 
9.7 
       24,346  
            27.1 
Trading and Other ....................................................................  
24,122 
23.5 
       10,197 
11.3 
 
102,471 
100 
       89,848 
100 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
(AED million) 
(%) 
31  December 2020  
 
 
 
 
Institutional Banking ................................................................  
36,061 
37 
41,461  
49.1  
Corporate Banking ...................................................................  
28,429  
29.2 
13,078  
15.5  
Personal Banking ......................................................................  
9,031  
9.3 
22,410  
         26.6 
Trading and Other ....................................................................  
23,838  
24.5  
7,456  
8.8 
 
97, 362 
       100  
84,408 
100

--- Page 123 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
(AED million) 
(%) 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 20191 
 
 
 
 
Institutional Banking ................................................................  
33,546 
38.1 
40,262 
51.7 
Corporate Banking ...................................................................  
25,289 
28.7 
10,906 
14.0 
Personal Banking ......................................................................  
7,767 
8.8 
18,741 
24.1 
Trading and Other ....................................................................  
21,467 
24.4 
7,943 
10.2 
 
88,069 
100.0 
77,852 
100.0 
 
 
 31 March 2021 
Total Operating Income 
31  March 2020  
Total Operating Income 
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
(AED million) 
(%)  
Institutional Banking .................................................................  
242 
33.1 
234 
30.9 
Corporate Banking ....................................................................  
           297 
40.6 
218 
28.8 
Personal Banking .......................................................................  
241 
33 
258 
34.1 
Trading and Other .....................................................................  
(49) 
(6.7) 
47 
6.2 
 
          731 
100.0 
757 
100 
 
 
31 December 2020 
Total Operating Income2 
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
Institutional Banking ........................................................................................................... 
982 
33  
Corporate Banking .............................................................................................................. 
1,040  
34.9  
Personal Banking ................................................................................................................. 
984  
33  
Trading and Other ............................................................................................................... 
(28) 
(.9) 
 
2,978  
100.0 
 
31 December 2019 
Total Operating Income  
 
(AED million) 
(%) 
Institutional Banking ........................................................................................................... 
832 
27.4 
Corporate Banking .............................................................................................................. 
792 
26.1 
Personal Banking ................................................................................................................. 
1,023 
33.7 
Treasury and Others ............................................................................................................ 
387 
12.8 
 
3,033 
100.0 
1   
During the year ended 31 December 2020, CBD re-aligned its segments and business lines. Therefore, certain numbers reflected above have been 
reclassified, where necessary, to conform with the current segmentation.  
Institutional Banking 
As at and for the three month period ended 31 March 2021, the Institutional Banking segment accounted for AED 38 billion 
or 37 per cent. of CBD's total assets (compared to AED 36  billion or 37  per cent. as at 31 December 2020) and AED 242 
million, or 33 per cent., of CBD's total operating income (compared to AED 234 million, or 31 per cent., for the three  
month period ended 31 March  2020). 
Institutional Banking provides a range of credit and non-credit banking products and services to large corporate clients 
(including government related entities). Institutional Banking clients have annual sales/turn-over greater than AED 
750 million. Products offered to CBD's corporate clients include a wide range of traditional trade finance products which 
are designed to service their purchase procurement and export related credit requirements. 
Institutional Banking also offers purchase financing products such as letters of credit, letters of credit refinancing, open 
account trade financing (including pre-shipment, post-shipment and advance payments) and loans against collection 
documents, trade bills discounting, avalisation (where CBD guarantees the obligations of a buyer to a seller in accordance 
with the relevant contractual terms) and bankers' acceptances. Export financing products such as Tasdeer Finance 
(involving pre/post shipment finance against export letters of credit and the negotiation of other export trade documents) 
are also offered to corporate customers and non-customers through a programme which is managed by CBD's Trade Sales 
Team. CBD also provides payables and receivables financing solutions to support the working capital needs of its clients. 
Non-credit related products include payment services which enable corporate customers to transfer funds between 
accounts, initiate payments to government entities, initiate single or bulk third party payments and initiate trade transactions

--- Page 124 ---
110 
 
 
 
 
(such as letters of credit and guarantees). Institutional Banking customers are also offered receivables management services, 
including cash and cheque collection services, as well as providing 24/7 cash and cheque deposit machines to deposit funds 
at the customer's convenience. CBD's liquidity management services assist customers in managing account balances across 
their organisations to consolidate cash flows and order to improve interest efficiency. CBD can also invest funds overnight 
or pay down revolving lines of credit. CBD also offers escrow services to corporate customers. CBD is a registered escrow 
agent with the Real Estate Regulatory Authority for developers who require an escrow account when launching new 
projects. 
As part of its commitment to digitalisation, CBD continues to invest in iBusiness, an innovative corporate online banking 
platform that aims to provide corporate clients with a user-friendly online banking platform. iBusiness allows clients to 
view account balances, initiate online payments, apply for various trade products and manage daily liquidity positions.  
Institutional Banking also offers a range of treasury products and services which can be tailored to suit a company's specific 
treasury needs. Some of the products offered by the treasury team are: foreign exchange and FX derivatives, interest rate 
hedging, commodity hedging, investment products and structured investment products. 
A centralised team of experienced relationship managers, based at CBD's Head Office, is responsible for large corporations 
located in Dubai and the Northern Emirates. Abu Dhabi-based large corporate clientele are managed through a team based 
in Abu Dhabi. 
In 2018, CBD identified the need for, and recognised the growth opportunity of, establishing a specialised relationship 
team with a specific mandate to cover and manage the contracting industry in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, and the Northern Emirates. 
This initiative aims to mitigate risks by having a more comprehensive understanding of the contracting industry, grow and 
develop CBD's contracting portfolio, and provide technical support and market knowledge to CBD's customers. 
CBD has also established a fully-fledged commodity finance team, with the aim to provide regional and international 
companies with comprehensive solutions for the financing of their local and international businesses, including a full range 
of standard and/or bespoke products. 
To deliver the planned growth in a sustainable and diversified manner the Bank established a dedicated Real Estate team 
as well as a Liability Management team 
The Debt Capital Markets Unit assists large corporate customers with issuing securities in the domestic debt capital 
markets. 
The COVID-19 pandemic  posed a major threat to public health and  had a substantial impact on  global economic growth. 
In line with the UAE government’s initiatives to support the UAE economy, CBD  assisted its clients with the rescheduling 
of loans where required. Additionally, CBD assisted certain core UAE corporates and institutions within the trade, 
hospitality and real estate sector to expand their businesses by issuing new loans to existing as well as new clients. CBD 
continues to invest in fully scalable technology to cater to wholesale banking customers by providing them with a high 
quality experience based on integrated digital channels across different platforms. The Bank's focus during 2020 was on 
digital transformation, besides supporting businesses financially. CBD enhanced its capabilities to provide its clients with 
contactless banking solutions, and migrated the majority of Wholesale banking transactions from branches to alternative 
digital platforms. 
As part of the Bank's ‘Default Digital’ plan, CBD successfully implemented various digital initiatives in 2020, including 
the Remote Presentation of Trade Documents, Card-less Cash Withdrawals and a Digital Document Centre, all of which 
enabled the bank to meet customers’ growing business requirements, reduce turnaround times significantly and expand the 
digital footprint of transaction banking products. The iCollect Campaign was another milestone through which the Bank 
successfully enrolled its top 50 WBG clients, thereby eliminating the need to visit branches or cash deposit machines to 
deposit cheques and collect returned cheques. iCollect allows corporates to present cheques for clearing from the comfort 
of their office allowing for quicker presentation and clearing opportunity. This service is performed through a dedicated 
MICR readable scanner provided by the bank to electronically scan the cheques to the bank 
CBD’s innovation program “Eureka” focused on working together with leading FinTechs from around the world to bring 
customer-centric and disruptive solutions to its client base. One of the main deliverables from this programme dealth with 
the challenge of helping business owners to meet their financial goals by unlocking and improving liquidity for their 
companies. To this end, CBD implemented a digital supply chain finance ("SCF") platform offering both buyer-led and

--- Page 125 ---
111 
 
 
 
 
supplier-led financing solutions.  The SCF proposition is the first of its kind in the Middle East and is designed to help 
CBD’s corporate clients who want to improve their supply chain management and the relationship with their suppliers. 
As a result of CBD's commitment to innovative digital technologies, CBD has been ranked by wholesale banking customers 
as one of the best transaction banking service providers in the UAE.  CBD has won several industry awards, including: 
• 
Innovation Award - Most Effective Bank-Fintech Partnership, IBS Intelligence; and 
• 
Excellence in Payment, Finnovex Awards. 
Corporate  
Banking 
As at and for the  three  period ended 31 March  2021, the Corporate Banking segment accounted for AED 30.2 billion or 
29.5 per cent. of CBD's total assets (compared to AED 28.4 billion or 29 per cent. as at 31 December 2020), and 
AED 297  million, or 40.6 per cent., of CBD's total operating income (compared to AED 218 million, or 28.8 per cent., for 
the three month period ended 31 March  2020). 
Corporate Banking provides overdrafts, loans, working capital finance, asset backed lending, trade finance, asset backed 
lending, deposit products, payments and cash management products, and treasury products and services to commercial 
(mid-sized) clients with annual sales ranging between AED 100 million to AED 750 million. 
Corporate Banking clients are managed by relationship managers strategically located at corporate centres in the UAE. 
Clients are also serviced from CBD's branch network across the UAE. Product specialists from Treasury, Trade Finance 
and Payments and Cash Management teams work closely with relationship managers to propose tailor-made products to 
meet clients' needs. 
Corporate Banking also seeks to expand its customer base by leveraging its Trade Finance, Cash Management and Treasury 
expertise. It has a dedicated Cash Management, Treasury, and Trade Sales staff to provide product expertise and advice to 
corporate customers. CBD believes that this coordinated approach has enabled it to strengthen its relationships with its 
Corporate Banking customers, generate and increase business and offer additional channels of engagement through CBD's 
network of experienced product professionals. 
The Corporate Banking segment offers a wide range of trade finance products to service the purchase/procurement related 
financial requirements of its corporate customers as well as their export-related credit requirements. It also offers purchase 
financing products such as letters of credit, letters of credit refinancing, open account trade financing (including pre-
shipment, post-shipment and advance payments) and loans against collection documents. 
As with Institutional Banking customers, export financing related products such as 'Tasdeer' finance are also offered to 
Corporate Banking customers and non-customers. Supply chain financing is also available to Corporate Banking clients. 
Corporate Banking offers the same range of treasury products and services which are available to institutional clients. 
Relationship managers and dedicated Payments and Cash Management specialists design and provide customised cash 
management solutions that meet client needs and address future strategic opportunities. Some of the products offered 
through Cash Management are: Wages Protection System (WPS), Escrow Services, Payments, Receivables and Liquidity 
Management, E-Commerce Solutions and Corporate Cards. 
In addition to the above products and services, Corporate Banking also provides Syndication, Asset Management and 
Investment Advisory services to its customers. 
Personal Banking 
As at and for the three month period ended 31 March 2021, the Personal Banking segment accounted for AED 9.9 billion 
or 9.7 per cent. of CBD's total assets (compared to AED 9 billion or 9 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) and 
AED  241  million, or 33 per cent., of CBD's total operating income (compared to AED 258 million, or 34 per cent., for 
the three month period ended 31 March 2020). 
CBD's Personal Banking clients are divided into the following segments based on income and wealth: 
• 
private banking clients with AUM of USD 1 million;

--- Page 126 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
• 
affluent clients with monthly salaries of more than AED 40,000, or assets under management ("AUM") of 
AED 400,000; 
• 
mid-tier clients (Personal), with monthly salaries of between AED 5,000 to 40,000; 
• 
modest income clients (Direct), with monthly salaries of less than AED 5,000; and 
• 
small business clients with less than AED 100 million annual sales turnover. 
CBD offers a range of products and services to its Personal Banking clients. It offers current and savings and e-Saving 
(digital) accounts to eligible customers with free debit cards, as well as standing instruction, direct debit and safe deposit 
locker facilities. The 'Smartkidz' savings program includes three recurring deposits, 'Mustaqbali' (child savings) plan and 
'Bonus Booster' and 'Premium Saver', enabling parents and children to save and plan for the future. These savings plans 
have a term ranging from 18 months to five years and allow for monthly contributions. Principal amount is guaranteed for 
the term of the plans which also offer customers additional features. Personal loans are offered to eligible Personal Banking 
customers at competitive interest rates. 'Tasaheel' is an overdraft facility that allows customers to overdraw their account 
up to a pre-approved limit at competitive interest rates. Tamweel is a car finance scheme that offers customers the car of 
their choice at competitive interest rates with repayment periods up to 60 months. CBD also offers mortgage finance to 
eligible customers for longer terms at competitive interest rates. An extensive range of card products are offered to Personal 
Banking customers with features designed to meet the needs of specific customer segments. CBD launched a range of 
bancassurance products in 2014 which have catered to the requirements of Personal Banking customers. 
CBD also provides wealth management services to its high net worth personal customers through its Elite Management 
Centres and Private Banking Centre in Dubai. 
CBD's strategic plan has identified growth in Personal Banking operations as a strategic priority for itself. CBD believes 
that expanding Personal Banking has the potential to accelerate growth in its revenues in the medium-term, to diversify 
balance sheet asset concentration risk away from institutional and corporate segments and to have a positive impact on 
CBD's overall risk-return profile, for example, by reducing CBD's overall cost funding and increasing its yield on its 
portfolio of loans and advances. CBD continues its focus on growing its Personal Banking customer base by investing in 
its digital banking frameworks to enhance customers' experience by using state of the art technology, expanded distribution 
channels, new products and a relationship-driven approach. CBD continues to pursue its strategy of becoming 'Default 
Digital' and it saw increasing numbers of customers using CBD's new mobile channels and digitally enabled services such 
as online transfers and bill payments (for more information, see "– Information Technology ("IT"))". CBD successfully 
implemented the integration of multiple apps into a single app, extending mobile app access to Islamic banking credit card 
customers. 
Improving customer experience online has allowed CBD to engage with customers better and provide a simple, fast and 
user-friendly banking experience. This helped CBD significantly expand its Personal Banking customer base since 2015, 
as well as the division's contribution to overall revenues. Total assets within Personal Banking increased by 9.9 per cent. 
as at 31 March 2021 compared to 31 December 2020, while operating income of AED 241 million for the three  month 
period ended 31 March 2021, is at a lower level when compared with the three  month period ended 31 March 2020 mainly 
due to lower interest income as a result of  lower interest rates. Personal Banking income constituted 33 per cent. of CBD's 
total operating income for the three month period ended 31 March  2021 (compared to 34 per cent. for the three month 
period ended 31 March 2020). 
CBD provides back-end system and process support to a significant number of public sector payments in the UAE which 
has helped it to acquire new business from public sector entities. These are now serviced with CBD's cash online and e-
commerce solutions.  
The credit card business witnessed consistent growth in the portfolio size in 2020. This was due to increased digital 
solutions supported by a significant consumer shift to online shopping as a result, in part, of the restrictions introduced in 
the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
The mortgage portfolio exhibited steady growth through strategic alliances with key partners and via new product offerings. 
The personal loan portfolio remained stable with a continued focus on return for risk. Current and savings account growth 
continued across the retail and small business segment. 
As part of our ‘Default Digital’ focus, CBD launched several new digital initiatives and products including the CBD Digi 
Account, virtual debit and credit cards and Digi Loans. These products enabled new-to-bank customers to open a CBD

--- Page 127 ---
113 
 
 
 
 
account instantly, receive a new credit or debit card or even obtain a loan for emergency cash in just a few minutes using 
only their Emirates ID. 
As part of the ongoing efforts to support the UAE economy and back the businesses operating in the country, CBD also 
partnered with DED in Dubai to provide banking services to investors availing new or renewing their trade licenses. 
Through this partnership, DED license holders can open a CBD account and receive preferential rates on local and 
international transfers and have the opportunity to earn up to 100 per cent. of their trade license fees back based on the 
average daily balance maintained. 
The Personal Banking Group  won several awards in 2020, a testament to the innovative products and services offered by 
the bank:  
• 
Best Mobile Banking App in UAE – Global Finance; 
• 
Best in Lending – Global Finance; 
• 
Most Innovative Card of the Year for CBD One – Seamless Awards 2020; and 
• 
Best Product Launch – Middle East for CBD Digi Account, EMEA Finance. 
Trading and Other 
As at and for the three  month period ended 31 March 2021, the Trading and Other segment accounted for AED 24.1 billion 
of CBD's total assets (compared to AED 23.8 billion as at 31 December 2020) and reported an AED 49 million operating 
loss (compared to AED 47 million operating income for the three  month period ended 31 March  2020). The asset balances 
represent investments and balance sheet positions associated with funding CBD. The operating loss in the Trading and 
Other segment was primarily on account of the drop in inter-bank interest rates in the UAE, in response to the reduction in 
the interest rates announced by the U.S. Federal Reserve. For further information, see "CBD faces risks associated with 
changes in market prices". 
A key role of the trading business is to ensure proactive balance sheet management, adequate funding and prudent liquidity 
management to support CBD's asset growth. This is carried out in line with the policies and limits set by the Board and 
overseen by CBD's Group Asset and Liability Committee ("ALCO"). The unit also manages CBD's proprietary fixed 
income portfolio. 
Islamic Banking 
The Islamic banking business at CBD was launched in 2008 and is managed under the "CBD Al Islami" brand, offering a 
wide range of Shari'a-compliant products to retail, corporate and commercial customers. 
CBD Al Islami has its own Shari'a supervisory committee ("ISSC"), comprising of three leading scholars in the field of 
Islamic banking, that governs the operations and the development of the Islamic products offered by CBD Al Islami and 
assures compliance with Shari'a principles. 
CBD Al Islami has successfully developed a range of Islamic products and services offered to customers through its 14 
centres and one dedicated unit across the UAE, and currently offers the following Islamic products and services: 
• 
Mudarabah Investment (investment deposits, saving accounts and E-Saver); 
• 
Wakala - Investment (normal, flexi, notice, step up and children's savings); 
• 
Current Account – Qard Hassan; 
• 
Ijarah (property (purchase & refinance), farm and land finance); 
• 
Forward Ijarah; 
• 
Personal Finance – Tawarruq (Murabaha DMCC, Murabaha LME); 
• 
Murabaha Trade Finance; 
• 
Vehicle Murabaha; 
• 
Treasury products (FX, PRS, TARF and Sukuk Murabaha (purchase & refinance)); and 
• 
Islamic Credit Card (Infinite, Signature and Platinum). 
During 2020, CBD Al Islami continued to provide a range of Sharia compliant products and services, embraced with 
smart technology to empower customers to apply digitally for the instant issuance of Islamic credit cards, personal 
finance, multi currencies, instant account opening and instant remittances to various corridors.

--- Page 128 ---
114 
 
 
 
 
The Sharia Compliance process has undergone substantial development over the past two years. The Higher Sharia 
Authority from the Central Bank of the UAE has started issuing comprehensive regulations aimed at standardising the 
Islamic banking industry. In this context, the Bank has initiated steps in coordination with various functions within the 
Bank to fully align our Islamic window operations. 
For the three month period ended and as at 31 March 2021, the Islamic financing portfolio of CBD Al Islami increased by 
2.3 per cent., accounting for 16.8 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing, as compared to 
31 December 2020, whereas Islamic customer deposits increased by 0.6 per cent., accounting for 23 per cent. of CBD's 
customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits, as compared to 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, CBD Al Islami saw a 6.4  per cent. increase in Islamic financing assets and a 12.4 per cent. 
increase in Islamic customers' deposits when compared with the position as at 31 December 2019. 
Branch Network and Product Distribution 
CBD operates across the UAE through a network of 5 branches. CBD offers conventional as well as Shari'a compliant 
Islamic products through these branches. CBD also operates one sales office as well as 163 ATMs and CDMs. Nine 
branches are located in prominent locations in Dubai, two branches are located in Abu Dhabi, and one branch is located in 
each of the Emirates of Sharjah, Ajman, Fujairah, and Ras Al Khaimah. 
Institutional Banking customers are served by a centrally located team of relationship managers. All credit decisions are 
made by a central credit department located in CBD's head office and credit risk is closely monitored by the Risk 
department which is also located in Dubai. 
CBD provides its customers with secure on-line banking services as well as e-payment services which permit customers to 
facilitate payment to a range of government, semi-government and utility companies. CBD promotes the culture of service 
excellence and the adoption of innovative digital technologies which has been evidenced by the ranking of CBD by 
wholesale banking customers as the leading domestic payment and cash management bank in the UAE. As a testament to 
this, CBD won several awards from industry leaders, including: 
• 
Innovation Award - Most Effective Bank-Fintech Partnership – IBS Intelligence; 
• 
Excellence in Payment - Finnovex Awards; 
• 
Best Mobile Banking App in UAE – Global Finance; 
• 
Best in Lending – Global Finance; 
• 
Most Innovative Card of the Year for CBD One – Seamless Awards 2020; 
• 
Best Product Launch – Middle East for CBD Digi Account, EMEA Finance; 
• 
Most Innovative Project for Bank-Fintech Partnership with Demica - IBSI Award; 
• 
Best Commercial Bank and Best Digital Transformation Awards - MEA Finance; and 
• 
Excellence in Payment Award – Finnovex Awards. 
Human Resources and Employees 
The focus of the Human Resources Department is to attract and retain talented employees and continue CBD's investment 
in organisational capability and culture. CBD introduced a reward and development programme that linked key employee 
performance indicators to CBD's annual operating plan. The implementation and strengthening of this programme has 
enhanced CBD's ability to identify and reward performance, which has allowed CBD to align employee rewards 
specifically and appropriately to commercial and functional achievements. 
Several new HR processes and programmes were introduced in 2020 including the automation of employee on-boarding, 
an enhanced digital proposition for personal development and an HR chat bot, as CBD accelerated technology 
enhancements during the year. The annual “Innovation Challenge” which aims to promote new ideas and concepts for the 
benefit of the Bank's customers attracted more than 170 suggestions and the Bank aims to implement the best suggestions 
in 2021. 
The Central Bank guidelines on Emiratization were achieved and more new hires were enrolled into "Idikhar", CBD’s 
long-term employee loyalty scheme for UAE Nationals. 2020 represented another record year for attracting candidates to 
the Bank's UAE National Graduate Programme, "Tumoo7", and a number of development programmes for junior Emirati 
staff were also launched. Many of the Bank’s learning and development programmes were supported through increasing 
participation in the curriculum offered by the Emirates Institute for Banking and Financial Studies.

--- Page 129 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
CBD employed approximately 1,332 staff of 44 nationalities as at 31 March 2021, and employed 1,342 staff of 44 
nationalities as at 31 December 2020.  
Information Technology 
Information Technology ("IT") is a key element of CBD's strategy.  A full spectrum of IT services ranging from 
enterprise architecture and governance, strategic planning and innovation to solutions delivery and operations is provided 
by CBD's IT Department.  During 2020, CBD's IT team delivered more than 75 transformation projects and 235 
significant enhancements to existing investments. 
CBD's IT team involvement in the ‘Eureka’ innovation framework enabled the Bank to navigate the expanding landscape 
of technology solutions in alignment with the Bank's strategy of digital transformation and, during 2020, CBD's 
technology team successfully launched a number of digital projects with leading FinTech companies.   
Property 
CBD owns 46 properties, of which eight are used for its operations and the remaining were acquired by way of settlement 
of customer debts (which are classified as available for sale investment properties). In addition, CBD leases 10 properties 
across the UAE, which are used for CBD's operations. As at 31 December 2020, the net book value of freehold land and 
buildings amounted to AED 154 million; investment properties at AED 191 million; and AED 1,170 million for properties 
acquired in settlement of debt. 
Litigation 
In the ordinary course of business, CBD may be subject to governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings. No material 
provision has been made as at the date of this Base Prospectus regarding any outstanding legal proceedings against CBD. 
Quarterly reviews are conducted by CBD in order to ascertain whether provisioning is required and, if necessary, the 
estimated amount. 
Insurance 
CBD maintains insurance cover in respect of various insurable risks under a range of insurance policies. These include 
Bankers Blanket Bond, Terrorism and Sabotage and Property All Risks. Assets are covered on a replacement cost basis. 
CBD also has in place customer related insurance cover such as credit life insurance, credit card insurance, travel insurance, 
mortgage property insurance and mortgage life insurance. 
The level of insurance cover proposed by management is reviewed by CBD's Audit Committee. 
Risk Management 
The Board has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of CBD's risk management framework, compliance 
with which is monitored by the Board's Audit Committee, Risk Committee and Board Executive Committee ("BEC"). 
CBD's senior management is responsible for developing and monitoring CBD's risk management policies. The primary 
responsibility of fulfilling this role lies with the ALCO, the Credit Committee and the Executive Committee which meet 
frequently to appraise CBD's risk profile and various risk issues see "Corporate Governance – Management Committees". 
CBD faces a range of risks in its business and operations. These include credit, market, settlement, liquidity, operational, 
reputational and legal risks. Each of these risks is described in further detail below. Efficient and timely management of 
these risks is critical to CBD's financial stability and profitability. Risk management involves identifying, measuring, 
monitoring and managing these risks on a regular basis with the objective of increasing shareholder value and achieving a 
return on equity that is commensurate with the risks assumed. 
CBD has acquired and implemented systems for credit origination, analysis, rating, pricing and approval in order to control 
credit, market, liquidity and asset and liability management risks. For treasury-based risks, CBD has systems for front, mid 
and back offices to manage market, liquidity and asset and liability management risks efficiently. CBD has developed tools 
that facilitate the analysis, quantification and reporting of operational risk events or losses, measured to a high degree of 
detail, and which produce a variety of comprehensive reports that are delivered to senior management at prescribed 
intervals by designated officers.

--- Page 130 ---
116 
 
 
 
 
CBD is also exposed to a number of other risks (such as interest rate, concentration, strategic, business and legal and 
compliance risks) which are managed, quantified, monitored and reported as part of CBD's internal capital adequacy 
assessment policy ("ICAAP") framework. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to CBD if a client or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual 
obligations. CBD's exposure to credit risks arises mainly through its loans and advances, Islamic financing, due from banks 
and investment in debt securities. The Board Executive Committee BEC oversee the quality of CBD's credit and investment 
portfolio and effectiveness of its credit policies and to approve loans and investment above management limits. The Board 
has also delegated the responsibility for the management of credit risk to the Risk Committee. The Risk Committee 
formulates credit policies, develops authorisation structures and limits for the approval and renewal of credit facilities, 
establishes exposure limits and monitors actual exposures, monitors and limits industry, geographic and counterparty 
exposures, develops, maintains and monitors compliance with CBD's risk grading systems, designs credit review processes 
and ensures acceptable diversification within established limits. 
CBD uses credit risk grades as a primary input into the determination of the term structure of the probability of default 
("PD") for exposures. CBD collects performance and default information about its credit risk exposures, analysed by 
jurisdiction or region, by type of product and borrower, as well as by credit risk grading. The Group credit risk rating 
methodology has 22 grades, whereby: 
Classification 
Grades 
Risk significance 
Performing ............................  
1 - 19 
Good performing assets and debt securities with External Credit Assessment (ECA) of better 
than "B-" to "AAA". 
Non-performing ....................  
20 - 22 
Impaired financial assets (i.e. substandard, doubtful and loss). 
 
CBD analyses all data collected using statistical models and estimates the remaining lifetime PD of exposures and how 
these are expected to change over time. The factors taken into account in this process include macro-economic data such 
as GDP growth, unemployment, benchmark interest rates and house prices. CBD generates a 'base case' scenario of the 
future direction of relevant economic variables as well as a representative range of other possible forecast scenarios. CBD 
then uses these forecasts, which are probability-weighted, to adjust its estimates of PDs. 
CBD uses different criteria to determine whether credit risk has increased significantly for each obligor. The criteria used 
are both quantitative changes in PDs as well as qualitative. 
Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, CBD presumes that the credit risk of a financial asset has increased 
significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless CBD has 
reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise. 
CBD has monitoring procedures in place to make sure that the criteria used to identify a significant increase in credit risk 
are effective, meaning that such increase is identified before the exposure is defaulted. CBD performs periodic back-testing 
of its ratings to consider whether the drivers of credit risk that led to default were accurately reflected in the rating in a 
timely manner. 
CBD's credit application workflow covers the origination, financial analysis, credit rating, pricing, collateral management 
and approval processes. Proposals are prepared and recommended by the relevant business area and are then separately 
reviewed, using a range of analytical techniques, in a two-stage process by the Credit and Risk Management Group. 
Proposals are thereafter submitted for consideration to the Credit Committee. Additional approvals may be required from 
the BEC, and in certain cases the Board, depending on the size of proposal or overall exposure proposed. 
The Credit Control Unit, which is independent of the above-mentioned credit committee, monitors compliance of the 
transaction documentation, and the security required for the proposal (if any), with the terms of the Credit Committee's 
approval. Following execution of the transaction documentation, the security (if any) is regularly valued and the facilities 
are regularly reviewed for compliance by the borrower with the terms of the facility. In certain circumstances, CBD may 
have the right to subsequently amend a facility based on the borrower's circumstances or on the market conditions. 
CBD holds collateral against gross loans and advances and Islamic financing in the form of cash, guarantees, mortgages 
and liens over properties or other security over assets. As at 31 December 2020, approximately 60 per cent. of CBD's net 
loan  portfolio was collateralised. Estimates of fair value are based on the value of collateral assessed at the time of

--- Page 131 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
borrowing, and are subsequently monitored on a periodic basis. Generally, collateral is not held against debt securities and 
amounts due from banks, and no such collateral was held as at 31 December 2020. 
COVID-19 
In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, CBD's Corporate Credit Risk department has identified, and continues to review on a 
frequent basis, the most vulnerable sectors to the economic uncertainty and volatility arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
These include: 
• 
tourism and hospitality; aviation and airlines;; 
• 
retail; logistics; and 
• 
manufacturing; real estate; education. 
 
CBD continues to apply robust underwriting standards to companies in the above sectors, especially for any new-to-bank 
customers. Extra measures, such as requiring additional approvals for disbursals of facilities, have been implemented to 
ensure a high level of scrutiny over the credit management process. In particular, CBD aims to demonstrate a prudential 
and thorough approach to underwriting across the retail sector while also supporting customers and businesses across the 
UAE. 
On a case by case basis in the Institutional, Corporate and Retail segments, CBD has approved payment holidays to certain 
customers, ranging from 3 to 6 month deferrals. CBD has extensively reviewed the past account conduct and payment 
history of borrowers requesting payment holidays, prior to granting approvals. CBD exercises considered judgement in 
assessing whether the cash flow and liquidity issues faced by the applicant customer are temporary or long term in nature. 
CBD is conducting frequent reviews of Loan to Value ("LTV") ratios on the securities held against facilities, specifically 
securities which are illiquid in nature. 
CBD exercises considered judgement in assessing and estimating areas such as Expected Credit Losses ("ECL"). Given 
the uncertainty and limited forward looking information available, CBD has adopted an approach of implementing a 
judgmental overlay to its ECL model by changing its macroeconomic weightages and stressing the economic inputs to the 
IFRS 9 model. CBD will continue to monitor and evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and will consider 
adjusting its ECL model in subsequent quarters if required. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates and credit 
spreads, will affect CBD's income or the value of a financial instrument. 
The Board sets the risk appetite pertaining to market risk which translates into risk limits which are closely monitored by 
Group Risk Management, reported daily to senior management and discussed monthly by the ALCO. 
CBD separates its exposure to market risk between trading and non-trading portfolios with overall responsibility vested in 
the ALCO. The Group Risk Management department is responsible for the development of detailed risk management 
policies and for the day-to-day implementation, subject to review and approval by the ALCO. 
Settlement Risk 
CBD's activities may give rise to risk at the time of settlement of transactions and trades. Settlement risk is the risk of loss 
due to the failure of counterparty to honour its obligations to deliver cash, securities or other assets as contractually due. 
Any delays in settlement are rare and are monitored and quantified as part of CBD's ICAAP framework and Operational 
Risk Management. 
For certain types of transactions, CBD mitigates this risk by conducting settlements through a settlement / clearing agent 
to ensure that a trade is settled only when both parties have fulfilled their contractual settlement obligations. Settlement 
limits form part of the credit approval/limit monitoring process described above. Acceptance of settlement risk on free 
settlement trades requires transaction specific or counterparty specific approvals from the Group Risk Management 
Department.

--- Page 132 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that CBD will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with financial liabilities 
that are settled by delivering cash or other financial assets. It includes the risk of the inability to fund assets at appropriate 
maturities and rates and the inability to liquidate assets at reasonable prices and in an appropriate timeframe and inability 
to meet obligations as they become due. Liquidity risk can be caused by market disruptions or credit downgrades which 
may cause certain sources of funding to diminish. 
In order to ensure that liquidity risk remains within prudent levels, the Board and senior management have laid down the 
following key parameters which are operated on a regular basis: 
Parameter 
Monitored by 
Frequency 
Advances to Stable Resources1 ....................................... 
Management 
Daily 
Loan to Deposit2 .............................................................. 
Management 
Daily 
Eligible Liquid Asset Ratio3 ............................................ 
Board and Management 
Weekly 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio4 ............................................... 
Board and Management 
Monthly 
Net Stable Funding Resources Ratio5 ............................. 
Board and Management 
Monthly 
 
1 
Advances to Stable Resources Ratio is defined by the UAE Central Bank. The net loans and short-term placements with banks are calculated as a 
ratio to the stable funds namely shareholders' equity and term funding with residual maturity over six months with a 15 per cent. haircut for deposits 
maturing within six months; 
2 
Loan to Deposit Ratio is expressed as a ratio of customer loans to customer deposits; 
3 
Eligible Liquid Asset Ratio is a ratio of eligible liquid assets as prescribed by the UAE Central Bank (includes balances with the UAE Central Bank 
and 0% risk weighted sovereign bonds) to total liabilities; 
4 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio is a liquidity standard prescribed by Basel III and represents the ratio of eligible liquid assets to net cash outflows over the 
next 30 days; and 
5 
Net Stable Funding Resources Ratio is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that the banks have sufficient long term funding beyond the LCR's 30 
day time horizon to meet both the funding of its long term assets and the funding of a portion of contingent liability drawdowns under a period of 
market wide stress. 
 
CBD also performs weekly liquidity stress tests based on contractual and behavioural maturity profiles. These tests are 
carried out with projections of both nominal and stress scenarios. The results are circulated to senior management and 
ALCO members. 
CBD calculates and monitors its key parameters, i.e. Liquidity Coverage Ratio, Eligible Liquid Asset Ratio and Net Stable 
Funding Resources Ratio as calculated in accordance with available UAE Central Bank draft guidelines 
The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the liquidity and funding risk profile of the global banking system are evolving 
and remain under evaluation, as governments globally seek to provide relief and mitigate the adverse effects of the crisis. 
CBD's management of liquidity risk is disclosed in detail in Note 35(d) to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements. In 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, CBD is evaluating its liquidity and funding position and has taken into consideration 
all the reliefs provided by the UAE Central Bank, including the TESS programme. CBD had joined the UAE Central Bank's 
TESS programme and had utilised in full the zero cost funds earmarked for CBD. The Bank fully paid back the facility in 
November 2020 and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, CBD is no longer participating in the TESS programme. CBD 
will continue to monitor its liquidity position and the risks evolving due to the COVID-19 crisis. 
As at 31 March 2021, net loans and advances and Islamic financing constituted 68 per cent. of CBD's total assets. As at 
31 December 2020, net loans and advances and Islamic financing constituted 67 per cent. of CBD's total assets (compared 
to 68 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
The following table shows CBD's liquidity position as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
As at 31 December 2020 
Total 
Less than 1 
month 
From 1 to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No Fixed 
Maturity 
 
(AED Million) 
Assets 
 
Cash and balances with Central 
Bank ..............................................  
13,163 
10,742 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,421

--- Page 133 ---
119 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Total 
Less than 1 
month 
From 1 to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No Fixed 
Maturity 
 
(AED Million) 
Due from banks, net .....................  
4,219  
3,880 
               - 
162 
176 
- 
- 
Loans and advances and Islamic 
financing, net ................................  
65,289 
9.521 
4,312 
7,998 
24,442 
19,016 
- 
Investment securities, net .............  
5,263 
74 
297 
937 
3,955 
- 
- 
Investment in associate .................  
89 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
89 
Investment properties, net ............  
    191 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
191 
Property and equipment ...............  
290  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
290 
Bankers acceptances .....................  
5,972 
1,890 
239 
2,992 
14 
836 
- 
Other assets, net ............................  
2,886 
1,715 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,170 
Total assets ...................................  
97,362  
27,822 
4,848 
12,089 
28,588 
19,852 
4,161 
Liabilities and equity ....................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks .................................  
4,783 
935 
73 
2,094 
1,681 
- 
- 
Customer deposits and Islamic 
customer deposits .........................  
69,751 
33,716 
13,281 
22,255 
472 
26 
- 
Notes 
and 
medium 
term 
borrowings ....................................  
1,764 
- 
- 
592 
1,172 
- 
- 
Due for trade acceptances ............  
5,972 
1,890 
239 
2,992 
14 
837 
- 
Other liabilities .............................  
2,137 
2,094 
- 
- 
- 
- 
43 
Total liabilities ..............................  
84,408 
38,635 
13,593 
27,934 
3,339 
863 
43 
Gap representing equity................  
12,954 
(10,813) 
(8,745) 
(15,845) 
25,249 
18,989 
4,118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
Total 
Less than 1 
month 
From 1 to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No Fixed 
Maturity 
 
(AED Million) 
Assets 
 
Cash and balances with Central 
Bank ..............................................  
12,593 
6,979 
1,500 
400 
- 
- 
3,714 
Due from banks, net .....................  
2,428 
1,887 
184 
159 
198 
- 
- 
Loans and advances and Islamic 
financing, net ................................  
60,181 
8,587 
5,133 
7,505 
21,562 
17,395 
- 
Investment securities, net .............  
5,613 
- 
427 
929 
3,480 
777 
- 
Investment in associate .................  
85 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
85 
Investment properties, net ............  
199 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
199 
Property and equipment ...............  
274 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
274 
Bankers acceptances .....................  
5,347 
3,965 
653 
729 
- 
- 
- 
Other assets, net ............................  
1,350 
998 
- 
- 
- 
- 
352 
Total assets ...................................  
88,069 
22,416 
7,896 
9,721 
25,240 
18,172 
4,623 
Liabilities and equity ....................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks .................................  
4,167 
1,197 
76 
384 
2,509 
- 
- 
Customer deposits and Islamic 
customer deposits .........................  
63,334 
32,778 
11,050 
19,240 
209 
58 
- 
Notes 
and 
medium 
term 
borrowings ....................................  
3,231 
- 
- 
1,468 
1,763 
- 
- 
Due for trade acceptances ............  
5,347 
3,965 
653 
729 
- 
- 
- 
Other liabilities .............................  
1,774 
1,728 
- 
- 
- 
- 
45 
Total liabilities ..............................  
77,852 
39,669 
11,779 
21,821 
4,481 
58 
45 
Gap representing equity................  
10,217 
(17,253) 
(3,882) 
(12,100) 
20,759 
18,114 
4,578 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is defined by Basel as "The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events, this includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputation risks". 
CBD's objective is to manage operational risk, so as to balance the avoidance of financial losses and damage to CBD's 
reputation, with overall cost effectiveness and to avoid control procedures that restrict initiative, innovativeness and 
creativity.

--- Page 134 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
The primary responsibility for overseeing the establishment of sound operational risk management framework and 
monitoring the operational risk profile of CBD vests with the senior management of CBD, and is further assigned to the 
heads of individual units, departments or branches. 
CBD has in place an operational risk management system to collate operational risk information in an automated 
environment; this has enabled CBD to build operational risk databases to support migration to more complex approaches 
for computation of operational risk capital in the future. 
Moreover, CBD conducts an assessment of its disaster recovery and business continuity position, as well as detailed system 
risk assessments of all new/upgraded IT systems and assessment of Operational Risk elements in any new products to be 
launched or procedures to be implemented. Compliance with policies and procedures is supported by periodic reviews 
undertaken by Internal Audit. The function also undertakes a review of the insurance coverage available to CBD to maintain 
oversight of adequacy of insurance as necessitated by the Basel guidelines. The unit provides regular updates to the senior 
management and the Board, as well as the Risk Committee and the Audit Committee to support their mandate to maintain 
adequate oversight of CBD's operational risk framework and status of operational risks across all areas of CBD. 
Legal Risk 
During the ordinary course of business, CBD is subject to legal risks, proceedings and adjudications. CBD manages its 
regulatory compliance and monitors its potential exposure to any legal claims or regulatory actions through its internal 
legal department and CBD's Risk Committee. CBD employs a full-time legal adviser who deals with both routine and more 
complex legal issues. The legal adviser is involved in giving legal advice to CBD's departments. In addition, the legal 
adviser reviews CBD's documentation, products and contracts to ensure that they are in line with current regulations. 
Situations of particular complexity or sensitivity may be referred to external law firms. CBD has established a panel of 
external legal counsel, made up of leading local and international firms, to which it may refer matters as appropriate. 
Derivatives 
CBD enters into derivative contracts for the following reasons: 
• 
to hedge outstanding interest rate or foreign exchange positions; 
• 
to provide hedging solutions to clients to cover their market risk exposures; and 
• 
to take proprietary positions in anticipation of movements in market rates. 
CBD seeks to ensure that it enters into derivative transactions with clients only when it is satisfied that the client understands 
the risk profile of the product. 
Capital Management 
CBD is regulated by the UAE Central Bank, which sets and monitors regulatory capital requirements. CBD's objectives 
when managing capital are to: (i) safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and increase the returns to 
shareholders; and (ii) comply with the regulatory capital requirements set by the UAE Central Bank. Capital adequacy 
ratios are calculated in accordance with guidelines issued by the UAE Central Bank. The UAE Central Bank has set a 
minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratio (including Capital Conservation Buffer ("CBB")) of 13 per cent. 
CBD's capital resources policy is to maintain its capital base through the diversification of its sources of capital and the 
efficient allocation of capital. It seeks to maintain at all times a prudent relationship between its total capital, as measured 
according to the criteria used by the UAE Central Bank and the varied risks of its business. 
CBD calculates its risk asset ratio in accordance with capital adequacy guidelines established by the UAE Central Bank 
and the Basel Committee Guidelines (in accordance with the Basel III accord). 
The following table sets out the regulatory capital base, risk weighted assets and the capital adequacy ratio as at 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 and as at 31 March 2021:

--- Page 135 ---
121 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March 
Percentage change 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 2018 
2020 / 
2019 
31 March 
2020 / 31 
December 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
 
(%) 
Tier 1 capital ..................................  
8,529 
9,477 
12,244 
12,522 
11.1 
29.2 
2.3 
Tier 2 capital ..................................  
729 
839 
911 
959 
15.1 
8.5 
5.4 
Total regulatory capital ..............  
9,258 
10,315 
13,154 
13,481 
11.4 
27.5 
2.5 
Risk weighted assets (RWA) .........  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit risk ......................................  
58,284 
67,087 
72,842 
76,740 
15.1 
8.6 
5.4 
Market risk .....................................  
426 
470 
665 
767 
10.3 
41.5 
15.3 
Operation risk ................................  
4,893 
5,242 
5,494 
5,460 
7.1 
4.8 
(0.6) 
Risk weighted assets ....................  
63,603 
72,799 
79,001 
82,968 
14.5 
8.5  
5 
Tier 1 ratio ....................................  
13.41% 
13.02% 
15.50% 
15.09 
(2.9) 
19 
(2.6) 
Capital adequacy ratio ................  
14.56% 
14.17% 
16.65% 
16.25 
(2.7) 
17.5 
(2.4) 
 
The current minimum regulatory requirement of Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio stipulated by the UAE Central Bank is 11 
per cent (including CCB). 
CBD internally assesses its capital requirements taking into consideration growth requirements and business plans, and 
quantifies its regulatory as well as risk/economic capital requirements within its integrated ICAAP framework. 
Investments 
CBD's proprietary investments predominantly comprise quoted fixed income and equity investments in UAE and regional 
entities. Proprietary investments in non-UAE entities accounted for AED 3,818 million or 33.5 per cent. of the total 
portfolio as at 31 March 2021, AED 2,747 million or 52 per cent. of the total portfolio as at 31 December 2020, and AED 
2,373  million or 42 per cent. of the total portfolio as at 31 December 2019. 
The following table provides a breakdown of CBD's proprietary investments in UAE entities and non-UAE entities as at 
31 March 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
Proprietary Investments in 
UAE entities 
Proprietary Investments in non-
UAE entities 
Total Proprietary Investments 
 
31 
March 
31 December 
31 
March 
31 December 
31 
March 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(AED Million) 
Held at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equities .............................  
2 
- 
- 
305 
294 
254 
307 
294 
254 
Fixed rate securities ..........  
6 
26 
- 
- 
1 
- 
6 
27 
- 
Held at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
 ..........................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equities and Fund of funds 
92 
100 
49 
- 
- 
- 
92 
100 
49 
Fixed rate securities ..........  
3,628 
2,243 
2,861 
3,350 
2,287 
1,840 
6,978 
4,530 
4,701 
Floating rate securities ......  
225 
147 
330 
163 
163 
279 
387 
311 
609 
Held at amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
 Fixed rate securities 
3,610 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
3,609 
- 
- 
Total .................................  
7,563 
2,515 
3,240 
3,818 
2,747 
2,373 
11,381 
5,263 
5,613 
 
Recent Developments 
Impact of COVID-19 
The COVID-19 outbreak and pandemic has caused an unprecedented global economic and health crisis. The measures 
implemented by governments around the world to contain COVID-19 have triggered a significant economic downturn and 
increased volatility with a sharp fall in the price of risk assets and a significant deterioration in market liquidity. 
A number of central banks and governments have announced financial stimulus and economic support packages aimed at 
stabilising the economy and improving liquidity. In the UAE, effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank

--- Page 136 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
implemented the TESS programme, which includes a range of measures aimed at mitigating the economic effects of 
COVID-19, including capital buffer relief for banks and access to loans and advances extended at zero cost against 
collateral by the UAE Central Bank (see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Group's business – The Group's business, 
results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the impact of COVID-19"). CBD participated in 
the TESS programme, offering support to its customers impacted by COVID-19, and CBD utilised, in full, the AED 2.35 
billion of zero cost funds earmarked by the UAE Central Bank for CBD. On 5 November 2020, the Bank fully paid back 
the facility and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, CBD is no longer participating in the TESS programme. 
CBD's corporate portfolio is primarily UAE focused and as such, the relief measures provided by the TESS directly aid a 
significant majority of this sector, which is expected to mitigate some of the negative economic impact of COVID-19. 
However, the restrictive measures imposed by governments have also resulted in reduced demand in certain industries 
which have in turn resulted in redundancies, reduced pay and cash flow concerns for smaller businesses. All of this is 
expected to have a more immediate impact on CBD's retail portfolio and impact recoverability and liquidity.  
Corporate Governance 
CBD has adopted a Corporate Governance framework consistent with international best practice. The framework is created 
on principles of fair treatment for all stakeholders, forming the basis for an effective relationship between CBD, its Board, 
its shareholders and other stakeholders including customers, regulators and supervisors. 
The Board of Directors 
The Board has the collective responsibility to ensure the long-term success of CBD and to provide overall direction, 
supervision and control. It has complete responsibility for CBD's operations and financial stability. 
The Board sets CBD's strategic objectives and oversees the senior management. It also must ensure the effectiveness of 
internal control systems and keep a watch on the extent to which CBD abides by the strategic plans and written policies. 
In addition, it is responsible for the credibility of CBD's financial reports, the application of appropriate risk policies as 
well as compliance with all laws in force. 
The formation of the Board is governed by the Federal Law No. 2 of 2015. The current Board comprises of 11 Directors, 
each elected for a tenure of three years. The business address of each of the Director is Commercial Bank of Dubai, Al 
Ittihad Road, PO Box 2668, Dubai, UAE. 
Elections to the Board were held at an annual general meeting of the Bank on 17 March 2021 and, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Board comprises: 
H.E. Humaid Mohammed Obaid Al Qutami 
(Vice Chairman) 
- -Chairman of the Federal Authority for Government Human Resources 
- Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Hamdan Bin Rashid Al Maktoum 
- Award for Distinguished Academic Performance,  
- Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Sharjah Voluntary Work award 
- Chairman of the Board of Directors for Emirates Transport and Services 
Corporation.  
- He was until January 2021 the Director General of Dubai Health Authority. 
Prior to which he has held the position of UAE’s Minister of Education, the 
UAE Minister of Health amongst many high other profile positions 
 
Sultan Saeed Mohamed Nasser Al Mansoori 
(Director) 
- His Excellency Sultan Bin Saeed Al Mansoori has been appointed as Minister 
of Economy in the UAE, effective 17th of February, 2008. 
- Chairman of the Board of Trustees CSR UAE Fund 
- Chairman of the Supreme Committee for Consumer Protection 
- Chairman of the Coordinating and Economic Cooperation Committee 
- Chairman of the National Committee for the Follow-up Program of 
Investment Climate 
- Chairman of the UAE international Investors Council 
- Chairman of The UAE SME Council 
- Chairman of the UAE industrial Coordination Council 
- Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Securities and Commodities 
Authority 
- Chairman of the insurance Authority 
- Chairman of the Federal Civil Aviation Authority 
- Chairman of The Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre 
- Chairman of The Emirates Authority For Standardization & Metrology 
- Member of Education and Human Resources Council. 
- Member of the Ministerial Committee for Legislation

--- Page 137 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
- Member of the National Committee on Population Composition 
- Member of the Committee of Finance and Economy 
- Member of Higher National Committee for the Year of Giving 
 
Mr. Ahmad Abdulkarim Julfar 
(Director) 
 
- Director of Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC 
- Director General of Community Development Authority 
- Board Director of Smart Stream Technologies 
- Served as Group Chief Executive Officer of Etisalat from July 2011 to March 
2016.  
- Served as a Director of The National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah (P.S.C.) until 
March 2018. 
 
Mr. Abdulla Salem Alturifi (Director) 
- Chairman of the Sharjah Social Security Fund 
- Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Sharjah Award for Doctoral 
Dissertations in Management Science 
- Board Member of the Business Company of the American University of 
Sharjah 
- He was the Chief Executive Officer of the Securities and Commodities 
Authority (“SCA”) from 2003 to 2015. 
 
Mr. Abdulla Saif Al Hathboor 
(Director) 
- Chairman and Managing Director of Al Hathboor Group 
- Board Member of Best food Company and Al Jadeed/Dubai Automatic 
Bakeries 
- Board Member of Emirates Institute of Banking & Finance Studies 
 
Mr. Abdul Wahed Al Fahim 
(Director) 
- Board Member of Emirates Global Aluminium 
- Chairman of NASDAQ Dubai Limited 
- Board Member of DUBAL Holding LLC 
- Board Member of Emirates Development Bank 
- Board Member of Dubai Racing Club 
- Board Member of Dubai Equestrian Club 
 
Mr. Ali Fardan Al Fardan 
(Director) 
- Board Member of Dubai Investment Company 
- Board Member of Al Mal Capital 
- Vice Chairman of Al Fardan Holding 
- Managing Director of Al Fardan Real Estate 
- Vice Chairman of The First Investor 
- Vice Chairman of Naif Marine Services 
- Owner of Al Fardan Brands 
- Chairman of Carlton Hospitality and Management 
 
Mr. Buti Saeed Al Ghandi 
(Director) 
- Managing Director of Meethaq Employment Agency 
- Chairman of Emirates Investment and Development 
- Chancellor of the Canadian University of Dubai 
- Vice Chairman of Dubai World Trade Center 
- Director on the Board of the Dubai Chamber of Commerce 
- Managing Director of Al Ghandi Investment 
 
Hamad Omar Abdulla Hamad Al Futtaim 
(Director) 
- Hamad Al Futtaim joined the Board of CBD in March 2021. He is the 
- Managing Director of Al Futtaim Logistics and Director of Business 
- Transformation of Al Futtaim Group. Mr. Al Futtaim holds a B.S. in Business 
- Administration from the University of Northeastern, Boston, USA. 
 
Mr. Khalid Abdul Wahed Al Rostamani 
(Director) 
- Chairman and CEO of the A.W. Rostamani Group 
- Chairman of BCD Travel, Transport and Freight Forwarding 
- Board Member of Dubai Insurance Company 
- Board Member of Etisalat 
 
Sheikh Maktoum Hasher Al Maktoum (Director) 
 
- Chief Executive Officer of Al Fajer Properties LLC 
- Chairman of Dubai International Holding Company 
 
The following table sets out the number of shares held by each Board member as at 31 March 2021: 
Board Member 
Number of shares held 
H.E. Humaid Mohammed Al Qutami 
- 
Mr. Sultan Saeed Mohamed Nasser Al Mansoori 
- 
Mr. Ahmad Abdulkarim Mohd Julfar 
- 
Mr. Abdullah Salim Alturifi Alshamsi 
- 
Mr. Abdul Wahed Al Fahim 
- 
Mr. Hamad Omar Abdulla Hamad Al Futtaim 
-

--- Page 138 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
Sheikh Maktoum Hasher Al Maktoum 
136,722 
Mr. Khalid Abdul Wahed Al Rostamani 
4,061,536 
Mr. Abdulla Saif Al Hathboor 
1,337,004 
Mr. Ali Fardan Al Fardan 
- 
Mr. Buti Saeed Al Ghandi 
- 
Executive Senior Management 
The business address of each member of the executive senior management is Commercial Bank of Dubai, Al Ittihad Road, 
PO Box 2668, Dubai, UAE. 
Dr. Bernd van Linder (Chief Executive Officer) 
On 8 November 2016, the Board unanimously approved the appointment of Dr. Bernd van Linder as CBD's new Chief 
Executive Officer ("CEO"). Dr. van Linder joined CBD from Saudi Hollandi Bank in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, where 
he was CEO for nearly eight years. Prior to this, he was Head of Treasury at Saudi Hollandi Bank and worked at ABN 
AMRO Bank in a range of positions in Treasury, Risk Management and Strategy.  
Mr. Darren Clarke (Chief Financial Officer) 
Mr. Clarke joined CBD in April 2018. Prior to joining CBD, he was the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") for National 
Australia Bank (NAB), Asia and International, and was based in Singapore. He worked for NAB for 13 years, including in 
roles as the CFO for Global Markets & Treasury. Prior to this, Mr. Clarke worked for JPMorgan Chase in the UK, 
Luxembourg and Hong Kong. 
Mr. Mark Zanelli (General Manager, Treasury & ALM) 
Mr. Zanelli joined CBD in July 2017. Prior to joining CBD, he was the Head of Treasury at National Bank of Fujairah 
("NBF") for nearly ten years where he was responsible for the function's performance in Foreign Exchange, Money 
Markets, Investments and Bullion. Prior to joining NBF, Mr. Zanelli was the Head of Treasury for Burgan Bank in Kuwait 
and previously worked in both Kuwait and London in a number of trading roles for other financial institutions. 
Mr. Alan Blair Grieve (Chief Risk Officer) 
Mr. Grieve joined CBD following a 29-year career with HSBC which included senior leadership roles in Corporate 
Banking, Operations, and Risk Management. Mr. Grieve returns to the UAE after working in senior roles across Asia, 
Latin America, Europe and the Middle East. Most recently, Mr. Grieve served for five years as HSBC's Chief Risk Officer 
for China, based in Shanghai. Previous roles at HSBC included COO, Head of Special Assets, and Head of Wholesale 
Credit Risk for the Asia Pacific region. 
Mr. Stefan Kimmel (Chief Operating Officer) 
Mr. Kimmel joined CBD in February 2020. MR. Kimmel has over 20 years of international experience in the banking 
industry, including as a consultant for globally leading firms. Previous roles include Leader for Digital Technology 
Financial Services at PwC, Executive Partner Financial Services at IBM, Leader of Digital Technology and Analytics at 
Oliver Wyman and Principal for Technology Advantage at the Boston Consulting Group (BCG). 
In order to effectively discharge its duties, the Board is assisted by four Board Committees and seven Management 
Committees as illustrated below: 
Board Committees 
The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to committees as shown below. Each committee has a formal charter. 
Board Executive Committee ("BEC") 
The role of the BEC is primarily to oversee CBD's strategy implementation and exploring with management growth 
opportunities for the Bank and its businesses, follow up on the implementation of material IT and transformation projects 
and overseeing the overall IT and digital strategies, monitor operating and financial performance against set targets, 
approve larger credit facilities and investments above management limits; approve product programmes for those credit 
products approved on a programmatic basis; monitor material recovery cases and approving related restructurings or

--- Page 139 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
financial settlements, oversee the Bank’s approach to the most material sectorial and individual credit exposures in its 
portfolio, review the quality of the Bank’s investment portfolio and the trends affecting that portfolio and oversee the 
effectiveness of the Bank’s investment strategy and policies. 
. 
Board Risk Committee ("BRC") 
BRC, in conjunction with the Board, is responsible for setting the overall risk appetite parameters and limits within which 
CBD may conduct its business. The committee monitors the risks inherent in the businesses of CBD and the control 
processes in regards to such risks, including market risk, credit, liquidity, fiduciary, regulatory, reputational, strategic and 
operational risks. 
Audit Committee ("AC") 
ACC's key role is to ensure that CBD has a robust system of risk management, internal controls and compliance with legal 
and regulatory obligations. The committee regularly reviews the audit and compliance policies, procedures and the 
selection, appointment and independence of the external auditor to ensure there is appropriate transparency and disclosure 
to the Board on operational risk to include reporting of any transaction that may be fraudulent. 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee ("REMCO") 
REMCO's key focus is to ensure that CBD's policies and procedures on remuneration, recruitment, retention, Emiratisation, 
succession planning and performance are in line with CBD's strategic goals and objectives and competitive in order to 
attract and retain the best talent. 
Management Committees 
The Board is also assisted by eight management committees in effectively discharging its responsibilities. 
Executive Committee ("EXCO") 
The role of the EXCO is to provide strategic oversight and leadership of CBD's business.  The EXCO considers any issues 
that may have a potential material impact on CBD's performance, quality of banking services, risks, control framework and 
corporate social responsibility. 
Asset and Liability Committee ("ALCO") 
The objective of the ALCO is to drive the most appropriate strategy for CBD in terms of the mix of assets and liabilities 
given its expectations of the future and the potential consequences of interest rate movements, liquidity constraints, and 
foreign exchange exposure and capital adequacy.  The ALCO is also responsible to ensure that all strategies conform to 
the Group's risk appetite and levels of exposure as determined by the Board. 
Credit Committee ("CC") 
The CC manages the credit risk of CBD by continuous review and update of credit limits, credit policies, process and 
frame-work, the approval of specific exposures and work out proposals, constant revaluation of the loans portfolio and the 
sufficiency of provisions thereof. 
Compliance Committee ("CCO") 
The CCO primarily ensures the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing in adherence and compliance with 
the relevant regulations set by regulatory authorities applicable to CBD.  It oversees the monitoring and implementation of 
policies and procedures related to compliance and AML.  It consists of five executive members. 
Operational Risk Management Committee ("ORMC") 
The purpose of the ORMC is to maintain oversight of the operational risks identified across the Group by all relevant units 
like Operational Risk Management Department, Internal Control Department and Internal Audit.

--- Page 140 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
Information Security Risk Committee ("ISRC") 
The ISRC provides strategic and tactical guidance for managing CBD's overall information security and IT risks in the 
long and short term, to ensure adherence with applicable regulations and standards, compliance with internal policies and 
management of IT risks to protect CBD's business, supporting strategic business goals. 
Project Investment Committee ("PIC") 
The PIC reviews and approves investment projects for CBD and provides guidance for CBD's long term and short term 
goals in the areas of strategic project investment. The PIC governs all projects of CBD including but not limited to those 
which have a direct or an indirect dependency on IT. The PIC is also responsible for reviewing key aspects including the 
investment slate, project performance, project financials, business case approvals and project delivery. 
Human Resources Committee ("HRC") 
The purpose of the HRC is to set strategy and policy regarding the development of CBD's organisation structure, 
professional ethics, business focused succession planning, Emiratisation, optimal headcount/manpower distribution, 
training and development, performance management and compensation and reward management. CBD's corporate 
governance strategy is also implemented through the following departments: 
Group Risk Department 
The Group Risk Department comprises credit, market, operational and IT risks units. Its responsibilities include the 
following: 
• 
developing a strategy, policy and framework for risk management such that these are aligned with business 
requirements; 
• 
providing support to the Group in implementation of the framework; 
• 
bringing together analysis of risk concentrations and sensitivities across the Group; 
• 
acting as a point of reference for risk and control matters, providing advice to management, sharing best practices and 
carrying out special reviews as directed by the ALCO; and 
• 
providing independent assessment of, and challenge to the business areas' risk management and profiles to ensure that 
they are maintained in a robust manner. 
Internal Audit Department 
The role of the Internal Audit Department within the Group is to provide independent and objective assurance that the 
process for identifying, evaluating and managing significant risks faced by the Group is appropriate and effectively applied. 
In addition, it also provides an independent check on the compliance with laws and regulations and measuring compliance 
with the Group's policies and procedures. Additionally, Internal Audit provides consulting services which are advisory in 
nature, and are generally performed at the specific request of the ACC or Management. 
It is led by the Chief Internal Auditor who reports to the ACC of the Board of Directors, with administrative reporting to 
the CEO of CBD. 
To perform its role effectively, Internal Audit has organisational independence from management, to enable unrestricted 
evaluation of management activities and personnel. The Internal Audit Charter empowers it to have full, free and effective 
access at all reasonable times to all records, documents and employees of the Group. Internal Audit has direct access to the 
Chairman of the ACC and CEO of CBD. 
To determine whether the Internal Audit Function is functioning effectively, the ACC shall: 
• 
assess the appropriateness of the Internal Audit Charter; 
• 
assess the adequacy of resources available, both in terms of skills and funding; and 
• 
sponsor external assessments, at least once every three years, by a qualified, independent reviewer from outside the 
Group.

--- Page 141 ---
127 
 
 
 
 
Internal Control 
The Board and Senior Management are responsible for developing and maintaining the existence of a sound Internal 
Control System and procedures that meet international standards and fulfil the requirements of CBD's management and 
external regulatory bodies. The internal control system should be capable of ensuring the achievement of the following: 
• 
accuracy and integrity of financial and operational statements issued by CBD; 
• 
effectiveness and efficiency of CBD's operational activities; 
• 
effectiveness of measures and procedures set to safeguard CBD's assets and properties; and 
• 
compatibility with laws, legislations and regulations in force as well as policies pertinent to internal operational 
procedures. 
Executive management constantly monitors and assesses the efficiency and effectiveness of internal control procedures 
and their ability to achieve stated objectives and their furtherance and enhancement. 
The Internal Control Department reports to the Chief Operating Officer (COO). The functions and responsibilities of the 
Internal Control Department include but not limited to: 
• 
ensuring that CBD's operational policies, processes and controls are adhered to; 
• 
ensuring that proper internal controls are in place and that they are functioning as designed in a timely and effective 
manner; 
periodic review of CBD's internal control systems in order to identify areas where internal controls may be weak, not 
present and areas where there appear to be excessive controls resulting in operational inefficiency so as to suggest 
ways to rectify the same; 
• 
enabling the management to conduct an annual review of the efficiency of CBD's internal control systems and report 
its findings; and 
• 
following up of the operational activities from a preventive perspective and overseeing operational controls being 
exercised to ensure that these are timely and effective. 
Compliance and fraud 
The process of monitoring compliance is an independent task which aims at ensuring that the Group is in compliance with 
all applicable laws, regulations, instructions, directives, codes of conduct and sound banking standards and practices as 
issued by relevant authorities. 
The Board of Directors takes necessary measures to further the values of integrity and sound professional conduct within 
the Group promoting a culture of compliance in letter and spirit with the applicable laws, regulations, instructions and 
standards. 
In this regard, CBD has laid down Compliance and AML procedures which establish and maintain standards of ethics, 
confidentiality, privacy, KYC policies and other hallmarks of good governance, such as avoiding conflicts of interest. 
All CBD's staff are required to attend AML and KYC training and are made aware of CBD's policies and procedures 
relating to these two important issues. 
CBD has appointed Anti Money Laundering Reporting Officers who are responsible for policy development and 
awareness, the detection and reporting of suspicious transactions and responding to staff queries relating to AML issues. 
All cash transactions are closely monitored and suspicious transactions are reported to the Branch AML Officer and, if 
required, to the Business Unit Head and CBD AML Manager. 
The mission and role of compliance, AML and the Fraud prevention department is to: 
• 
ensure compliance risks are adequately identified, assessed, monitored and controlled in conjunction with Business 
and other control functions; 
• 
ensure senior management is fully informed of significant compliance issues and plans for resolution; 
• 
contribute to a "no surprise" compliance culture by educating and communicating compliance awareness throughout 
the Group; 
• 
align annual compliance plans with business strategies and goals; and

--- Page 142 ---
128 
 
 
 
 
• 
meet regulatory expectations, FATCA and Common Reporting Standards requirements. 
Fraud prevention 
CBD has a dedicated Fraud Prevention and Investigation Unit that assists in identification, detection, and verification of 
potential or actual incidents of fraud, including quantification and recoupment of any losses sustained as a result of any 
such incident. The purpose is to manage susceptibility of Bank's assets and processes to fraud risk with a view to reducing 
it and to raise the level of fraud awareness amongst employees and other stakeholders. 
Whistle blowing 
A set of arrangements has been designed to enable employees to confidentially report concerns about any potential 
violations, enabling the investigation and follow up of such concerns independently and discreetly through the whistle 
blowing policy. Such arrangements are supervised by the Audit Committee and in coordination with the senior 
management. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain members of CBD's Board and senior management personnel have interests in entities other than CBD, including 
directorships and shareholdings with third parties ("related entities"). Certain of these related entities have banking and/or 
other commercial relationships with CBD. In addition, certain Board members and senior management personnel have 
obtained loans and advances from, and maintain deposits with, CBD. For further information, see "Related Party 
Transactions" and Note 33 to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements. 
All transactions between CBD and members of the Board, senior management personnel and/or such related entities are 
subject to compliance with CBD's corporate governance regime which requires, amongst other things, that such 
transactions are approved by the Board and are executed on an arms-length basis. All such transactions must also comply 
with regulations imposed by the UAE Central Bank. 
Save as set out above, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of CBD's Board and 
senior management and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Related Party Transactions 
Balances with certain related parties (major shareholders of CBD, Government related parties, CBD's Board and companies 
of which they are principal owners or directors and key management personnel of CBD) accounted for loans and advances 
and Islamic financing, net of AED 3.9 billion (which accounts for 5.6 per cent. of CBD's total loans and advances and 
Islamic financing, net) and customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits of AED 5.1 billion (which accounts for 7.2 
per cent. of CBD's total customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits) as at 31 March 2021. Balances with related 
parties accounted for loans and advances and Islamic financing, net of AED 3.7 billion (which accounts for 5.7  per cent. 
of CBD's total loans and advances and Islamic financing, net) and customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits of AED 
5.2 billion (which accounts for 7.4 per cent. of CBD's total customers' deposits and Islamic customers' deposits) as at 
31 December 2020. 
Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling 
the activities of CBD, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of CBD. Other related 
parties represent major shareholders, parties related to directors and key management personnel. The terms of transactions 
with related parties are comparable to third party transactions and do not involve more than normal amounts of risk. The 
terms of these transactions are approved by the Board. Please see Note 21 of the Interim Financial Statements, Note 33 to 
the 2020 and 2019 Annual Financial Statements.

--- Page 143 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
The following information has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to, the unaudited 2021 Interim Financial Statements and the notes thereto and the audited Annual Financial 
Statements and the notes thereto, which have been incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The following tables set out selected consolidated financial information of CBD, as extracted from the unaudited 2021 
Interim Financial Statements and the notes thereto and the audited Annual Financial Statements. Financial information 
set out in the tables below corresponding to (i) the financial year ended and as at 31 December 2019 has been extracted 
from the 2020 Financial Statements and (ii) the financial year ended and as at 31 December 2018 has been extracted from 
the 2019 Financial Statements (where, in each case, such information is presented for comparative purposes). The ratios 
included herein have been prepared based on management information and information in the 2021 Interim Financial 
Statements and the Annual Financial Statements. Certain metrics in "Selected Ratios" below constitute Alternative 
Performance Measures for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines. See "Presentation of Financial Information". 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 March  
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
(AED million) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with Central Bank ............................  
8,682 
12,593 
13, 163  
8,948 
Due from banks, net .......................................................  
971 
2,428 
4,219 
2,594 
Loans and advances and Islamic financing, net .............  
50,945 
60,181 
65,289  
69,598 
Investment securities ......................................................  
6,751 
5,613 
5,263  
11,381 
Investment in an associate ..............................................  
85 
85 
89 
91 
Investment properties, net ..............................................  
214 
199 
191  
193 
Property and equipment .................................................  
343 
274 
290  
291 
Bankers acceptances .......................................................  
5,266 
5,347 
5,972  
6,557 
Other assets, net ..............................................................  
843 
1,350 
2,886 
2,819 
TOTAL ASSETS ..........................................................  
74,102 
88,069 
97,362 
102,471 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ...................................................................  
2,763 
4,167 
4,783 
7,523 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits .........  
53,165 
63,334 
69,751  
70,902 
Notes and medium term borrowing ................................  
2,610 
3,231 
1,764  
1,764 
Due for trade acceptances ..............................................  
5,266 
5,347 
5,972 
6,557 
Other liabilities ...............................................................  
1,078 
1,774 
2,138 
3,101 
TOTAL LIABILITIES ................................................  
64,883 
77,852 
84,408 
89,848 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
Share capital ...................................................................  
2,803 
2,803 
2,803  
2,803 
Tier 1 capital notes 
0 
0 
2,204 
2,204 
Legal and statutory reserve ............................................  
1,401 
1,401 
1,401  
1,401 
General reserve ...............................................................  
1,328 
1,328 
1,328  
1,328 
Capital reserve ................................................................  
39 
39 
39  
39 
Fair value reserve/(deficit) .............................................  
(137) 
48 
66 
(13) 
Retained earnings ...........................................................  
3,785 
4,597 
5,114 
4,861 
TOTAL EQUITY .........................................................  
9,219 
10,217 
12,954 
12,623 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY ......................  
74,102 
88,069 
97,362 
102,471 
___________ 
 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 March 
2021 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing ..... 
1,911 
1,966 
1,887  
476 
Net fees and commission income ............................................... 
578 
701 
651 
182 
Net gains from foreign exchange and derivatives ...................... 
143 
197 
222 
50 
Net gains from investments at fair value through profit or loss  
1 
1 
25 
2 
Net gains from sale of debt/equity investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ...................................................... 
7 
53 
138 
9 
Share of profit / (loss) of an associate ........................................ 
10 
4 
6  
2 
Dividend income ........................................................................ 
5 
3 
3 
3 
Other income .............................................................................. 
70 
107 
48 
8 
Total operating income ............................................................ 
2,725 
3,033 
2,978 
731 
Reversal of impairment allowance on due from banks 
(3) 
0 
2 
0 
Credit impairment allowances1 .................................................. 
(727) 
(782) 
(1,065) 
(205)

--- Page 144 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 March 
2021 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Recoveries of loans and advances and Islamic financing 
48 
42 
24 
8 
Impairment allowance on investments securities ...................... 
1 
- 
6 
- 
Impairment allowance on investment properties ....................... 
– 
(3) 
- 
- 
Impairment allowance on other assets ....................................... 
(23) 
(4) 
(17)  
(13) 
Total net income ....................................................................... 
2,020 
2,285 
1,927  
521 
Staff and other expenses ............................................................. 
(795) 
(815) 
(779) 
(189) 
Depreciation and amortisation ................................................... 
(63) 
(70) 
(28) 
(7) 
Total operating expenses ......................................................... 
(858) 
(885) 
(807) 
(196) 
Net profit for the year / period ................................................ 
1,162 
1,400 
1,120 
325 
Basic and diluted earnings per share ..................................... 
AED0.41 
AED0.50 
AED 0.40 
0.12 
___________ 
1 
Includes net impairment charge on due from banks, impairment allowances and recoveries on loans and advances 
and Islamic financing. 
 
Selected ratios (%) 
As at/For the year ended 31 December 
As at/For the 
three month 
period ended 
31 March 
20219 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Return on average assets1 ........................................................... 
1.6 
1.7 
1.2  
1.3 
Return on average equity2 .......................................................... 
12.7 
14.6 
10.7 
12.4 
Cost to income ratio3 .................................................................. 
31.5 
29.2 
27.0 
26.8 
Non-performing loans ratio4 ....................................................... 
6.2 
5.9 
6.8 
6.6 
Provision coverage ratio5 ............................................................ 
77.8 
83.1 
69.7 
70.7 
Loan to deposit ratio6 .................................................................. 
95.8 
95.0 
94.0 
98.2 
Capital adequacy ratio7 ............................................................... 
14.6 
14.2 
16.7  
16.3 
Tier 1 Capital ratio8 .................................................................... 
13.4 
13.0 
15.5 
15.1 
__________ 
1 
Return on Average Assets is calculated as Net profit / (Opening assets + Closing assets)/2. 
 
The ratio shows how many AED of earnings CBD derives from each AED of assets it controls. 
2 
Profit to the Average Equity Ratio is calculated as Net profit / (Opening equity + Closing equity)/2. Average equity is less Tier 1 capital notes, tier 
1 transaction costs and Intangible Assets. 
 
RoAE is a measure of the profitability of CBD's business in relation to the book value of shareholder equity, also known as net assets or assets 
minus liabilities. RoAE is a measure of how well CBD uses shareholders' equity to generate earnings growth. 
3 
Cost to income Ratio is calculated as Total operating expenses / Total operating income. A lower percentage means that expenses are low and 
earnings are high. 
4 
Non-performing loans ratio is calculated as impaired loans less interest in suspense / gross loans less interest in suspense. The same basis has been 
used to compute impaired loans in this document. 
A non-performing loan, or NPL, is a loan that is in default or close to being in default. Personal Banking loans become non-performing after being 
in default for 90 days. Institutional and Corporate Banking loans are marked as non-performing, on a case by case basis and are subject to 
management discretion and analysis. 
5 
Provision Coverage Ratio is calculated as Provision for Impairment less interest in suspense / Impaired Loans less interest in suspense. The same 
basis has been used to compute provision coverage ratio in this document. 
The ratio shows the total provisions CBD has built on its impaired loans. 
6 
Loan to deposit ratio is calculated as loans and advances and Islamic financing, net / customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits. 
The loan to deposit ratio is used to calculate CBD's ability to make payments to customers withdrawing their deposits. A ratio of less than one 
implies that CBD has relied on funds deposited by customers to make loans, advances and Islamic financing. A ratio of more than one implies that 
CBD has extended loans, advances and Islamic financing from funds borrowed by it in addition to deposits. 
7 
Capital Adequacy Ratio is calculated as Total Capital Base / Risk Weighted Assets. 
8 
Tier 1 Capital ratio is calculated as Tier 1 Capital / Risk Weighted Assets Calculated in accordance with the requirements of the Central Bank and 
the capital adequacy regulations issued by the Central Bank as stipulated in Circular No. 52/2017 dated 23 February 2017 and Circular No. 
60/2017 dated 2 March 2017. 
9 
Ratios for the three month period ended 31 March 2021 have been annualised. 
 
Related party transactions 
Certain related parties (principally the major shareholders, board members, key personnel of CBD and companies where 
they hold a significant interest and any other parties having significant influence on the financial or operational decisions 
of CBD) are customers of CBD in the ordinary course of business. The terms of transactions with related parties are 
comparable to third party transactions and do not involve more than normal amounts of risk.

--- Page 145 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / For the year ended 
As at / For the 
three month period 
ended 31 March 
2021 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Directors and key management personnel 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances and Islamic financing, net ..............................  
416 
171 
194  
194 
Undrawn commitments to extend credit .........................................  
28 
24 
16 
16 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits ..........................  
98 
66 
112 
101 
Interest income and commission income ........................................  
21 
10 
8 
2 
Interest expense ...............................................................................  
1 
1 
1 
- 
Government related parties 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances and Islamic financing, net ..............................  
1,263 
859 
1,577 
1,774  
Due from banks, net ........................................................................  
– 
285 
139 
119 
Investment securities, net ................................................................  
1,316 
1,014 
715 
941 
Bankers acceptances ........................................................................  
– 
- 
 
- 
Letters of credit ................................................................................  
– 
- 
 
1 
Letters of guarantees .......................................................................  
324 
213 
208 
37 
Undrawn commitments to extend credit .........................................  
529 
412 
275 
279 
Due to Banks ...................................................................................  
180 
- 
 
551 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits ..........................  
3,266 
3,864 
4,631 
4,371 
Interest income and commission income ........................................  
81 
43 
41 
11 
Interest expense ...............................................................................  
91 
98 
66 
11 
Other related parties 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances and Islamic financing, net ..............................  
1,398 
1,906 
1,925 
1,924  
Bankers acceptances ........................................................................  
13 
2 
5 
4 
Letters of credit ................................................................................  
6 
1 
3 
2 
Letters of guarantees .......................................................................  
227 
109 
102 
99 
Undrawn commitments to extend credit .........................................  
463 
299 
227 
394 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits ..........................  
166 
483 
444 
608 
Interest income and commission income ........................................  
72 
81 
70 
15 
Interest expense ...............................................................................  
2 
7 
5 
1 
Dividend from an associate .............................................................  
4 
4 
3 
0

--- Page 146 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL REVIEW 
 
The following discussion contains an analysis of the consolidated results of operations of CBD as at and for the three 
month period ended 31 March  2021 and 31 March  2020 and as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018 and should be read in conjunction with the 2021 Interim Financial Statements and the Annual Financial Statements. 
Unless otherwise specified, the financial data discussed below has been extracted without material adjustment from the 
2021 Interim Financial Statements and the Annual Financial Statements. 
References in this financial review to 2020, 2019 and 2018 are for the 12 months ended 31 December, and references to 
2021 are to the three month period ended 31 March  2021. The percentage or percentage changes in this financial review 
are based on the amounts reported in CBD's Annual Financial Statements and the 2021 Interim Financial Statements, as 
applicable. As a result, percentage or percentage changes stated in this financial review may not be an exact arithmetical 
change of the numbers stated in this financial review. As a result of rounding, the totals stated in the tables and text below 
may not be an exact arithmetical sum of the numbers in respect of which they are expressed to be a total. 
Overview 
CBD was incorporated in Dubai, UAE, on 4 July 1969 pursuant to an Emiri Decree. CBD is registered as a public 
shareholding company in accordance with Federal Law No. 2 of 2015. CBD's commercial registration number is 1010121, 
its registered office is Al Ittihad Street, P.O. Box 2668, Dubai, United Arab Emirates and its telephone number is +971 4 
2121000. 
CBD offers a range of banking products and services in the UAE primarily to corporate and commercial customers, 
including loans, working capital financing, trade finance products and deposit accounts. CBD also offers personal banking 
products, including deposit accounts, personal loans and mortgage products to retail customers. Since 2008, CBD has 
provided Shari'a compliant financial services to corporate and retail customers through its "CBD Al Islami" finance 
division. CBD has six wholly owned subsidiaries: 
• 
CBD Financial Services, which provides brokerage facilities for local shares and bonds; 
 
• 
CBD Employment Services, which provides human resource services; 
 
 
• 
Attijari Properties, which provides self-owned property management services; 
 
• 
the Cayman Issuer, a special purpose vehicle incorporated on 12 May 2015, which may, amongst other things, 
issue Notes under the Programme; 
 
• 
CBD (Cayman) II Limited, a special purpose entity established and registered in the Cayman Islands on 9 June 
2016 in order to transact and negotiate derivative agreements; and 
 
 
• 
VS 1897 (Cayman) Limited, a special purpose entity established and registered in the Cayman Islands on 20 
December 2018 to manage investments acquired in the settlement of debt. 
 
CBD also has one associate, NGI, in which CBD holds a 17.8 per cent. shareholding. NGI underwrites life and general 
insurance business as well as certain reinsurance business. 
As at 31 March 2021, 53.7 per cent. of CBD's customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits were sourced from the 
corporate sector (compared to 51 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 52 per cent. as at 31 December 2019); 27.9 per 
cent. were sourced from the personal sector (compared to 26.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 24.3 per cent. as at 
31 December 2019); and 18.4 per cent. were sourced from the government sector (compared to 22.4 per cent. as at 
31 December 20120 and 24 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
As at and for the three month period ended 31 March 2021, CBD's net profit was AED 325 million (an increase of 3.1 per 
cent. compared to the three month period ended 31 March 2020). CBD's total assets amounted to AED 102.47 billion as at

--- Page 147 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
31 March 2021 (an increase of 5.2 per cent. compared to its total assets as at 31 December 2020) and its total equity as at 
31 March 2021 amounted to AED 12.62 billion which is a 2.6 per cent. decrease compared to total equity of AED 12.95 
billion as at 31 December 2020). CBD's net profit was AED 1.12 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
AED 1.4 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019 and AED 1.16 billion for the year ended 31 December 2018. As at 
31 December 2020, its total assets amounted to AED 97.4 billion, an increase of 10.6 per cent. compared to 
AED 88.1 billion as at 31 December 2019. 
CBD's total equity was AED 12.95 billion as at 31 December 2020, an increase of 27 per cent. from AED 10.2 billion as 
at 31 December 2019. 
CBD's ordinary shares are listed on the DFM. As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the authorised, issued and fully paid-
up ordinary share capital of CBD comprised 2,802,733,968 ordinary shares of AED 1 each (compared to 2,802,733,968 
ordinary shares of AED 1 each as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019). See "Description of CBD - Share Capital 
and Shareholders". 
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
CBD's revenues and results of operations during the periods under review have been affected by the following factors: 
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
On 11 March 2020, the WHO officially declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. In light of the rapid spread of COVID-19 
across the globe, various economies and sectors have faced significant disruptions and uncertainty as a result of measures 
taken by governments to contain or delay the spread of the virus. 
A substantial proportion of CBD's business involves providing credit and other financial services to individuals, 
corporations, industries or entities that may be detrimentally impacted by COVID-19 and therefore may be unable to repay 
their loans as they fall due and/or have lower demand for the products and services offered by CBD. CBD may also be 
limited in its ability to effectively service clients as it has restricted operations in many of its offices and has allowed 
employees to work from home, wherever possible. 
The UAE Central Bank has announced a stimulus package totalling AED 256 billion in an attempt to combat the above 
effects of COVID-19 and ease the liquidity constraints in the UAE banking sector, by providing relief to the local 
economy. The stimulus package includes the following:  
• 
the launch of the TESS, which, inter alios, allows banks to grant temporary relief to certain customers  by  
deferring payments, and allowing banks to apply for zero-cost funding from the Central Bank until 30 June 2022. 
The TESS deferrals shall be gradually phased-out by 31 December 2021. During this period, banks may avail up 
to 50 per cent. of the earmarked fund for TESS deferrals as of 30 September 2021 and 0 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021.  
• 
extends capital buffer relief by retaining the existing capital conservation buffer and D-SIB buffer (as applicable) 
and allows UAE banks to utilise 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer and 100 per cent. of their D-SIB 
buffer (as applicable) until 31 December 2021, subject to such banks having fully utilised the limit available to 
them under the zero cost funding of the TESS programme; 
• 
reduction of the UAE Central Bank's minimum reserve requirements for current, call and savings deposits for all 
UAE banks from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent.; and 
• 
delaying the implementation of certain Basel III capital requirements until 31 March 2021. 
Out of the UAE Central Bank's zero cost funding programme of AED 50 billion,  an amount of AED 2.35 billion was 
earmarked for the Bank and was fully utilised by CBD in the six month period ended 30 June 2020, to allow CBD to grant 
payment relief to customers who had been impacted by COVID-19. On 5 November 2020, the Bank fully paid back the 
facility 
UAE's response to lower oil prices and other macro-economic factors 
The sustained volatility and decline in oil prices since the second half of 2014 has impacted government 
revenues in each of the states of the GCC.  The economy of the UAE, which has the most diversified 
economic structure within GCC countries, has been the least impacted.

--- Page 148 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
Nevertheless, reduced oil prices have impacted liquidity in the UAE banking system, with large withdrawals 
from government and government related entities ("GREs") in the second quarter of 2015, resulting in an 
increase in the cost of borrowing for banks (including CBD) operating within the UAE. 
The volatility in the price of oil and a reduction in its demand has also recently been exacerbated by the impact 
of COVID-19. As a result, the economies of the oil-revenue dependent GCC countries (including the UAE) 
have continued to be adversely affected with greater budget deficits, a decrease in fiscal revenues and 
consequent lower public spending seen between 2017 and 2020, which is expected to continue into 2021. 
The UAE economy is also impacted by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar, to which the UAE Dirham 
is pegged.  The recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar has negatively impacted consumption, investment in real 
estate and the tourism sector in the UAE.  The weak macro-economic environment in GCC countries, especially 
in Saudi Arabia and Oman, further reduces the outlook for the tourism sector in the UAE. 
The UAE was first amongst the GCC countries to initiate fiscal reforms by phasing out fuel subsidies in 2015, 
partly offsetting the reduction in oil prices.  Further reforms were introduced in 2017, including the introduction 
of a value-added tax regime in the UAE.  In response to the oil price correction, the UAE Government and 
several GREs adjusted their budgets and certain large projects were rescheduled, which in turn impacted private 
sector activity in the economy.  Strained by the lower liquidity and slowing public and private sector activity, 
several small and medium businesses scaled down their operations or shut down, in turn increasing impairments 
for banks that had lent to them.  Although crude oil prices recovered slightly in recent years, with the monthly 
average price being U.S.$56.94 per barrel in December 2018 and U.S.$66.48 per barrel in December 2019, there 
was a sharp decrease in the monthly average price in 2020 with the price falling from U.S.$65.11 per barrel in 
January 2020 to U.S.$17.64 per barrel in April 2020. The oil price has since rebounded and is currently at 
approximately U.S. $60 per barrel. See "Risk Factors – Risks relating to CBD's business – CBD faces risks 
associated with changes in market prices" and "Risk Factors – Risks related to the UAE and the Middle East – 
Economic Development".  
Dubai, from where CBD primarily conducts its operations, is the region's most open and diverse economy.  Since 2015, 
the economy of Dubai, which is reliant on trade, services and tourism, was impacted by the geopolitical situation in the 
MENA region, a stronger U.S. dollar, economic slowdowns in Russia and China and the economic fallout of the COVID-
19 pandemic. See "Risk Factors – Risks relating to CBD's business – CBD faces risks associated with changes in market 
prices" and "Risk Factors – Risks related to the UAE and the Middle East – Economic Development".  Dubai is currently 
preparing to host the Quadrennial World Expo ("Expo 2020"), originally scheduled to be held in 2020 but postponed on 
account of the COVID-19 pandemic, between October 2021 and March 2022, bringing together 180 nations and an 
international audience of 25 million visitors, and which is expected to add impetus to the economies of the UAE and, in 
particular, Dubai.  
The table below sets out the loans and advances, provisions and customers' deposits for the banking sector in the UAE as 
at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 December for each year indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March 
2021* 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(AED billion) 
Loans and advances (gross) .......................................................... 
1,656 
1,759 
1,779 
1,778 
Government & GRE ..................................................................... 
359 
443 
472 
475 
Private sector, Individuals & Foreign Credit ............................... 
1,297 
1,316 
1,307 
1,303 
Customer deposits ......................................................................... 
1,756 
1,870 
1,885 
1,878 
Government & GRE ..................................................................... 
497 
547 
542 
              523 
Private sector, Individuals & Non-resident Deposits ................... 
1,259 
1,323 
1,343 
1,355 
Provisions ..................................................................................... 
122 
132 
155 
              157 
 _______________  
*  
Preliminary data subject to revision. 
Source:  
Monthly Banking Indicators issued by UAE Central Bank

--- Page 149 ---
135 
 
 
 
 
Stable growth in customer advances 
As a result of Dubai's successful bid to host Expo 2020, significant new development and construction projects have been 
announced including the Dubai Waterfront project and Meydan One scheduled to be completed by 2020 and the Ain Dubai 
('Eye of Dubai') Ferris wheel. The retail and tourism sectors have also reported increasing revenues8. 
Prior to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the improvement in business sentiment resulted in sustained and stable 
growth in customer advances in the UAE. According to the UAE Central Bank, the value of customer loans and advances 
(net of provisions) provided by banks in the UAE increased by 4 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2018, an 
additional 6 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2019, and a 1 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 March 2021, CBD recorded growth in gross loans and advances and Islamic financing of 6.6 per cent. compared 
to the year ended 31 December 2020, particularly in the real-estate trade, transportation and storage and manufacturing 
sectors. CBD recorded growth in gross loans and advances and Islamic financing for the year ended 31 December 2020 of 
7.8 per cent. compared to the year ended 31 December 2019. This was due, in particular, to growth in the real estate and 
trade sectors. The table below sets out CBD's customer loans and advances and Islamic financing as at 31 March 2021 and 
as at 31 December for each year indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March 2021 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Loans and advances and Islamic financing (gross) ...................... 
54,058 
64,039 
69,049 
73,619  
 
Investments in securities maintained at target level 
As at 31 March 2021, CBD's net investment securities increased by 116 per cent. to AED 11.38 billion, from AED 
5.26  billion as at 31 December 2020. CBD reduced its holding of investment securities by 6 per cent. to AED 5.26  billion 
as at 31 December 2020 from AED 5.6 billion as at 31 December 2019. CBD's investment securities reduced by 17 per 
cent. to AED 5.6  billion as at 31 December 2019 from AED 6.8  billion as at 31 December 2018. Revenues from these 
domestic and international securities have contributed positively to CBD's net interest income and net income from Islamic 
financing. The table below sets out CBD's holding in investment securities as at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 December for 
each year indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March 2021  
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Investment Securities, net 
6,751 
5,613 
5,263 
11,381 
 
Critical Accounting Policies 
Certain of CBD's accounting policies require significant managerial judgment on matters that are inherently uncertain, 
including the valuation of certain assets and liabilities and the adoption of estimates and assumptions based on historical 
experience and other factors considered reasonable and significant by CBD's management. 
CBD has established policies and control procedures intended to ensure that stringent valuation methods are applied in 
accordance with applicable accounting principles during the presentation of its Financial Statements for the relevant period. 
For more information on CBD's significant accounting policies, including the impact of IFRS 9, see Note 3 to the Financial 
Statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
CBD's management believes that the following significant accounting policies require more critical judgments or estimates 
or involve a greater degree of complexity in the application of accounting standards that affect CBD's financial condition 
and results of operation.

--- Page 150 ---
136 
 
 
 
 
Classification of Financial Instruments 
CBD classifies its financial instruments into the following categories: 
Amortised cost 
A debt instrument, including loans and advances and Islamic financing, is classified as being measured at amortised cost 
if it is held within a business model where the objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows. 
Fair value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") 
A debt instrument is classified as being measured at FVOCI if it is held within a business model where the objective is 
achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the debt instrument and is not designated at FVPL (as defined 
below). 
Movements in the carrying amount are taken through Other Comprehensive Income ("OCI"), except for the recognition of 
impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses on an instrument's amortised cost, which 
is recognised in the statement of profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss 
previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from statement of changes in equity to statement of profit or loss and 
recognised in "Net gains from sale of debt investments held at FVOCI". Interest income from these financial assets is 
included in "Interest income" using the effective interest rate method. 
CBD subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value through profit or loss, except where CBD's management 
has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity investment at fair value through OCI. CBD's policy is 
to designate equity investments as FVOCI when those investments are held for purposes other than to generate investment 
returns. When this election is used, fair value gains and losses are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income and are not 
subsequently reclassified to statement of profit or loss, including on disposal. Impairment losses (and reversal of 
impairment losses) are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. 
Dividend income on equity investments at FVOCI is recognised in the condensed consolidated interim statement of profit 
or loss. 
Fair value through profit or loss ("FVPL") 
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt 
investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss 
and is presented in the profit or loss statement within 'Net gains from investments at FVPL' in the period in which it arises. 
In addition, on initial recognition, CBD may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements 
to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting 
mismatch that would otherwise arise. 
Impairment of financial assets 
The adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") 9 has fundamentally changed CBD's accounting for 
loan loss impairments by replacing the incurred loss approach with a forward-looking expected credit loss ("ECL") 
approach. IFRS 9 requires CBD to record an allowance for ECLs that are not measured at FVPL on the following financial 
instruments: loans and advances, Islamic financing and other financial assets, loan commitments and financial guarantee 
contracts. 
The measurement of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range 
of possible outcomes, the time value of money, and reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue 
cost or effort at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
Stage 1: when loans are first recognised, CBD recognises an allowance based on 12 months ECLs. 
Stage 2: when a loan has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the Group records an allowance for 
the life time expected credit losses ("LTECL"). 
Stage 3: loans considered credit-impaired. CBD records an allowance for the LTECLs.

--- Page 151 ---
137 
 
 
 
 
The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the term structures of the following variables: 
• 
Probability of Default ("PD") – the PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon. 
• 
Loss Given Default ("LGD") – the LGD is an estimate of the loss arising in the case where a default occurs at a 
given time. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would 
expect to receive, including from the realisation of any collateral. It is usually expressed as a percentage of the 
exposure at default. 
• 
Exposure at Default ("EAD") – the EAD is an estimate of the expected exposure in the event of a default and the 
potential changes to the current amount allowed under the contract including amortisation. 
These parameters are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data. They are 
adjusted to reflect forward-looking information. 
Investment properties 
CBD holds certain properties for its own use as well as to lease out. The leased out or intended to lease out components 
have been classified as investment properties. Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction 
costs. The carrying amount includes the cost of replacing part of an existing investment property at the time that cost is 
incurred, if the recognition criteria are met and excludes the costs of day-to-day servicing of an investment property. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less any accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses. 
Results of Operations for the three  month periods ended 31 March  2021 and 2020, and for the years ended 
31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 
Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing 
The following table sets out CBD's net interest income and net income from Islamic financing for each period indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Three month period 
ended 31 March 
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 
2018 
2020 / 
2019 
March 2021 / March 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Interest income and income from Islamic financing .....................  
2,847 
3,177 
2,865 
776 
633 
11.6 
(9.8) 
(18.4) 
Interest expense and distributions to Islamic depositors ...............  
(936) 
(1,212) 
(979) 
(292) 
(157) 
29.5 
(19.2) 
(46.2) 
Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing ...  
1,911 
1,966 
1,887 
485 
476 
2.9 
(4)  
(1.9) 
 
CBD's interest income and income from Islamic financing decreased by 18.5 per cent. to AED 633 million for the three  
month period ended 31 March  2021, from AED 776 million for the three  month period ended 31 March  2020. This was 
primarily a result of suspended interest on non-performing loans and sharply lower interbank interest rates. Interest expense 
and distributions to Islamic depositors decreased by 46.3 per cent. to AED 157 million for the three month period ended 
31 March 2021, from AED 292 million for the three month period ended 31 March  2020. This decrease in interest expenses 
was primarily due to lower interest rates. 
CBD's interest income and income from Islamic financing decreased by 9.8 per cent. from AED 3.2  billion for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 to AED 2.9  billion for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily a result 
of suspended interest on non-performing loans and sharply lower interbank interest rates. Interest expense and distributions 
to Islamic depositors decreased by 19.2 per cent. From AED 1.2 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019 to AED 979 
million  for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily due to lower interbank interest rates and higher 
percentage of low cost current and saving accounts deposits. CBD's interest income and income from Islamic financing 
increased by 11.6 per cent. from AED 2.8 billion for the year ended 31 December 2018 to AED 3.2  billion for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. This increase was primarily as a result of increased earnings on loans and advances and 
investment securities arising from higher average balances. Interest expenses increased by 29.5 per cent. from AED 
936 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to AED 1.2 billion  for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase 
was primarily due to higher average balances and higher cost of time deposits. 
Total non-interest income 
The following table sets out CBD's total non-interest income for each period indicated.

--- Page 152 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
three month period 
ended 31 March  
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 
2018 
2020 / 
2019 
March 2021 / March 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Net fees and commission income..................................................  
578 
701 
651  
201 
182 
21.3 
(7.1) 
(10) 
Net gains from foreign exchange and derivatives .........................  
143 
197 
222 
58 
50 
37.8 
12.7  
(14) 
Income from investments1 ............................................................  
22 
62 
171 
2 
16 
181.8 
175.8 
700 
Other income .................................................................................  
70 
107 
48 
10 
8 
52.9 
(55.1) 
(20) 
Total Non-interest income ..........................................................  
813 
1,067 
1,092 
271 
256 
31.2 
2.3 
(5.5) 
 _______________  
1 
As at 31 March 2021, 31 December 2019 and at 31 December 2018, income from investments includes net gains from investments at fair value 
through profit or loss, net gains from sale of investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share of profit/loss of an associate and 
dividend income. 
Total non-interest income constituted 35 per cent. of CBD's total operating income for the three month period ended 31 
March 2021 and 36 per cent. for the three month period ended 31 March 2020. Total non-interest income declined in the 
three month period ended 31 March 2021 by 5.5 per cent. to AED 256 million, mainly due to lower demand for CBD's 
products and services such as lending and trade services. Credit card fees decreased as a result of low levels of consumer 
activity due to the lockdowns imposed in light of the COVID-19 pandemic in the UAE and reduced tourist spending. CBD 
has already begun to see signs of a partial recovery in fee income, after the relaxation of movement and re-opening of the 
businesses and the broader economy. 
Total non-interest income constituted 37 per cent. of CBD's total operating income for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Total non-interest income remained constant at AED 1.1 billion for the years 31 December 2020 and 2019. Net fees and 
commission income decreased by 7.1  per cent. from AED 701  million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to AED 651  
million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Net gains from foreign exchange and derivatives increased by 12.7 per cent. 
for the year ended 31 December 2020  compared to the year ended 31 December 2019. Income from investments increased 
by 176 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to net 
gains from the sale of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income. Other income decreased by 55 
per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 primarily arising from profit 
on sale of investment properties or assets held for sale acquired in settlement of debt. 
Total non-interest income constituted 35 per cent. of CBD's total operating income for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Total non-interest income increased  by 31 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 to AED 1.1 billion  from AED 
813 million for the year ended 31 December 2018. Net gains from foreign exchange and derivatives increased by 37.8 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 compared to 31 December 2018, whereas income from investments increased 
by 182 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 compared to the year ended 31 December 2018, mainly due to a 
sale of property held as investment property. 
Impairment allowances 
The following table sets out CBD's net impairment allowances for each period indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Three period ended 31 
March  
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 
2018 
2020 / 
2019 
March 
2021 / 
March  
2020 
 
(AED million) 
(Reversal) / impairment / allowance on due from banks ...................  
3 
- 
(2) 
(2) 
 
(100.0) 
(100.0) 
100.0 
Impairment allowances on loans and advances and Islamic financing 
 
727 
782 
1,065 
254 
205 
7.6 
36 
(19.3) 
Recoveries of loans and advances and Islamic financing ..................  
(48) 
(42) 
(24) 
(20) 
(8) 
(12.5) 
(43) 
(60) 
(Reversal) / impairment allowance on investment securities.............  
(1) 
- 
(6) 
(0.2) 
(0.0) 
(100) 
(100.0) 
(78) 
Impairment allowance on investment properties ...............................  
- 
3 
- 
- 
- 
100 
(100.0) 
     0 
Impairment allowance on other assets ...............................................  
23 
4 
17 
7 
13 
(82.6) 
325 
86 
Net Impairment allowances.............................................................  
704 
747 
1,050 
239 
210 
6.1 
40.6 
(12) 
 
For the three  month period ended 31 March  2021, CBD's credit impairment allowance (excluding impairment on other 
assets and investment properties and investment securities) was AED 205 million, compared to AED 254 million for the 
three month period ended 31 March  2020, a decrease of 19 per cent., primarily reflecting lower expected credit losses in 
light of the projected favourable economic outlook of 2021, as compared to the previous year. CBD increased its credit 
impairment allowance by 36 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 (compared to the year ended 
31 December 2019) as CBD continued its prudent approach to provisioning, in particular for the contraction in business 
conditions and confidence caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in increased specific and forecast credit 
losses.

--- Page 153 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
Impairment allowances on loans and advances and Islamic financing increased  by 7.6  per cent. from AED 727  million 
for the year ended 31 December 2018 to AED 782 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, as CBD continued its 
prudent approach to provisioning.  CBD recorded a provision coverage ratio of 70.7 per cent. for the three  month period 
ended 31 March 2021, 69.7 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020, 83.1 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2019 and 78 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2018. The total carrying amount of impaired loans 
(excluding restructured performing loans and loans under restructuring) was AED 3.3 billion as at 31 December 2018, 
AED 3.8 billion as at 31 December 2019, AED 4.6  billion as at 31 December 2020, and AED 4.8 billion as at 31 March 
2021. CBD is continuing to seek recoveries in respect of the loans, including through litigation. 
CBD's recoveries reduced to AED 42 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 from AED 48 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2018, and reduced further to AED 24 million as at 31 December 2020. These 
recoveries reflect CBD's focus on monitoring its non-performing loan ratio and collection procedures.  
Recoveries for the three month period ended 31 March 2021 were AED 8 million, a 60 per cent. Decrease from 
AED 20 million for the three month period ended 31 March 2020. 
CBD exercises considered judgement in assessing and estimating areas such as ECLs. Included within the 
impairment allowances specified in the table above is a judgmental overlay which is added to CBD's ECL model 
by changing its macroeconomic weightages and stressing the economic inputs to the IFRS 9 model to account 
for the uncertainty and limited forward looking information in the current economic environment following the 
outbreak of COVID-19. Going forward, CBD will continue to monitor and evaluate the impact of the outbreak 
and will consider adjusting its ECL model in subsequent quarters if required. 
Total operating expenses 
The following table sets out the components of CBD's total operating expenses for each period indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
three month period 
ended 31 March  
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 
2018 
2020 / 
2019 
March 
2021 / 
March 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Staff and other expenses ....................................................................  
795 
815 
779 
183 
189 
2.5 
(4.4) 
3.3 
Depreciation and amortisation ...........................................................  
63 
70 
28 
18 
7 
11.1 
(60) 
(61) 
Total operating expenses .................................................................  
858 
885 
807 
201 
196 
3.1 
(8.8) 
(2.5) 
 
CBD's staff and other expenses for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
remained relatively stable at AED 779 million, AED 815 million and AED 795 million, respectively. CBD continued to 
focus on cost controls, resulting in its cost to income ratio improving from 32 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2018 to 29 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019, and further improved to 27.1 per cent. for the 
year ended 31 December 2020. 
CBD's staff and other expenses of AED 189 million for the three month period ended 31 March 2021 increased by 3.3 per 
cent. compared to AED 183 million for the three  month period ended 31 March  2020. CBD's cost to income ratio is 26.8 
per cent. for the three  month period ended 31 March  2021, a slight increase compared to 26.6 per cent. for the three month 
period ended 31 March  2020. The decrease in CBD's operating expenses is mainly due to CBD's ongoing cost optimisation 
efforts with a strong focus on enhancing operating efficiency and adopting digital solutions, while continuing to invest in 
key strategic initiatives. With the increasing digitisation of key customer services, CBD has optimised its distribution 
network over the last two years. 
Net profit 
CBD's net profit for the three months ended 31 March 2021 increased by 3.1 per cent. compared to the three month period 
ended 31 March  2020. CBD's net profit of AED 1.12 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by 20.5 per 
cent. from AED 1.4 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019. The decrease was caused by the COVID-19 pandemic 
causing a contraction in business conditions and confidence, leading to historically low interbank interest rates and 
increased specific and forecast credit losses. CBD's net profit increased by 20 per cent. from AED 1.2 billion for the year 
ended 31 December 2018 to AED 1.4 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 154 ---
140 
 
 
 
 
Financial condition as at 31 March 2021, 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
Total assets 
The following table sets out the components of total assets as at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March  
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 2018 
2020 / 2019 
March 2021 / 
December 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Assets .......................................................................................  
74,102 
88,069 
97,362 
102,471 
18.8 
10.6  
5.2 
Due from banks, net ...........................................................................  
971 
2,428 
4,219 
2,594 
150.1 
73.8  
(38.5) 
Loans and advances and Islamic financing, net .................................  
50,945 
60,181 
65,289 
69,598 
18.1 
8.5  
6.6 
Bankers acceptances ..........................................................................  
5,266 
5,347 
5,972 
6,557 
1.5  
11.7 
9.8 
Other assets, net .................................................................................  
843 
1,350 
2,886 
2,819 
60.1 
113.8 
(2.3) 
 
As at 31 December 2018, CBD had total assets of AED 74.1 billion compared to AED 88.1  billion as at 
31 December 2019, AED 97.4  billion as at 31 December 2020 and AED 102.47 billion as at 31 March 2021. 
The 5.2 per cent. increase in total assets as at 31 March 2021 compared to 31 December 2020 was mostly from the increases 
of AED 4.3 billion in loans and advances and Islamic financing. 
The 10.6 per cent. increase in total assets as at 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December 2019 was mostly due to 
increases in due from banks and loans and advances and Islamic financing. In 2019, due from banks increased by 150 per 
cent. or AED 1.5 billion, while net loans and advances and Islamic financing increased by 18 per cent. or AED 9.2 billion. 
Loans and advances and Islamic financing, net 
CBD's loan portfolio comprises loans and advances and Islamic financing to commercial, retail and government-related 
entities across a range of economic sectors made on both conventional and Islamic basis. 
As at 31 December 2020, 80.8 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing was denominated in 
AED, as at 31 December 2019, 82.5 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing was denominated 
in AED and as at 31 December 2018, 82.9 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing was 
denominated in AED. The majority of CBD's remaining loan portfolio was denominated in U.S. dollars. 
The following table sets out CBD's net loans and advances and Islamic financing by economic sector as at 31 March 2021 
and as at 31 December 2020, 2019, and 2018. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 March 
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 2018 
2020/ 2019 
March 2021/ 
December 2020 
 
(AED million) 
Commercial and Business 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Manufacturing ....................................................................... 
2,360 
2,432 
3,329  
3,645  
3.1 
37 
9.5 
Construction .......................................................................... 
3,678 
4,383 
5,000 
4,789 
19.2 
14  
           (4.2) 
Real estate ............................................................................. 
16,006 
22,695 
23,373 
24,330 
41.8 
3 
4.1 
Trade ..................................................................................... 
5,317 
5,741 
6,580 
7,705 
8 
14.6  
17.1 
Transportation and storage .................................................... 
1,492 
951 
2,720 
3,087 
(36.3) 
186 
13.5  
Services ................................................................................. 
4,305 
5,715 
5,320 
5,149  
32.8 
(7)              
          (3.2) 
Hospitality ............................................................................. 
2,652 
2,574 
2,576 
2,581 
(2.9) 
0 
0.2 
Total Commercial and Business ........................................ 
35,810 
44,491 
48,898 
51,286 
24.2 
10 
4.9 
Financial and insurance activities ......................................... 
7,312 
8,185 
5,814 
5,988 
11.9 
(29)  
3 
Government entities .............................................................. 
131 
274 
1,334 
1,513 
109.2 
386.5 
13.4 
Personal – mortgage .............................................................. 
2,836 
3,308 
4,037 
4,725  
16.6 
22 
17.0 
Personal – schematic ............................................................. 
4,925 
4,691 
4,953  
5,453 
(4.8) 
5.6 
10.1  
Individual loans for business ................................................. 
2,032 
1,760 
1,241 
1,141 
(13.4) 
(29.5) 
(8)  
Others .................................................................................... 
1,012 
1,331 
2,772 
3,514  
31.5 
108.2 
26.8 
Gross loans and advances and Islamic financing ............. 
54,058 
64,040 
69,045 
73,620 
18.5 
7.8 
6.6  
Allowances for impairment losses ........................................ 
(3,113) 
(3,858) 
(3,761) 
(4,021) 
23.9 
(2.5) 
6.9 
Net loans and advances and Islamic financing ................. 
50,945 
60,181 
65,289 
69,598 
18.1 
8.5 
6.6

--- Page 155 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 March 2021, 69.7 per cent. of CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing were made to the 
commercial and business sectors, compared to 70.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.  As at 31 December 2019, 
CBD's gross loans and advances and Islamic financing to the commercial and business sectors were at 69.5 per 
cent. compared to 66.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. As at 31 March 2021, 13.8 per cent. of CBD's gross 
loans and advances and Islamic financing were made to the personal sector (as compared to 13 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020, 12.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, and 14.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2018); and 8.1 
per cent. were made to financial and insurance sector (as compared to 8.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 
12.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, and 13.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2018). 
As at 31 March 2021, gross loans and advances and Islamic financing to the transportation and storage sector 
saw a 13.5 per cent. increase compared to 31 December 2020.  Gross loans and advances and Islamic financing 
to the manufacturing, government, and trade sector, increased by 9.5 per cent., 13.4 per cent, and 17.1  per cent. 
respectively for the same period. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, to appropriately manage credit risk, 
CBD has taken several measures, including identifying and conducting frequent reviews of vulnerable sectors, 
such as the tourism and hospitality, aviation and airlines, retail, , logistics, real estate and education sectors. 
CBD continues to apply robust underwriting standards to companies in these sectors, especially for any new-
to-bank customers. Extra measures, such as requiring additional approvals for disbursals of facilities have been 
implemented to ensure a high level of scrutiny over the credit management process. In spite of these additional 
measures, CBD has not noticed any reduced demand for its loans and advances portfolio as at 31 March 2021. 
CBD increased its gross loans and advances and Islamic financing in the real estate sector by 3 per cent., 
decreased in the services sector by 7  per cent., and increased in the government sector by 386.5%  per cent. 
between 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
The construction, services and financial and insurance activities sectors witnessed growth of 19 per cent., 33 
per cent., and 12  per cent., respectively as at 31 December 2019 when compared to 31 December 2018. 
The distribution of the loan portfolio across economic sectors is oriented towards real estate, financial and 
insurance activities, trade, services and personal loans sector, which is in line with the domestic economy. 
Investment securities 
The following table sets out the composition of CBD's investment securities as at 31 December 2018, 2019, 2020 and 31 
March 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March 
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 2018 
2020/ 2019 
March 2021 / 
December 2020 
 
(AED million) 
Held at fair value through profit or loss .....................................  
- 
254 
320 
312 
100 
26 
(2.5) 
Held at fair value through other comprehensive income ...........  
6,751 
5,359 
4,942 
7,458 
(20.6) 
(7.8)  
51 
Held at amortised cost ................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
3,610 
- 
- 
100 
Investment securities, gross .....................................................  
6,751 
5,613 
5,263 
11,381 
(16.9) 
(6.3) 
116.3 
___________ 
1 
Prior to IFRS 9 transition, securities under "Held at fair value through profit or loss" were classified as "Held for Trading", securities under "Held at fair value 
through other comprehensive income" were classified as "Available for Sale" and securities under "Held at amortised cost" were classified as "Held to 
Maturity". 
 
As at 31 December 2018, CBD had investment securities of AED 6.8  billion, AED 5.6  billion as at 
31 December 2019, AED  5.26 billion as at 31 December 2020 and AED  11.38 billion as at 31 March 2021.  
CBD decreased its portfolio of investment securities by 17 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and a further 6 
per cent. as at 31 December 2020, whereas it increased the portfolio by 116.3 per cent. as at 31 March  2021. 
The level of CBD's investment securities which are categorised as held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income contribute to CBD's compliance with enhanced liquidity ratio requirements as required 
under Basel III liquidity ratios. 
In accordance with its strategy to maintain a higher level of liquid assets in line with new liquidity ratios, CBD 
did not replace the natural run-off of its held to maturity investments during the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Government securities constituted AED 1.8 billion, or 34 per cent. of CBD's AED 5.26 billion investment

--- Page 156 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
securities portfolio as at 31 December 2020, AED 2.6 billion, or 46 per cent. of CBD's AED 5.6  billion 
investment securities portfolio as at 31 December 2019; and AED 3.6 billion, or 54 per cent., of CBD's AED 
6.8  billion investment securities portfolio as at 31 December 2018.  As at 31 March 2021, government securities 
constituted AED 6.959 billion or 61 per cent. of CBD's AED 11 billion investment securities portfolio. CBD's 
investment securities portfolio experienced a decrease in valuation in March 2020, as a result of the market sell-
off after the WHO declared the COVID—19 outbreak to be a pandemic and the drop in oil prices. See "Risk 
Factors – Risks relating to CBD's business - CBD's business, results of operations and financial condition may 
be adversely affected by the impact of COVID-19" for more information. As at 31 March 2021, the majority of 
the securities in CBD's portfolio had recovered their losses, reflecting a reversal in the regional and global 
financial markets. However, the global financial markets could become volatile again in the future as a result of 
the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Other assets 
The following table sets out the composition of CBD's other assets as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2019 / 2018 
2020 / 2019 
 
(AED million) 
Interest receivable ..............................................................................  
374 
396 
482 
5.9 
21.7 
Accounts receivable and prepayments ...............................................  
254 
117 
359 
(53.9) 
206.8 
Property acquired in settlement of debt ..............................................  
111 
352 
1,170  
217.1 
232.4 
Positive mark to market value of derivatives* ...................................  
105 
485 
875 
361.9 
80.4 
Other assets .......................................................................................  
844 
1,350 
2,886 
60.0 
113.8 
_________ 
* 
see Note 31 to the 2018, 2019 and 2020 Financial Statements. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, CBD's other assets increased by 114 per cent. as compared to 31 December 2019, and increased 
by 60 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 as compared to 31 December 2018. 
Funding – Total liabilities and equity 
The table below sets out the principal sources of CBD's funding as at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 December 2020, 2019, 
2018. 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March  
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 2018 
2020/ 2019 
31 March 
2021/ 
December 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Due to banks .......................................................................... 
2,763 
4,167 
4,783 
7,523 
50.8 
14.8 
57.3 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits ................ 
53,165 
63,334 
69,751 
70,902 
19.1 
10.1 
1.7 
Notes and medium term borrowing ...................................... 
2,610 
3,231 
1,764  
1,764 
23.8 
(45.4) 
0 
Due for trade acceptances ..................................................... 
5,266 
5,347 
5,972 
6,557 
1.5 
11.7 
9.8  
Other liabilities ...................................................................... 
1,078 
1,774 
2,138 
3,101 
64.6 
20.5 
45 
Total liabilities ..................................................................... 
64,883 
77,852 
84,408 
89,848 
20 
8.4 
6.5 
Total equity .......................................................................... 
9,219 
10,217 
12,954 
12,623 
10.8 
26.8 
(2.6) 
Total liabilities and equity .................................................. 
74,102 
88,069 
97,362 
102,471 
18.8 
10.6 
5.2 
 
Due to banks 
The following table sets out CBD's due to banks funding as at 31 December 2017, 2018 and 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2019 / 2018 
2019 / 2018 
 
(AED million) 
Current and demand deposits .............................................................  
187 
181 
89 
(3.2) 
(51) 
Term borrowings ................................................................................  
2,576 
3,985 
4,694 
54.7 
17.8 
Due to banks  .................................................................................... 
2,763 
4,167 
4,783 
50.8 
14.8 
 
Amounts due to banks comprise current and demand deposits and arise from short-term liquidity management related 
borrowings. The variances in balances arise mainly from transactions over the end of the accounting period.

--- Page 157 ---
143 
 
 
 
 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits 
CBD's funding base principally consists of customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits, which constituted 72 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2018, 72 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, 72 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, and 69 per cent. as at 
31 March 2021 of CBD's total liabilities and equity.  CBD's customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits are sourced 
mainly from corporate customers. 
As at 31 March  2021 53.7 per cent. of CBD's customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits were sourced from the 
corporate sector, 18.4 per cent. were sourced from the government sector, and 27.9 per cent., were sourced from the 
personal sector.  
As at 31 December 2020, of CBD's customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits, 51 per cent. were sourced from the 
corporate sector (compared to 52 per cent. as at 31 December 2019), 26.6 per cent. were sourced from the personal sector 
(compared to 24 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) and 22.4 per cent. were sourced from the government sector (compared 
to 24 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
The following table sets out the breakdown of funding from customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits by type of 
deposit as at 31 December 2018, 2019, and 2020 and as at 31 March  2021. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March  
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 2018 
2020/ 2019 
March 2021/ 
December 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Customer deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current and demand accounts ............................................... 
15,159 
18,139 
21,669 
23,320 
19.7 
19.5 
7.6 
Savings accounts ................................................................... 
2,422 
2,750 
3,410 
3,494 
13.5 
24 
2.5 
Time deposits ........................................................................ 
23,394 
27,968 
28,404 
27,719 
19.6 
1.6 
(2.4) 
 
40,975 
48,857 
53,482 
54,532 
19.2 
9.5 
2 
Islamic customer deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current and demand accounts ............................................... 
2,509 
3,496 
3,268 
3,884 
39.3 
(6.5) 
18.8 
Mudaraba savings accounts .................................................. 
591 
583 
571 
563 
(1.4) 
(2) 
(1.4)  
Investment and Wakala deposits ........................................... 
9,090 
10,399 
12,430 
11,923 
14.4 
19.5  
(4) 
 
12,190 
14,478 
16,269 
16,370 
18.8 
12.4 
0.6 
Total customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits .. 
53,165 
63,334 
69,751 
70,902 
19.1 
10.1  
1.7 
 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits increased by 19 per cent. to AED 63.3 billion as at 31 December 2019 
compared to AED 53.2 billion as at 31 December 2018. The increase was mainly as a result of an AED 4.2 billion or 20.7 
per cent. increase in current and savings accounts, and an AED 5.9 billion or 18.1 per cent. increase in the level of time 
deposits. 
Customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits increased by 10 per cent. to AED 69.8  billion as at 31 December 2020 
when compared with 31 December 2019, arising from the AED 3.9 billion, or 15.8 per cent. increase in current and savings 
accounts and AED 2.4 billion, or 6.4 per cent. increase in time deposits. 
Total customer deposits and Islamic customer deposits of AED 70.9 billion as at 31 March 2021 increased by 1.7 per cent., 
compared with AED 69.8  billion as at 31 December 2020, mostly from the AED 2.3 billion increase in current and savings 
accounts. 
Euro medium term notes ("EMTN") 
CBD established its Programme in 2013, which provides for the issuance of notes by way of private or public placements 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. Notes issued under the Programme can be issued at a fixed rate, 
floating rate or can be index linked. The maximum issuance under the Programme was initially USD 2 billion but was 
increased to USD 3 billion in 2016. 
In May 2013, CBD issued USD 500 million (AED 1,836.5 million) of Euro Medium Term Notes at a coupon of 3.375 per 
cent. These notes matured on 21 May 2018. 
In November 2015, CBD issued USD 400 million (AED 1,469.2 million) of Euro Medium Term Notes at a coupon of 
4.000 per cent. maturing in November 2020. These notes matured on 17 November 2020.

--- Page 158 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
Syndicated loans 
In June 2016, the Group entered into a club deal of U.S.$450 million (AED 1,653 million) for a term of 3 years with an 
option to roll over on a quarterly or semi-annual basis maturing in June 2019. The arrangement was prepaid in 
December 2018. In August 2019, the Group entered into a U.S.$170 million syndicated loan with a term of 5 years, with 
an option to roll over on a semi-annual basis maturing in August 2024. 
Repurchase agreements 
In July 2012, CBD entered into repo transactions to obtain financing against the sale of certain debt securities, amounting 
to U.S.$150 million (AED 551 million) with arrangements to repurchase them at a fixed future date in July 2017. In June 
2016, the repurchase date was extended by an additional five years to July 2022. 
In June 2016, the Group entered into additional repo transactions to obtain financing against the sale of certain debt 
securities, amounting to U.S.$161 million (AED 592 million) with arrangements to repurchase them at a fixed future date 
in June 2021. 
Other liabilities 
The following table sets out the breakdown of CBD's other liabilities as at 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2019 / 2018 
2020 / 2019 
 
(AED million) 
Interest payable ..................................................................................  
379 
460 
379  
21.4 
(17.6)  
Employees' terminal benefits .............................................................  
61 
51 
50 
(16.4) 
(2) 
Accounts payable ...............................................................................  
220 
320 
507  
45.5 
58.4 
Accrued expenses ...............................................................................  
134 
137 
126  
2.2 
(8)  
Manager cheques ................................................................................  
117 
326 
221 
178.6  
          (32.2)  
Unearned fee income and deferred credits .........................................  
86 
72 
60  
(16.3) 
(16.7) 
Negative mark to market value of derivatives* .................................  
83 
407 
795 
390.4  
          95.3  
Other liabilities .................................................................................  
1,078 
1,774 
2,138  
64.6  
20.5 
___________ 
1     See note 31 to 2020 Financial Statements and 2019 and 2018 Financial Statements. 
CBD's other liabilities increased by 20.5  per cent. from AED 1.8  billion as at 31 December 2019 to AED  2.1 billion as 
at 31 December 2020. CBD's other liabilities increased by 65 per cent. from AED 1.1 billion as at 31 December 2018 to 
AED 1.8 billion as at 31 December 2019. 
Total equity 
CBD's total equity amounted to AED 9.2 billion as at 31 December 2018, AED 10.2 billion as at 31 December 2019, and 
AED 12.95  billion as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 March  2021, CBD's total equity amounted to AED 12.62 billion. 
The main components of CBD's total equity as at 31 December 2018, 2019, and 2020 and as at 31 March 2021 were: 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 
March  
Percentage change (%) 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2019 / 2018 
2020 / 2019 
March 2021/ 
December 
2020 
 
(AED million) 
Share capital .......................................................................... 
2,803 
2,803 
2,803 
2,803 
- 
- 
- 
Legal and statutory reserve ................................................... 
1,401 
1,401 
1,401 
1,401 
- 
- 
- 
General reserve ..................................................................... 
1,328 
1,328 
1,328 
1,328  
- 
- 
- 
Capital reserve ....................................................................... 
39 
39 
39 
39  
- 
- 
- 
Fair value reserve .................................................................. 
(137) 
48 
66 
(13) 
(135.0) 
37.5 
119.7 
Retained earnings .................................................................. 
 
3,785 
4,597 
5,114 
4,861 
21.5 
11.2 
(5) 
Tier 1 Capital Notes……………………………… 
0 
0 
2,204 
2,204 
- 
100 
- 
Total equity .......................................................................... 
9,219 
10,217 
12,954 
12,623 
10.8 
26.8 
(2.6) 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the authorised, issued and fully paid-up ordinary share capital of CBD comprised 2,802,733,968 
ordinary shares of AED 1 each (31 December 2019: 2,802,733,968 ordinary shares of AED 1 each). 
At CBD's annual general meeting held on 11 March 2020, the Bank's shareholders approved the acquisition of up to 40 per 
cent. of the Bank's share capital by non-UAE nationals, subject to obtaining the necessary approval of the regulatory

--- Page 159 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
authorities. On 14 June 2020, all such regulatory formalities were completed and since then, non-UAE nationals are able 
to acquire the Bank's shares. 
No increase in share capital was proposed at the Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of CBD held on 11 March 
2020 and the shareholders resolved not to increase the share capital of CBD. 
For further information, see "Description of CBD – Share Capital and Shareholders".

--- Page 160 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES AND THE EMIRATE OF DUBAI 
The information set forth in this section is based on publically available information.  CBD accepts 
responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as far as CBD is aware, no facts have been 
omitted which would render such information inaccurate or misleading.  CBD accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy of such information, which may also be approximate or use rounded numbers. 
History of the United Arab Emirates and the Emirate of Dubai 
The United Arab Emirates 
The UAE is a federation of seven Emirates.  Formerly known as the Trucial States, the seven Emirates were 
British protectorates until they achieved independence on 2 December 1971 and merged to form the UAE.  The 
UAE is situated along the south-eastern tip of the Arabian Peninsula.  The State of Qatar lies to the north-west, 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to the west, south and south-east and Oman lies to the south-east and north-east 
of the UAE.  The UAE occupies a total area of approximately 83,600 square kilometres, with 600 kilometres of 
its coastline along the Arabian Gulf and 100 kilometres bordering the Gulf of Oman. 
Each Emirate has a local government headed by the Ruler of the Emirate.  The UAE also has a federal 
government which is headed by the President of the UAE.  The federation is governed by the Supreme Council 
of the Rulers which consists of the Rulers of the seven Emirates.  The Supreme Council elects from its own 
membership the President and the Vice President (for renewable five-year terms).  H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan 
Al Nahyan, the late Ruler of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, held the position of President from 1971 until his death 
in November 2004.  During his long presidency, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan oversaw massive 
investment in the infrastructure of the UAE, which transformed the country.  Following his death, his son 
H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan took over as Ruler of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and has been elected 
as the President of the UAE.  The federal budget is principally funded by the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. 
The Emirate of Dubai 
The Emirate of Dubai is the second largest Emirate in the UAE after the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, and is situated 
to the north-east of the UAE in the south-eastern coast of the Arabian Gulf.  It covers an area of approximately 
4,357 square kilometres and, except for an enclave in the Hajar Mountains at Hatta, the Emirate of Dubai 
comprises one contiguous block of territory. 
In the early part of the nineteenth century the members of the Bani Yas tribe, led by H.H. Sheikh Maktoum Bin 
Butti, left the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and migrated north to establish an independent sheikhdom in the area now 
known as Dubai.  The ruler of the Emirate is now Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum who is also the 
Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE. 
Before the discovery of oil, the Emirate of Dubai started as a pearl diving and fishing village in the first half of 
the eighteenth century.  However, an important period of economic activity occurred in the nineteenth century 
when the Emirate of Dubai, split by a 14kilometre creek that leads into a natural harbour, established itself as a 
centre for the import and re-export of merchandise, along with its pearling industry. 
In the early part of the twentieth century, to counter the loss of economic activity from the decline in the pearling 
industry following the First World War, Dubai sought to attract traders through its liberal business policies and 
low taxes, enabling the Emirate to establish itself as a centre for trade in gold bullion, textiles and consumer 
durables. 
In the 1930s and 1940s, oil was discovered in Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, adding to that already found in 
Iran, Iraq and Bahrain.  In 1958, oil was found off the shore of Abu Dhabi and, in 1966, oil was first discovered 
by the Dubai Petroleum Company at Fateh, which lies 92 kilometres off the coast of Dubai.  Over the years, oil 
revenues have been used to create and develop the economic and social infrastructure of the Emirate.  In 
addition, as a regional trading hub, Dubai was well-placed to capitalise on the increase in Middle East business 
activity that came with oil exports.

--- Page 161 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
Population 
The population of the UAE 
The UAE population was estimated to be more than 9 million people as at 31 December 2016, according to data 
released on 3 August 2017 by the UAE Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority (formerly the National 
Bureau of Statistics) (the “FCSA”). 
The population of the UAE has grown significantly since 1985, reflecting an influx of foreign labour, principally 
from Asia, as each of the Emirates have developed.  The table below illustrates this growth using official census 
data since 1985 for the UAE: 
 
1985 
1995 
2005 
2010 
Total population .................................................  
1,379,303 
2,411,041 
4,106,427 
8,264,070(1) 
Dubai population ................................................  
370,788 
689,420 
1,321,453 
1,905,476 
_________ 
Source: Official UAE Census Data. 
Notes: 
(1) FCSA estimate 
According to the United Nations’ mid-year estimates, the UAE had a population of approximately 9.4 million 
in 2017 (source:  Statistical Yearbook 2017 edition, United Nationals Department of Economic and Social 
Affairs, Statistics Division).  Population of Dubai 
The table below sets out the estimated population of Dubai at the end of each of the years indicated: 
 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2018 
Total population, Dubai ......................................  
2,213,845 
2,327,350 
2,446,675 
2,698,600 
3,192,275 
_________ 
Source:  Dubai Statistics Centre. 
The Dubai Statistics Centre has estimated the population of Dubai to be approximately 3,192,275 at the end of 
2018.  The number of ‘active individuals’ present during the day in Dubai is estimated at considerably more 
(approximately 4.2 million at year-end 2017), many of whom work within Dubai yet reside outside of it. 
The majority of the population of Dubai is estimated to be non-UAE nationals, mainly drawn from the Indian 
subcontinent, Europe and other Arab countries.  As at 31 December 2018, approximately 70 per cent. of the 
population was estimated to be male and 30 per cent. female, reflecting the large male expatriate workforce 
unaccompanied by family members. 
According to the Dubai Statistics Centre, as at 31 December 2018, it was estimated that approximately 58.53 
per cent. of the population is concentrated in the 25-44 age group.  The 30-34 group had the highest number of 
individuals representing 17.94 per cent. of the total population, the 25-29 age group constituted 16.59 per cent. 
of the population and the 35-39 age group constituted 13.34 per cent. of the total population. 
Education and training are an important strategic focus for Dubai, and the literacy rate in Dubai for persons at 
or above the age of 10 was estimated at 97.5 per cent. in 2017. 
Governance, Legislation and Judiciary 
The UAE 
UAE Constitution 
The original constitution of the UAE (the “Constitution”) established the legal framework for the UAE.  The 
major principle adopted by the Constitution was that jurisdiction for enacting substantive legislation was 
confined to the federal government, but the local governments of each of the seven Emirates were authorised to 
regulate those matters that were not the subject of legislation by the federal government.

--- Page 162 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
The Constitution was initially provisional but was made permanent pursuant to a constitutional amendment in 
May 1996. 
Pursuant to Articles 120 and 121 of the Constitution, the federal government is responsible for foreign affairs; 
security and defence; nationality and immigration; education; public health; the currency; postal, telephone and 
other communications services; air traffic control and the licensing of aircraft; banking; the delimitation of 
territorial waters; the extradition of criminals and a number of other matters.  Federal matters are regulated 
through a number of specially created federal ministries which include the Ministries of Defence, Economy, 
Finance, Foreign Affairs and Justice.  Although most of the federal government ministries are based in the 
Emirate of Abu Dhabi, many also maintain offices in the Emirate of Dubai.  The UAE’s monetary and exchange 
rate policy is managed on a federal basis by the UAE Central Bank.  Article 122 of the Constitution states that 
the Emirates shall have jurisdiction in all matters not assigned to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federation, in 
accordance with the provision of the preceding two Articles. 
The local governments of each of the seven Emirates are given flexibility in the governance and management 
of their own Emirates.  The Constitution permits individual Emirates to elect to maintain their own competencies 
in certain sectors.  Based on this flexibility, the Emirate of Dubai has elected to assume responsibility for its 
own education, judicial and public health systems.  The natural resources and wealth in each Emirate are 
considered to be the public property of that Emirate. 
Each Emirate manages its own budget on an independent basis and no Emirate has any obligation to contribute 
to the budget of any other Emirate.  Each Emirate makes contributions to the federal budget in agreed amounts. 
The following are the key entities in the structure of the federal government of the UAE. 
Federal Supreme Council 
The UAE is governed by the Supreme Council of the Rulers which consists of the rulers of each of the seven 
Emirates (the “Supreme Council”) and is the highest federal governing body.  The Supreme Council elects 
from its own membership the President and the Vice President (for renewable five-year terms). 
In 1971, the Ruler of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, was elected as the 
first President of the UAE and was re-elected as President for successive five-year terms until his death in 
November 2004.  H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan was succeeded by his son H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin 
Zayed Al Nahyan as Ruler of Abu Dhabi who was elected as President of the UAE in November 2004 by the 
members of the Supreme Council. 
The Ruler of the Emirate of Dubai, H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, was also elected as the first 
Vice-President of the UAE in 1971 and continued as Vice-President until his death in 1990.  H.H. Sheikh 
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum became the Ruler of Dubai in January 2006 upon the death of his elder 
brother H.H. Sheikh Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum who had ruled Dubai since 1990.  He was also 
nominated by the President of the UAE, H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahayan, to be the next Prime 
Minister and Vice-President of the UAE in January 2006.  The members of the Supreme Council accepted the 
President’s nomination shortly thereafter. 
Decisions relating to substantive matters are decided by a majority vote of five Emirates, provided that the votes 
of both the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the Emirate of Dubai are included in that majority, but matters that are 
purely procedural are decided by a simple majority vote. 
The Supreme Council is vested with legislative as well as executive powers.  It ratifies federal laws and decrees, 
plans general policy and approves the nomination of the Prime Minister and accepts his resignation.  It also 
relieves him from his post upon the recommendation of the President. 
Federal Council of Ministers 
The Federal Council of Ministers (the “Cabinet”) is the principal executive body of the federation and is 
described in the Constitution as the executive authority for the federation.  The Constitution defines the

--- Page 163 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
responsibilities of the Cabinet, which include implementing policy decisions of the Supreme Council, issuing 
regulations, preparing draft laws and drawing up the annual federal budget. 
The Cabinet is based in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, is headed by the Prime Minister and consists of the Deputy 
Prime Minister and a number of other Ministers.  These Ministers are normally selected (for no fixed term) by 
the approval of the Supreme Council on the recommendation of the Prime Minister. 
Federal National Council 
The Federal National Council (the “FNC”) is a parliamentary body which comprises 40 members who are UAE 
nationals.  Half of the members are appointed by their respective rulers and the other half is elected under an 
electoral process.  Each Emirate appoints members for a particular number of seats based on such Emirate’s 
population and size.  The Emirates of Abu Dhabi and Dubai have eight members each, the Emirates of Ras Al 
Khaimah and Sharjah have six members each and the other Emirates have four members each.  The nomination 
of representative members is left to the discretion of each Emirate, and the members’ legislative term is four 
calendar years.  The members represent the UAE as a whole rather than their individual Emirates. 
Presided over by a speaker, or either of two deputy speakers elected from amongst its members, the FNC has 
both a legislative and supervisory role under the Constitution.  This means that it is responsible for examining 
and, if required, amending, all proposed federal legislation, and is empowered to summon and to question any 
federal minister regarding ministry performance.  One of the main duties of the Federal FNC is to discuss the 
annual budget of the UAE.  Although the FNC can monitor and debate government policy, it has no veto or 
amendment power and cannot initiate any legislation by itself. 
During 2006, reforms were made with a view to enhancing public participation in the electoral process.  Under 
these reforms, the Ruler of each Emirate selects an electoral college whose members are at least 100 times the 
number of FNC members for the relevant emirate.  The members of each electoral college then elects half of 
the FNC members for their Emirate, with the remainder being appointed by the ruler of Dubai. 
In May 2011, the National Election Commission issued new electoral guidelines addressing the methods of 
selection of representatives to the FNC, the role of the National Election Commission and its subcommittees 
and general rules on the elections, nominations, campaign, filing of appeals and timeline for the electoral 
process. 
The most recent FNC elections were held on 24 September 2015, where 329 candidates stood for election to the 
20 elected positions on the Federal National Council, with a voter turnout across the UAE of 69,157, an increase 
of 35 per cent. on the last elect held in September 2011. 
Legal and Court System 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE, namely: (i) federal laws and decrees (applicable in all seven 
Emirates); (ii) local laws and decrees (i.e. laws and regulations enacted by an individual Emirate); and (iii) the 
Shari’a (Islamic law).  The secondary form of law is trade custom or practice.  In the absence of federal 
legislation on areas specifically reserved to federal authority, the Ruler of Dubai or local government of each 
Emirate can apply his or its own rules, regulations and practices. 
The federal judiciary, whose independence is guaranteed under the Constitution, includes the Federal Supreme 
Court and Courts of First Instance.  The Federal Supreme Court consists of five judges appointed by the Supreme 
Council.  The judges decide on the constitutionality of federal laws and arbitrate on inter-Emirate disputes and 
disputes between the federal government and the Emirates. 
In accordance with the Constitution, three of the seven Emirates (the Emirates of Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Ras Al 
Khaimah) have elected to maintain their own court system, separate from that of the UAE, and these courts have 
sole jurisdiction to hear cases brought in the respective Emirates.  The judicial system in Dubai is comprised of: 
(i) a Court of First Instance; (ii) a Court of Appeal; and (iii) a Court of Cassation.

--- Page 164 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
Emirate of Dubai 
The laws of Dubai are passed by Decree of the Ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, 
who is also the Vice-President and Prime Minster of UAE.  The Crown Prince of Dubai is Sheikh Hamdan bin 
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum.  The Deputy Rulers are Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum and 
Sheikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. 
The key entities in the structure of the Government of Dubai are: (i) the Ruler’s Court; (ii) the Supreme Fiscal 
Committee (the “SFC”); and (iii) the Executive Council (the “Executive Council”).  The Dubai Department of 
Economic Development (the “DED”) and the Dubai Department of Finance (the “DOF”) are administrative 
bodies.  All five of these entities have distinct roles: 
The Ruler’s Court:  Except in relation to applicable federal laws, H.H. the Ruler of Dubai is the sole legislator 
for the Emirate and all Dubai laws are passed by H.H. after drafts of the laws have been approved by the Ruler’s 
Court in consultation with the Executive Council.  All other matters that require the involvement of H.H. the 
Ruler of Dubai are channelled through the Ruler’s Court. 
Supreme Fiscal Committee:  The SFC was established in November 2007 to formulate the fiscal policies of the 
Government of Dubai and to regulate Government borrowings.  The SFC is authorised to approve borrowings 
by the Government of Dubai and Government of Dubai-owned entities on behalf of the Government of Dubai.  
The SFC also aims to improve coordination between various Government entities, and to enable government 
entities to meet their respective development targets in a cost-efficient manner. 
Executive Council:  The Executive Council seeks to ensure coordination amongst Government departments 
such as the courts, the police, the Health Authority, the Land Department, the Department of Civil Aviation, the 
DED and the Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing.  The Executive Council works with these 
departments to implement an overall strategy for the Government of Dubai, while considering the requirements 
and strategies of each particular department.  In addition, the Executive Council works with the DOF to prepare 
an overall budget to fund the requirements of the various government departments.  In addition to this broad 
coordination role, the Executive Council also recommends new laws and regulations, and is involved in the 
implementation of laws promulgated at both the Emirate and federal levels. 
Department of Economic Development:  The DED is a regulatory and administrative body responsible for 
licensing and regulation of the business sector.  All businesses operating in Dubai are required to be registered 
with and licensed by the DED.  The DED also helps formulate Government policy in relation to economic 
planning and the promotion of Dubai as a business centre.  The DED works closely with relevant government 
bodies such as the Ministry of Labour and the Real Estate Regulatory Authority. 
Department of Finance:  The DOF is the local ministry of finance and treasury for the Government of Dubai.  
All revenues of the Government of Dubai are collected within the DOF and all Government authorities are 
funded through the DOF.  In addition, the DOF also functions as an administrative office of the SFC for 
executing and monitoring compliance with the SFC’s decisions. 
Strategy of Dubai 
Since the establishment of the UAE in 1971, Dubai has developed its status as a major city, enhancing the 
well-being of its people and creating an environment that attracts businesses and individuals. 
Dubai Plan 2021 
Following the end of the Dubai Strategic Plan 2015, the Government of Dubai launched the Dubai Plan 2021 
(the “DP 2021”).  The key principles for the development of the DP 2021 were to develop a plan that would 
drive Dubai to be amongst the best cities in the world; identify and adopt best practices in national strategic 
planning; develop a plan that can be measured and assessed by all constituents; and adopt a development 
approach that engaged the various constituents and stakeholders involved in or affected by the DP 2021.  
Amongst other things, the DP 2021 addresses Dubai’s urban environment including both natural and built assets,

--- Page 165 ---
151 
 
 
 
 
and looks at the living experience of the people of Dubai and its visitors as a result of their interaction with this 
environment and the economic and social services provided. 
International Relations 
Pursuant to Articles 120 and 121 of the UAE Constitution, foreign policy and international relations are a federal 
matter and, accordingly, Dubai does not enter into bilateral agreements with foreign governments. 
The foreign policy of the UAE is based upon a set of guiding principles, laid down by the country’s first 
President, Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.  He derived these principles from his belief in the need for 
justice in international dealings between states, including the necessity of adhering to the principle of non-
interference in the internal affairs of others and the pursuit, wherever possible, of peaceful resolution of disputes, 
together with support for international institutions, such as the United Nations (the “UN”). 
Within the Arabian Gulf region, and in the broader Arab world, the UAE has sought to enhance cooperation 
and to resolve disagreement through the pursuit of dialogue.  Thus, one of the central features of the UAE’s 
foreign policy has been the development of closer ties with its neighbours in the Arabian Gulf region.  The 
GCC, which comprises the UAE, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar and Oman, was founded at a summit 
conference held in Abu Dhabi in May 1981. 
At the broader level of the Arab world as a whole, the UAE is committed to rebuilding a sense of common 
purpose amongst both its people and its governments and, to this end, has supported the strengthening of 
common institutions, such as the League of Arab States.  Beyond the Arab world, the UAE has pursued a policy 
of seeking, wherever possible, to build friendly relations with other nations, both in the developing and in the 
industrialised world.  The UAE also maintains cordial relations with other regional states and has established 
good relations with the United States of America and the European Union as well as with developing nations in 
Africa and many of the countries of the former Soviet Union.  The UAE has also entered into a number of 
bilateral agreements with other countries (such as the UAE’s nuclear cooperation agreement with the United 
States of America that provides the foundation for the UAE’s civilian nuclear energy programme and provides 
a legal framework for commerce in civilian nuclear energy between the two countries). 
Since its establishment, the UAE has played an active role in the provision of financial aid to developing 
countries and has been a contributor of emergency relief to countries and areas affected by conflict and natural 
disasters.  The philosophy behind the aid policy is two-fold: first, the provision of help for the needy is a duty 
incumbent on all Muslims and, second, the country’s policy on utilisation of the revenues from its oil and gas 
production has always included a component that they should be devoted, in part, to helping other countries that 
have fewer natural resources. 
The UAE is an active participant in a number of multi-lateral developmental institutions, including the 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the “World Bank”), the IMF, the International 
Development Agency and regional bodies like the OPEC Fund for International Development, the Arab Gulf 
Fund for the UN, the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa, the Abu Dhabi-based Arab Monetary 
Fund and the Islamic Development Bank.  In addition, the UAE is a member of various international 
organisations including, amongst others, the GCC, the UN, the League of Arab States, the Organisation of 
Islamic Countries, the Organisation of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries, the Organisation of the Petroleum 
Exporting Countries (OPEC), the World Health Organisation, the International Organisation for Industrial 
Development, the World Trade Organisation and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation. 
The UAE enjoys good relations with the other states in the GCC.  However, on 5 June 2017, the UAE and two 
other GCC member states, namely the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, together with other states in the 
MENA region, namely Egypt, Libya and Yemen, moved to cut diplomatic ties, trade and transport links with 
Qatar.  The measures to do this included a closure of land, sea and air access and the expulsion of Qatari officials, 
residents, and visitors from those countries.  Kuwait and Oman, the remaining two member states of the GCC, 
have maintained ties with Qatar.

--- Page 166 ---
152 
 
 
 
 
The UAE also has an ongoing dispute with Iran and is in continuing discussions with Saudi Arabia over border 
issues.  Since 1971, the three Gulf islands of Abu Musa and Greater and Lesser Tunb have been occupied by 
Iran.  The UAE believes that these islands should be returned to the Emirate of Sharjah, which claims 
sovereignty over them, and is seeking to resolve the dispute through bilateral negotiations or a reference to 
international arbitration. 
The UAE is also seeking, through negotiation, to resolve issues related to the 1974 provisional and, as yet, 
unratified, agreement with Saudi Arabia on the border between the two countries, which the UAE believes 
should be substantially amended.  In addition, the UAE is involved in discussions with the governments of Saudi 
Arabia and Qatar over a maritime corridor which Qatar has purported to grant to Saudi Arabia, from within 
Qatar’s own maritime waters, but which crosses part of the route of the gas pipeline between Qatar and the 
UAE.  Further, the UAE, along with other Arab states, is currently participating in the Saudi Arabian led military 
intervention in the Republic of Yemen which began in 2015 in response to requests for assistance from the 
Yemeni government.  The UAE is also a member of another Saudi Arabian led military coalition formed in 
December 2015 to combat Islamic extremism and, in particular, Islamic State. 
Economy of the UAE 
Based on IMF data  (extracted from the World Economic Outlook (October 2019)), real GDP growth in the 
UAE increased by 5.8 per cent. in 2013, 3.3 per cent. in 2014, 3.8 per cent. in 2015 and 3.0 per cent. in 2016, 
0.8 per cent. in 2017, 1.7 per cent. in 2018 and is projected to increase by 1.6 per cent. in 2019. 
Although it has one of the most diversified economies in the GCC, the UAE’s wealth remains largely based on 
oil and gas.  According to OPEC data, at 31 December 2017, the UAE had approximately 6.6 per cent. of the 
world’s proven crude oil reserves (giving it the sixth largest oil reserves in the world).  According to data 
produced by the UAE Ministry of Economy and the IMF, respectively,  crude oil and natural gas accounted for 
16.7 per cent. of the UAE’s GDP and 18.7 per cent. of the total value of the UAE’s exports (including 
re-exports) in 2017. 
At 31 December 2018, the UAE’s natural gas reserves were estimated by OPEC at 6,091 billion standard cubic 
metres, making them the world’s seventh largest reserves after Russia, Iran, Qatar, the United States, 
Turkmenistan and Saudi Arabia. 
Based on IMF data (extracted from the World Economic Outlook (October 2018)), real GDP growth in the UAE 
increased by 5.1 per cent. in 2015, 3.0 per cent. in 2016 and 0.8 per cent. in 2017. 
Whilst fluctuations in energy prices do have a bearing on economic growth, the UAE is generally viewed as 
being less vulnerable than some of its GCC neighbours, primarily due to the growth in the services sector (with 
real estate, tourism, trade, transportation and government services being the main growth drivers of the sector). 
26 March 2019, Moody’s Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd. affirmed the UAE’s long-term credit rating of 
Aa2 (with a ‘stable’ outlook).  The principal reason cited for this high investment grade rating is the assumption 
that the obligations of the UAE federal government will be fully supported by the Government of the Emirate 
of Abu Dhabi.  The UAE is not rated by any other rating agency. 
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index classifies the UAE as an “emerging market” economy (compared to the 
previous classification of “frontier market”) with nine UAE companies (including the Dubai Financial Market 
and the ADX) included on the benchmark index. 
Economy of Dubai 
Dubai has a diversified economy which has demonstrated renewed growth, with real GDP increasing by 
approximately 1.9 per cent. in 2018.  Since the UAE was established, when approximately 50 per cent. of 
Dubai’s GDP was oil related, the Emirate’s reliance on oil has decreased, with the mining and quarrying sector 
accounting for 1.0 per cent. of Dubai’s GDP at current prices in 2017 (according to estimates by the Dubai 
Statistics Centre).

--- Page 167 ---
153 
 
 
 
 
Reflecting Dubai’s strategic geographic location, rising levels of international trade and the Government of 
Dubai’s long-standing strategy of positioning the Emirate as a trading centre, the wholesale and retail trade 
(which includes automotive repair) is the principal contributor to GDP, accounting for approximately16.5 per 
cent. of Dubai’s GDP in 2018 at current prices.  The wholesale and retail trade and repairing services sector 
grew by approximately 0.5 per cent. since 2017 at current prices.  Other significant growth sectors for Dubai in 
recent years have been manufacturing, transport and storage, information and communications and electricity, 
gas, steam and air conditioning supply.  The manufacturing sector grew by 1.9 per cent. in 2018 based on current 
prices.  The transport and storage sector grew by 1.4 per cent. in 2018 based on current prices as a result of 
improved foreign trade and port-related activities, in addition to increased demand for shipping and related 
services.  In addition, each of these sectors has benefitted from the Government of Dubai’s policies aimed at 
improving the business and investment environment and positioning Dubai as a regional hub, including specific 
high-profile developments initiated by the Government of Dubai and the establishment of a range of specialised 
free zones designed to attract new companies and investment. 
The Government of Dubai continues to focus on economic diversification and in this respect is targeting the 
travel and tourism, financial services, professional services, transport and logistics, trade and storage and 
construction sectors in particular as areas for future growth. 
The table below shows Dubai’s nominal and real GDP and nominal and real GDP growth rates for each of the 
years indicated. 
 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Dubai Nominal GDP (AED millions) ................  
378,881 
388,816 
395,835 
410,564 
Dubai Nominal GDP growth rates (%) ...............  
4.0 
2.6 
1.8 
3.7 
Dubai Real GDP (AED millions) .......................  
353,422 
367,437 
378,765 
389,444 
Dubai Real GDP growth rates (%) .....................  
4.5 
4.0 
3.1 
2.8 
_________ 
Source:  Dubai Statistics Centre. 
Foreign Direct Investment and Free Zones 
There are many incentives for foreign corporate entities to establish a business presence in one of the free zones 
in Dubai.  Foreign corporate entities can freely operate in the free zones and free zone entities can be 100 per 
cent. foreign-owned, unlike entities registered elsewhere in the UAE which require various degrees of local 
participation.  Free zone entities are exempt from paying corporate tax for 15 years, renewable for an additional 
15 years, and individuals are exempt from paying income tax.  There are no currency restrictions levied on the 
capital or the profits of free zone entities, and 100 per cent. of their capital and/or profit can be repatriated.  The 
ability to import into the free zones and to export abroad without any import duties, taxes or currency restrictions 
being levied on the free zone entity is a strong incentive for foreign corporate entities wishing to carry on such 
activities from and into the Middle East region to set up in one of the free zones. 
The incentives to set up in a free zone include a readily available workforce, no restrictions on the issuance of 
work permits and residence visas, availability of plots of land, prebuilt warehouses and offices on an annual 
lease basis, affordable workers’ accommodation and minimal legal and administrative procedures to commence 
operations. 
Each free zone in Dubai is governed both by federal law as well as the laws of Dubai.  In addition, each free 
zone is authorised to adopt and administer regulations which pertain to entities operating and licensed in that 
individual free zone.  The Dubai Free Zones Council was established in 2011 in order to increase coordination 
amongst the various Dubai free zones and to assist them in unifying the rules and regulations governing free 
zone companies, in particular the rules related to registration and licensing.  In addition, Law No. 13 of 2011, 
introduced by the Government of Dubai in September 2011, provides an additional incentive to establish free 
zone companies in Dubai by clarifying the ability of free zone companies to conduct business onshore in the 
Emirate.  The law includes provisions which formalise a licensing regime which will enable such free zone 
companies to operate onshore after registering with the DED.

--- Page 168 ---
154 
 
 
 
 
Dubai has a number of free zones, of which the most important are the Jebel Ali Free Zone, the Dubai 
Technology and Media Free Zone, the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Dubai Airport Free Zone.  
In addition, a number of sector-specific free zones for services and industry have been established, including 
Dubai Creative Clusters, Dubai Gold and Diamond Park, Dubai Healthcare City, Dubai Outsource Zone and 
Dubai Textile City. 
The Government’s Support of Strategic Government-Related Entities 
The Government owns, or has significant investments in, strategic Government-related entities (“GREs”) which 
have played a significant role in supporting and facilitating the Government of Dubai’s strategic development 
plan.  Certain GREs have incurred indebtedness, including indebtedness from international financial institutions 
and in the international capital markets.  As a result of the global financial crisis, sharp falls in international oil 
and gas prices, financial sector instability, limited access to credit and the significant decline in real estate values, 
both globally and in the Emirate of Dubai and the UAE, certain GREs have suffered from asset value 
deterioration, limited cash flow and have also experienced liquidity issues.  Whilst not legally obliged to do so 
(under any guarantee or otherwise), the Government of Dubai announced its intention to support certain entities 
in order to maintain stability in the UAE economy, the banking system and investor confidence and to protect 
stakeholders. 
Expo 2020 
Dubai will host the World Expo in 2020.  Hosting Expo 2020 is anticipated to provide a boost to medium-term 
growth and to help promote one of the Government of Dubai’s broader economic strategies of growing its 
tourism and hospitality sector over the next few years. 
The official impact assessment report indicates that nearly U.S.$24 billion (AED 88 billion) could be added to 
Dubai’s economy over 2014-2021.  Using official Government spending estimates, Expo 2020 is expected to 
add 0.5 per cent. per year to real GDP growth during the period from 2015-2017, rising to 1.0 per cent. per year 
over 2018-2020.  Amongst other things, Expo 2020 is intended to help maintain Dubai’s growth momentum by 
providing a firm timetable for infrastructure delivery and a platform to market Dubai as a regional tourism, trade 
and business hub in the mid- to long-term. 
Dubai World Restructuring 
In 2015, Dubai World announced that it had reached a formal agreement with all of its creditor banks on its 
proposal to amend and extend the terms of its outstanding debt totalling U.S.$14.6 billion. 
The plan included early repayment of the 2015 tranche (which was repaid on 31 March 2015), the extension of 
2018 maturities to 2022, enhanced economics through increased pricing, the introduction of amortisation 
targets, and the provision of additional collateral. 
Refinancing of U.S.$20 Billion Debt 
In 2009, the Government of Dubai was granted certain facilities amounting to U.S.$20 billion by the Abu Dhabi 
Department of Finance and the UAE Central Bank.  In March 2014, the Abu Dhabi Department of Finance and 
the UAE Central Bank announced the signing of an agreement between the Government of Abu Dhabi and the 
Government of Dubai for the refinancing of a U.S.$10 billion loan, and the UAE Central Bank also signed an 
agreement for the re-discounting of bonds with a value of U.S.$10 billion, issued by the Government of Dubai.  
In both cases, the renewable tenure was set for five years, with a fixed interest rate of 1 per cent. for the entire 
tenure.

--- Page 169 ---
155 
 
 
 
 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SECTOR AND REGULATIONS 
As Dubai does not have a separate monetary or financial system, this section describes the UAE’s monetary and 
financial system generally, although certain sections focus specifically on Dubai where information is available. 
Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy 
The UAE’s monetary and exchange rate policy is managed by the UAE Central Bank.  The principal objective 
of the UAE’s monetary policy to date has been to maintain the stability of the fixed exchange rate regime and 
to manage inflation.  In common with most other GCC countries, and reflecting the fact that oil and gas revenues 
are priced in U.S. dollars, the UAE dirham is linked to the U.S. dollar and the UAE authorities have expressed 
publicly their commitment to the UAE dirham and the fixed exchange rate regime.  In the case of the UAE, the 
exchange rate has been maintained at AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00 since 22 November 1980.  There are no 
exchange controls in the UAE and the UAE dirham is freely convertible. 
Liquidity and Money Supply 
The following table sets out certain liquidity indicators for the UAE as at 31 December in each of the years 
2014 to 2018: 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021(6) 
(in billions of AED) 
 
Currency issued (M0) ......................  
77.6 
85.4 
85.8 
93.7 
110.7 
111 
Money supply (M1)(2) ......................  
474.1 
492.4 
485.6 
515.0 
568.0 
642.3 
Money supply (M2)(3) ......................  
1,225.5 
1,276.2 
1,308.4 
1,413.1 
1,468.7 
1,487.5 
Money supply (M3)(4) ......................  
1,411.4 
1,487.1 
1,602.3 
1,717.4 
1,805.7 
1,766.4 
Bank credit (domestic)(5) .................  
1,433.3 
1,452.7 
1,509 
1,592.6 
1,596.8 
1,589.6 
of which:  Credit to private sector ....  
1,054.5 
1,105.0 
1,150.0 
1,150.0 
1,124.9 
1,121.9 
_________ 
Source:  UAE Central Bank 
Notes: 
(1) Preliminary figures. 
(2) Consists of currency in circulation outside banks plus monetary deposits in local currency with banks (all short-term deposits on 
which bank customers can withdraw without prior notice). 
(3) Consists of Money Supply (M1) plus quasi-monetary deposits (Resident Time and Savings Deposits in Dirham + Resident Deposits 
in foreign currencies). 
(4) Consists of Money Supply (M2) plus Government deposits. 
(5) Includes lending to residents, non-banking financial institutions, trade bills discounted and loans and advances for the Government 
and public sector and private sector (corporates and individuals) in local and foreign currency. 
(6) As at 31 March 2021 
Foreign Reserves 
The following table sets out the foreign assets holdings of the UAE Central Bank as at 31 December in each of 
the years 2015 to 2020: 
 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020(1) 
 
(in billions of AED) 
 
 
Foreign Assets Holdings ........... 
345.1 
313.6 
350.3 
365.4 
397.9 
391.9 
_________ 
Source:  UAE Central Bank Annual Report 2018, 2019 and 2020 
Notes: 
(1)  Preliminary figures 
These assets principally comprise held-to-maturity foreign securities and current account balances and deposits 
with banks abroad.  In addition, the ruling families of the various Emirates as well as the governments of the 
Emirates and private citizens within the Emirates have significant sums invested abroad.

--- Page 170 ---
156 
 
 
 
 
Banking and Financial Services 
The financial and insurance activities sector in Dubai contributed 6.9 per cent. of Dubai’s GDP at constant 
prices in 2018 (according to preliminary estimates by the Dubai Statistics Centre).  Within the UAE as a whole, 
the financial sector was estimated to have contributed approximately 8.6 per cent. of nominal GDP in 2017 
(according to the UAE Ministry of Economy Annual Economic Report 2018). 
With 58 commercial banks (comprising 21 local banks, 37 foreign banks and 10 wholesale banks as at 31 
December 2020. The need for operating efficiency and cost effectiveness has driven digitisation, in which the 
number of bank branches decreased from 656 at the end of 2019 to 541 at the end of 2020 (source:  UAE Central 
Bank), serving a population estimated to be in the region of 9.9 million in mid-2020 (source:  Statistical 
Yearbook 2020 edition, United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Statistics Division), the 
UAE could be viewed as an over-banked market, even by regional standards.  However, on 3 July 2016, it was 
announced that the board of directors of National Bank of Abu Dhabi. P.J.S.C. (“NBAD”) and First Gulf Bank 
P.J.S.C. (“FGB”) had voted unanimously to recommend to their respective shareholders a merger of the two 
Abu Dhabi-listed banks, which would create the largest bank in the Middle East and North Africa region by 
assets.  The merger of NBAD and FGB was formally consummated on 30 March 2017 to create First Abu Dhabi 
Bank and it is anticipated that it may act as a catalyst for further consolidation amongst locally incorporated 
banks. 
The UAE’s membership of the World Trade Organisation will likely require greater economic liberalisation, 
but it is unclear to what extent this will encourage foreign banks to further expand their presence in the market.  
In the long-term, however, it is likely to lead to increased competition, which should spur consolidation, both 
within the UAE and across the region generally. 
The table below provides a statistical analysis of the UAE banking sector as at 31 December in each of the 
years 2017 to 2021: 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021(1) 
Total number of commercial banks ....................  
61 
60 
59 
58 
58 
Total number of branches ...................................  
853 
823 
735 
614 
607 
Total number of employees(2) .............................  
34,675 
36,629 
35,518 
33,444 
33,037 
Bank credit (domestic) (AED billions)(3) ............  
1,452.7 
1,509.4 
1,592.6 
1,596.8 
1589.6 
Total assets (AED billions) .................................  
2,693.8 
2,868.5 
3,082.9 
3,188.0 
3,175.9 
Total deposits(4) (AED billions) ..........................  
1,627.3 
1,755.6 
1,870.2 
1,884.5 
1,881.3 
_________ 
Source:  Statistical Bulletin (March 2021), UAE Central Bank. 
Notes: 
(1) Preliminary figures as at 31 March 2021. 
(2) Excluding auxiliary staff. 
(3) Includes lending to residents, non-banking financial institutions, trade bills discounted and loans and advances for the Government 
and public sector and private sector (corporates and individuals) in local and foreign currency. 
(4) Excluding inter-bank deposits. 
Principal Banks in the UAE 
The table below provides summary information for each of the four principal banks by asset size established in 
the UAE: 
 
Number  
of Branches 
Year  
Established 
Government 
ownership 
Assets(1) 
 
 
 
(%) 
(AED billions) 
Emirates NBD Bank P.J.S.C ..............................  
222 
2007(2) 
55.8 
500.3 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. ...........................  
103 
2017(3) 
37.2 
744.1 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank P.J.S.C. ...............  
51 
1985 
62.52 
279.8 
Dubai Islamic Bank P.J.S.C. ..............................  
91 
1975 
28.30 
223.7 
_________ 
Source:  UAE Central Bank and published financial statements. 
Notes: 
(1) As at 31 December 2018.

--- Page 171 ---
157 
 
 
 
 
(2) Year of merger of EBI and NBD. 
(3) Year of merger of NBAD and FGB. 
Supervision of Banks 
The UAE Central Bank, established in 1980, is the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks 
operating in the UAE.  The UAE Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for all banking institutions in the 
UAE.  Supervision is carried out through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from the banks.  
The frequency of inspection depends on the perceived risk of the bank, but inspections are carried out in all 
banks at least once every 18 months.  Returns are made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually, 
depending on the nature of the information they are required to contain.  An improved risk management 
framework is currently being implemented, which is designed to provide the UAE Central Bank with more 
up-to-date information on credit, market and operational risks within the banking sector. 
Historically, the UAE Central Bank has not acted as a lender of last resort, a role which has tended to fall on the 
individual Emirates.  However, the introduction by the UAE Central Bank in 2014 of the Interim Marginal 
Lending Facility (the “IMLF”) is expected to enable non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain rated or UAE federal 
government entity issued assets as collateral to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight in order to help 
their liquidity management (see further “– Recent Trends in Banking – Liquidity”). 
The 2018 Federal Law grants the UAE Central Bank powers to: 
• 
draw up and implement monetary policy; 
• 
exercise currency issuance; 
• 
organise licensed financial activities, establish the foundations for carrying them on, and determine the 
standards required for developing and promoting prudential practices in accordance with the provisions 
of the 2018 Federal Law and international standards; 
• 
set up appropriate regulations and standards for protection of customers of licensed financial 
institutions; 
• 
monitor the credit condition in the UAE, in order to contribute to the achievement of balanced growth 
in the national economy; 
• 
manage foreign reserves to maintain, at all times, sufficient foreign currency assets to cover the 
monetary base as per the provisions of the 2018 Federal Law; and 
• 
regulate, develop, oversee and maintain soundness of the financial infrastructure systems in the UAE 
exercise currency issue, stabilisation, valuation and free convertibility. 
The UAE Central Bank is also responsible for regulating anti-money laundering activities in the UAE.  It has 
established a Financial Intelligence Unit and hosted teams from the Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) and 
the IMF which reviewed, discussed and tested existing UAE laws and regulations.  This led the FATF to decide, 
in January 2002, that the UAE had put in place an adequate anti-money laundering system. 
Although the UAE Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment companies 
and other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all banking and 
financial services activities in the DIFC.  Similarly, in the Abu Dhabi Global Market in Abu Dhabi (“ADGM”), 
the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority regulates activity in the financial services sector. 
Since 1999, regulated banks in the UAE have been required to report in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

--- Page 172 ---
158 
 
 
 
 
Characteristics of the Banking System 
The UAE banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market.  With much of the economy directly or 
indirectly dependent on the oil sector, the UAE banks are vulnerable during long periods of low oil prices.  In 
particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of liquidity.  There is a high degree of state involvement in the UAE 
banking sector, with the five largest banks having some degree of ownership by the governments and/or ruling 
families of individual Emirates. 
Additionally, a number of banks have developed in the Islamic world, including in the UAE, to serve customers 
who wish to observe Shari’a principles, including the prohibition on the charging of interest on any financial 
transaction.  These institutions offer a range of products, which broadly correspond to conventional banking 
transactions but are structured to ensure that all relevant Shari’a principles are complied with.  The principal 
Dubai-based Islamic banks are Emirates Islamic Bank and Dubai Islamic Bank, which acquired Noor Islamic 
Bank in January 2020. 
Recent Trends in Banking 
Capital Adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy ratios.  
Basel II was introduced effective 17 November 2009 by way of UAE Central Bank Circular Number 27/2009.  
Since 1993, the UAE Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all UAE banks.  
In a circular dated 30 August 2009, the UAE Central Bank announced amendments to its capital adequacy 
requirements, such that UAE banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio of at least 11 per cent., 
with a Tier I ratio of not less than 7 per cent., by 30 September 2009.  Furthermore, the UAE Central Bank 
required banks operating in the UAE to increase their Tier I capital adequacy ratio to at least 8 per cent., with a 
minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per cent., by 30 June 2010.  Thereafter, through its circular 
dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the UAE Central Bank stated that it was expected that the main 
banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based approach under Basel II in due course.  
Through this circular, the UAE Central Bank reiterated that all banks operating in the UAE were required to 
maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all times, increasing to 12 per cent. by 
30 June 2010 and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II and Pillar III of the Basel II framework.  
Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised gains on investments and any shortfall in 
loan loss provisions are deducted from regulatory capital. 
Whilst the calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements 
guidelines, claims on or guaranteed by GCC central governments and central banks are risk-weighted at 
0 per cent. and claims on GCC government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted at 
50 per cent. 
The Basel Committee has put forward a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks.  On 16 December 2010 and 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee issued the Basel 
III Reforms, constituting guidance on the eligibility criteria for Tier I and Tier II capital instruments as part of 
a package of new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish 
minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions.  The implementation of the Basel III reforms began on 
1 January 2013.  However, the requirements are subject to a series of transitional arrangements and will be 
phased in over a period of time.  The Basel Committee’s press release dated 13 January 2011 entitled “Minimum

--- Page 173 ---
159 
 
 
 
 
requirements to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability” (the “January 2011 Press Release”) 
included an additional Basel III requirement (the “Non-Viability Requirement”) as follows: 
“The terms and conditions of all non-common Tier I and Tier II instruments issued by an internationally active 
bank must have a provision that requires such instruments, at the option of the relevant authority, to either be 
written off or converted into common equity upon the occurrence of the trigger event unless: 
(a) 
the governing jurisdiction of the bank has in place laws that: 
(i) 
require such Tier I and Tier II instruments to be written off upon such event; or 
(ii) 
otherwise require such instruments to fully absorb losses before tax payers are exposed to loss; 
(b) 
a peer group review confirms that the jurisdiction conforms with clause (a); and 
(c) 
it is disclosed by the relevant regulator and by the issuing bank, in issuance documents going forward, 
that such instruments are subject to loss under clause (a). 
The trigger event is the earlier of: (1) a decision that a write-off, without which the firm would become non-
viable, is necessary, as determined by the relevant authority; and (2) the decision to make a public sector 
injection of capital, or equivalent support, without which the firm would have become non-viable, as determined 
by the relevant authority.” 
The January 2011 Press Release states that instruments issued after 1 January 2013 must meet the Non-Viability 
Requirement in order to be recognised as Tier I or Tier II instruments for regulatory capital purposes.  The 
recognition of instruments issued before 1 January 2013 which do not meet these requirements will be phased 
out from 1 January 2013. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UAE has not implemented a law that would require loss absorbency 
for bank capital instruments on the occurrence of a Non-Viability Event.  While the February 2017 Regulations 
and the Accompanying Standards confirm that the Non-Viability Requirement is a prerequisite for any capital 
instruments issued by UAE banks to achieve Regulatory Capital classification from the Central Bank, the Non-
Viability Requirement must be provided for contractually in the absence of a statutory loss absorption 
framework in the UAE as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  See “Risk Factors – Factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme – Risks related 
to the structure of a particular issue of Notes – Changes to the Basel regulatory framework as implemented in 
the UAE may have an effect on the Subordinated Notes”. 
On 23 February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the February 2017 Regulations in the Official Gazette 
issue 612, which are effective from 1 February 2017.  The February 2017 Regulations are intended to ensure 
that the capital adequacy of all banks operating in the UAE is in line with the Basel III requirements, whilst 
implementing the measures contained in the Consultation Document.  The February 2017 Regulations are 
supported by the Accompanying Standards The Accompanying Standards elaborate on the supervisory 
expectations of the UAE Central Bank with respect to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements. and 
how they will be applied by the UAE Central Bank to banks in the UAE. 
Banks must comply with the following minimum requirements, at all times: 
• 
common equity Tier 1 capital must be at least 7.0 per cent. of risk weighted assets (“RWAs”); 
• 
Tier 1 capital must be at least 8.5 per cent. of RWAs; and 
• 
total capital, calculated as the sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital, must be at least 10.5 per cent. of 
RWAs. 
In addition, they must hold further common equity Tier 1 capital of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs as a capital 
conservation buffer.  Banks which are classified as “Domestic Systematically Important Banks” (and informed

--- Page 174 ---
160 
 
 
 
 
as such by the UAE Central Bank) will be required to hold additional capital buffers as notified to it by the UAE 
Central Bank.  In addition, a bank may also be subject to additional capital add-on requirements following a 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation process. 
The UAE Central Bank has proposed a minimum CAR of 13 per cent., a Tier 1 ratio of 11.5 per cent. and a 
CET1 ratio of 10 per cent. by 2019, including the capital conservation buffer.  In addition, the UAE Central 
Bank may stipulate a counter-cyclical buffer varying from 0 to 2.5 per cent. 
The minimum leverage ratio required is 3 per cent, in line with Basel III requirements. 
The UAE Central Bank’s Standard Re Tier Capital Instruments dated 29 March 2018 (the TCI Standard) 
requires that a periodic distribution on an additional tier 1 instrument should be cancelled if the relevant UAE 
bank does not have sufficient “Distributable Items” on the relevant date for payment of (i) such periodic 
distribution and (ii) certain other payment obligations. 
Liquidity 
The UAE Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system.  It also requires that banks 
have in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as contingency funding 
plans to cope with periods of liquidity stress. 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank.  In 
this context, loans comprise loans and advances to customers and interbank assets maturing after three months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand or time-based customer deposits made by private individuals 
or private sector companies.  According to data made available by the UAE Central Bank, together, these 
deposits constituted approximately 59.6 per cent. of total deposits of the UAE banking sector as at 
31 December 2018.  The UAE federal government and the public sector constituted approximately 28.2 per 
cent. of total deposits within the UAE banking sector as at 31 December 2018.  Non-resident and other sources 
contributed approximately 12.2 per cent. as at the same date (source:  UAE Central Bank). 
In response to the global 2008 financial crisis, the UAE Central Bank announced a number of measures aimed 
at ensuring that adequate liquidity is available to banks operating in the UAE.  In September 2008, the UAE 
Central Bank established an AED 50.0 billion liquidity facility which banks can draw upon subject to posting 
eligible debt securities as collateral.  The liquidity facility is available only for the purpose of funding existing 
commitments.  New lending is required to be based on growth in the customer deposit base.  The UAE Central 
Bank also established a certificates of deposit (“CD”) repurchase facility under which banks can use CDs as 
collateral for dirham or U.S. dollar funding from the UAE Central Bank.  Further, banks can access funds 
through the IMLF. 
In addition to these measures, the UAE federal government also provided AED 50.0 billion in deposits to UAE 
banks (as part of a larger AED 70.0 billion package) which, at the option of the banks, can be converted into 
Tier II capital in order to enhance capital adequacy ratios.  A number of banks in the UAE exercised this option 
and converted the UAE federal government deposits made with them into Tier II capital. 
In line with Basel III requirements, the UAE Central Bank has issued UAE Central Bank Notice No. 33/2015 
on liquidity requirements (which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 May 2015 and which entered into 
force with effect from 1 July 2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 30/2012) (the “Liquidity Notice”) which 
includes a set of qualitative and quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE banks.  The qualitative 
requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice elaborate on the responsibilities of a UAE bank’s board of directors 
and senior management as well as the overall liquidity risk framework.  The new regulations are intended to 
ensure that liquidity risks are well managed at banks operating in the UAE and are in line with the Basel 
Committee’s recommendations and international best practices.  These requirements include the following: 
Responsibilities of the board of directors: 
• 
to bear ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management within the relevant UAE bank;

--- Page 175 ---
161 
 
 
 
 
• 
to be familiar with liquidity risk management with at least one board member having a detailed 
understanding of liquidity risk management; and 
• 
to ensure the clear articulation of liquidity risk tolerance in line with the relevant UAE bank’s objectives, 
strategy and risk appetite. 
Responsibilities of senior management: 
• 
to develop strategies, policies and practices to manage liquidity risk in accordance with the liquidity 
risk tolerance set by the board of directors; 
• 
to review the UAE bank’s strategy and to report to the board of directors on regulatory compliance on 
a regular basis; and 
• 
to manage liquidity risk in a prudent manner using all available liquidity risk management tools. 
Liquidity risk framework: 
The Liquidity Notice requires each UAE bank to have a robust liquidity risk framework which comprises the 
following elements: 
• 
sound processes and systems to identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risk in a timely and 
accurate manner; 
• 
a robust liquidity risk management framework (which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank upon 
request) with limits, warning indicators, communication and escalation procedures; 
• 
regular internal stress testing of the portfolio for a variety of scenarios (both institution-specific and 
market-wide); results being communicated to the board of directors and the UAE Central Bank on 
request; 
• 
incorporation of liquidity costs, benefits and risks into product pricing and approval processes; 
• 
establishment of a forward-looking funding strategy with effective diversification of funding sources 
and tenors; 
• 
setting of formal contingency funding plans which clearly set out strategies for addressing liquidity 
shortfalls in emergency situations (and which must be shared with the UAE Central Bank upon request); 
• 
establishment of an adequate cushion of unencumbered, highly liquid assets as insurance against a range 
of liquidity stress scenarios; and 
• 
a transfer pricing framework (which is commensurate with the bank’s liquidity risk tolerance and 
complexity) developed to reflect the actual cost of funding. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank holds 
a minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in circumstances both 
specific to that bank and market wide).  In particular, the requirements include two interim ratios which are 
intended to apply until the Basel III LCR and NSFR (each as defined in the table below) come into effect.  These 
include the following: 
 
Ratio 
Applicability Period 
Interim ratios: .........  
Liquid Asset Ratio (LAR > = 10%) 
1 January 2013 – 30 June 2015 
 
Eligible Liquid Assets Ratio (ELAR > = 10%) 
1 July 2015 until LCR implementation 
 
Advances to Stable Resources Ratio (ASRR < 100%) 
30 September 1986 until NSFR implementation 
Basel III ratios: .......  
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR > 100%) 
January 2019 onwards 
 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR < 100%) 
January 2018 onwards

--- Page 176 ---
162 
 
 
 
 
The LAR was an interim ratio designed to apply until the LCR comes into effect (as described below).  
Following the entering into force of the Liquidity Notice on 1 July 2015, the LAR was replaced with the ELAR.  
Under the ELAR, UAE banks are required to hold an amount equivalent to at least 10 per cent. of their liabilities 
in high-quality liquid assets (including cash held with the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Central Bank CDs and 
certain UAE local government and public sector entity publicly traded instruments). 
The Liquidity Notice also includes the option for UAE banks to apply to the UAE Central Bank to move to 
assessment of bank liquidity as against the LCR, in addition to the ELAR, with effect from 1 January 2016.  
Any UAE banks taking up this option were required to comply only with the ELAR until 1 January 2016, after 
which date they are required to move to a dual-compliance regime as to liquidity as against the ELAR and the 
LCR (subject to receipt of UAE Central Bank approval). 
The LCR represents a 30-day stress scenario with combined assumptions covering both bank-specific and 
market-wide stresses.  These assumptions are applied to contractual data representing the main liquidity risk 
drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30-day stress scenario.  The LCR requires that UAE 
banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with high quality liquid assets at the minimum LCR 
determined by the UAE Central Bank.  As part of the Central Bank’s gradual implementation of the Basel III 
Reforms in the UAE, the UAE Central Bank has introduced LCR in a phased manner, setting an initial 
benchmark of 60 per cent. upon commencement of LCR compliance, increasing to 100 per cent. by 2019.  This 
graduated approach was designed to ensure that the LCR could be introduced without disruption to the orderly 
strengthening of banking systems or the ongoing financing of economic activity in the UAE. 
The ASRR is an interim ratio that recognises both the actual uses as well as the likely uses of funds in terms of 
contractual maturity and behavioural profile of the sources of funds available to the bank, in order to ensure that 
there are limited maturity mismatches and cliff effects. 
NSFR is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate stable funding to fund the assets on their 
balance sheets.  It also requires an amount of stable funding to cover a portion of the relevant UAE bank’s 
contingent liabilities.  The NSFR mirrors the Basel III NSFR standard.  The NSFR identifies the key uses of 
funds and the different types of funding sources used by the UAE banks.  It assigns available stable funding 
(“ASF”) factors to the sources of funds and required stable funding (“RSF”) (usage) factors to asset classes and 
off balance sheet contingent exposures.  The assigned ASF factor depends on the terms of funding and the 
perceived stability of the funding sources.  The assigned ASF factor will depend on the liquidity of the asset 
being funded under a market-wide stress.  Both factors will follow the Basel III NSFR standards. 
Provisions for Loan Losses 
Pursuant to Circular 28/2010 concerning regulations for classification of loans and their provisions issued by 
the UAE Central Bank on 11 November 2010, non-performing credits should be classified as either substandard, 
doubtful or loss, depending on the likelihood of recovery, with provisions charged at a minimum of 25 per cent., 
50 per cent. and 100 per cent. on the relevant amount (net of any eligible credit protection), respectively.  Any 
retail and consumer loans with either interest or principal in arrear by more than 90 days must be placed on a 
non-accrual basis and classified as non-performing.  In addition, all banks in the UAE are required to make 
general provisions for unclassified loans and advances equal to 1.5 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets by 
2014.  In practice, several banks operate more stringent policies and place loans on a non-accrual basis as soon 
as their recovery is in doubt. 
Banks in the UAE generally do not write off non-performing loans from their books until all legal avenues of 
recovery have been exhausted.  This factor tends to inflate the level of impaired loans and/or financings carried 
on the balance sheets of UAE banks when compared to banks operating in other economies.

--- Page 177 ---
163 
 
 
 
 
Large Exposures 
The UAE Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash 
collaterals and deposits under lien) to a single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeding prescribed 
limits.  The large exposure limits (defined as a percentage of the bank’s capital base) were previously as follows: 
• 
to a single borrower or group of borrowers – 7 per cent.; 
• 
to a shareholder of the bank holding more than 5 per cent. of the bank’s capital – 7 per cent.; 
• 
overseas interbank exposures – 30 per cent. (UAE interbank exposures are subject to a 25 per cent. limit 
if their maturity is over one year, otherwise they are exempt from the regulations); 
• 
to the bank’s parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates – 20 per cent. (60 per cent. for all such exposures 
in aggregate); and 
• 
to Board members – 5 per cent. (25 per cent. for all such exposures in aggregate). 
On 11 November 2013, the UAE Central Bank published a notice amending certain of the large exposure limits 
set out above (the “Large Exposure Notice”) amending certain of the large exposure limits set out above.  The 
Large Exposure Notice was published in the Official Gazette on 30 December 2013 and entered into force on 
30 January 2014.  The Large Exposure Notice introduced new limits of 100 per cent. of the bank’s capital base 
for all lending to UAE local governments and their non-commercial entities, together with a 25 per cent. limit 
to any single such non-commercial entity.  Exposures above these limits are subject to approval by the UAE 
Central Bank.  Set out below is a table showing a summary of the changes introduced by the Large Exposure 
Notice (defined as a percentage of the bank’s capital base calculated under Basel standards): 
 
New Limit 
Old Limit 
 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Individual 
Aggregate 
UAE federal government and its non-
commercial entities ....................................  
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
UAE local government and its non-
commercial entities ....................................  
No cap for UAE 
local 
government; 
25% for each 
non-commercial 
entity 
100% 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Commercial entities of UAE federal 
government and UAE local government ....  
25% 
100% 
25% 
None 
Commercial or other (non-commercial) 
private sector entities and individuals ........  
25% max 
None 
7% 
None 
Shareholders who own 5 per cent. or more of 
the bank’s capital and related entities ........  
20% 
50% 
7% 
None 
Exposure to bank’s subsidiaries and affiliates .  
10% 
25% 
20% 
60% 
Board members ...............................................  
5% 
25% 
5% 
25% 
Mortgage Cap Regulation and Consumer Loan Regulation 
The UAE Central Bank introduced regulations regarding bank loans and other services offered to individual 
customers by way of a circular dated 23 February 2011 the (“Retail Circular”) on retail banking and notice 
no. 31/2013 dated 28 October 2013 (which was published in the UAE official gazette (the “Official Gazette”) 
on 28 November 2013 and entered into force on 28 December 2013) (the “Mortgage Regulations”).  These 
regulations, amongst other things, limit the fees and interest rates which banks in the UAE can charge to retail 
customers and impose maximum loan/income and loan to value ratios for retail products such as residential 
mortgage loans.  For example, the Retail Circular requires that the amount of any personal consumer loan shall 
not exceed 20 times the salary or total income of the borrower with the repayment period not exceeding 
48 months.

--- Page 178 ---
164 
 
 
 
 
The Mortgage Regulations, which supersede UAE Central Bank notice no. 3871/2012 dated 30 December 2012, 
provide that the amount of mortgage loans for non-nationals should not exceed 75 per cent. of the property value 
for a first purchase of a home with a value of less than AED 5 million and, for a first purchase of a home with 
a value greater than AED 5 million, should not exceed 65 per cent. of the property value.  For the purchase of a 
second or subsequent home, the limit for non-nationals is set at 60 per cent. of the property value (irrespective 
of the value of the property in question).  The corresponding limits for UAE nationals are set at 80 per cent. in 
respect of a first purchase of a home with a value less than or equal to AED 5 million, 70 per cent. for a first 
home with a value greater than AED 5 million and 65 per cent. of the property value for a second or subsequent 
purchase (irrespective of the value of the property).  CBD is compliant with the Retail Circular and the Mortgage 
Regulations.  The Mortgage Regulations and other circulars may affect CBD’s net retail income and may 
potentially add to market price volatility in the UAE real estate market. 
Reserve Requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the UAE Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control 
credit expansion.  The reserve requirements are 1 per cent. for term deposits and 14 per cent. for all other 
customer balances. 
Position of Depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE.  While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, 
during the 1980s and early 1990s a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities.  In 
October 2008, in response to the global financial crisis, the UAE federal government announced that it intended 
to guarantee the deposits of all UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE.  Following 
therefrom, in May 2009 the UAE’s National Federal Council approved a draft law guaranteeing federal deposits.  
However, until such time as the law is passed, there is no guaranteed government support. 
Credit Information Agency 
In May 2010, the Government of Dubai appointed the Emirates Credit Information Company (“Emcredit”) as 
the official body for providing credit information services in Dubai.  Emcredit is now the entity responsible for 
providing credit reporting services in the Emirate, with responsibility for collecting, storing, analysing and 
disseminating credit information in Dubai.  Additionally, in February 2011, the UAE Central Bank issued new 
regulations in relation to the retail banking sector, aimed at controlling lending activities and excessive charges 
by banks, whilst also protecting banks by regulating lending and encouraging banks to carry out proper due 
diligence on potential borrowers. 
Establishment of a Credit Bureau in the UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau (“AECB”) is a federal government company specialised in providing UAE- based 
credit reports and other financial information.  AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal 
approval from the Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports.  AECB has approached 
all UAE-based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit information, 
with the majority having entered into such agreements and/or made successful initial data submissions to AECB 
by the time AECB commenced operations.  CBD continues to submit its retail customer data to the AECB on a 
monthly basis, which meets the data accuracy thresholds laid down by the AECB. 
UAE Bankruptcy Law 
In September 2016, Federal Decree No. 9 of 2016 concerning Bankruptcy (the “UAE Bankruptcy Law”), was 
issued to implement new measures containing provisions to safeguard the rights of creditors and debtors.  The 
UAE Bankruptcy Law applies to: (i) corporate and commercial entities; (ii) companies that are wholly or partly 
owned by the federal or local government; (iii) corporate and commercial entities operating in free zones that 
are not subject to provisions set out the procedures of composition of bankruptcy or the restructure or bankruptcy 
in such free zones in compliance with the provisions of Federal Law No. of 2004 on financial free zones; (iv) 
persons acting in the capacity of a trader; and (v) licensed civil companies.  The UAE Bankruptcy Law

--- Page 179 ---
165 
 
 
 
 
establishes a permanent committee named the “Committee of Financial Reorganisation”, which shall supervise 
the management of procedures of financial reorganisation for financial institutions licensed by the relevant 
regulators, and to facilitate mutual agreement between debtors and creditors with the assistance of one or more 
experts appointed by such committee.  The UAE Bankruptcy Law also sets out the procedures of bankruptcy 
aimed at assisting a debtor to reach reconciliation with his creditors pursuant to a plan of bankruptcy under the 
supervision of a court and assistance of a justice of the peace appointed in accordance with the provisions of the 
UAE Bankruptcy Law.  As the UAE Bankruptcy Law has only recently come into effect (on 
29 December 2016), it is not yet clear how the new law and the procedures which it introduces will operate in 
practice. 
Federal Debt Management 
Federal Law No (9) of 2018 (“Law No (9)”), Regarding Public Debt provides that the outstanding public debt 
of the UAE shall not, at any time, exceed the amount determined by the cabinet, at a maximum of 250 per cent. 
of the Government Own-Stable Revenues (as defined in Law No (9)). 
Insurance 
There is an absence of published statistical data on the insurance sector in the UAE and Dubai.  Insurance 
companies are regulated by the Insurance Division of the Federal Ministry of Economy. 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets in the UAE are regulated by a number of entities, including the Emirates Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the “SCA”), which licenses intermediaries to trade on the DFM and the ADX.  The 
SCA is a federal government organisation but has financial, legal and administrative independence. 
The other significant stock exchange in the UAE is Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International 
Financial Exchange) which commenced operations in September 2005 and, as an entity based in the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, is separately regulated. 
Dubai Financial Market 
The DFM, which is now, along with Nasdaq Dubai, owned by Borse Dubai, was established by the Government 
of Dubai in 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for the listing and trading of shares, bonds 
and investment units issued by companies, investment funds and other local or foreign financial institutions that 
conform to its listing requirements. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares, and the number of executed 
transactions on the DFM and the closing price of the DFM Index as at 31 December in each of the years 2014 
to 2018: 
 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Number of traded shares (billions) .....................  
98.2 
106.5 
82.5 
- 
Value of traded shares (AED billions) ................  
151.4 
133.7 
115.1 
- 
Number of trades (millions)................................  
1.6 
1.3 
1.1 
-(1) 
Market capitalisation (AED billions) ..................  
308.1 
337.7 
394.0 
370.1 
DFM Index year-end index closing price ...........  
3,151.00 
3,530.88 
3370.07 
2,529.75 
_________ 
Source:  Dubai Statistics Centre, DFM. 
Notes: (1) No published information available as at the date of this Base Prospectus. https://www.nasdaqdubai.com/trading-report/trading-
report-jan-2019  
Nasdaq Dubai 
Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange or DIFX) commenced operations 
in September 2005.  On 22 December 2009, DFM announced that it had made an offer to Borse Dubai Limited 
and the NASDAQ OMX Group to acquire Nasdaq Dubai.  The offer was valued at U.S.$121 million and

--- Page 180 ---
166 
 
 
 
 
comprised U.S.$102 million in cash and 40 million DFM shares.  The merger was approved by Borse Dubai 
Limited and the OMX Group and was completed on 11 July 2010.  Subsequent to the transaction, both Nasdaq 
Dubai and DFM are operating as two distinct markets that are subject to different regulatory frameworks.  
Nasdaq Dubai is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and the DFM is regulated by the SCA. 
The DFM was upgraded to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index with effect from 1 June 2014 which has led to 
an increase in interest and investment from international institutional investors in Dubai. 
Nasdaq Dubai’s standards are comparable to those of leading international exchanges New York, London and 
Hong Kong.  Nasdaq Dubai allows regional and international issuer’s access to regional and international 
investors through primary or dual listings.  Investors can access Nasdaq Dubai through a unique mix of regional 
and international brokers. 
Nasdaq Dubai currently lists equities, equity derivatives, Dubai gold securities, structured products, sukuk and 
conventional bonds.  Nasdaq Dubai listed 11 sukuk with a total nominal value of U.S.$10.25 billion listed during 
2017, maintaining its position as one of the world’s largest exchanges for sukuk. 
Equity listings on Nasdaq Dubai include DP World Limited, which had the Middle East’s largest IPO in 2007 
at U.S.$5.0 billion, as well as Depa Limited and Orascom Construction Limited. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares and the number of executed 
transactions on Nasdaq Dubai, the market capitalisation of Nasdaq Dubai and the closing price as at 
31 December of the FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 Index (which tracks 20 liquid stocks listed on the DFM, the 
Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and Nasdaq Dubai) in each of the years 2014 to 2018: 
 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Trading volume (millions) ..................................  
218.6 
138.2 
273.2 
164.0 
Trading value (AED millions) ............................  
5,019.9 
4,563.7 
4,883.7 
4,234.4 
Number of transactions ......................................  
30,637 
22,913 
29,518 
29,057.0 
Market capitalisation (AED millions) .................  
67,568.5 
58,118.1 
82,821.9 
44,500.0 
FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 year-end closing 
price. ...............................................................  
3,063.35 
3,293.85(1) 
3,288.69 
3074.32 
_________ 
Source:  Dubai Statistics Centre, Nasdaq Dubai. 
Notes: 
(1) As at 28 December 2017.

--- Page 181 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Notes issued under the 
Programme.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Notes and receiving payments under the Notes.  This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date 
of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Cayman Islands 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes.  
The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and retroactive change.  It 
is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s particular circumstances, and does not consider 
tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments on Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be subject 
to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of the 
Notes, nor will gains derived from the disposal of the Notes be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation 
tax.  The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate duty, 
inheritance or gift tax. 
The Cayman Issuer has received an undertaking from the Governor in Cabinet of the Cayman Islands, pursuant 
to the Tax Concessions Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, that for a period of 20 years from the date of 
grant of that undertaking no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, 
income, gains or appreciation shall apply to the Cayman Issuer or its operations and, in addition, that no tax to 
be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax 
shall be payable on or in respect of the shares, debentures or other obligations (which includes the Notes) of the 
Cayman Issuer or by way of the withholding in whole or part of any relevant payment as defined in the Tax 
Concessions Act (as amended).  No capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue or 
redemption of Notes.  However, an instrument transferring title to any Notes, if brought to or executed in the 
Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty.  An annual registration fee is payable by the 
Cayman Issuer to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated by reference to the nominal 
amount of its authorised capital.  At current rates, this annual registration fee is U.S.$853.66.  The foregoing is 
based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject to change therein. 
United Arab Emirates 
The following is a general summary of the current tax law and practice in Dubai and the UAE (to the extent 
applicable in Dubai) (“Dubai Law”) and does not constitute legal or tax advice.  Prospective investors in the 
Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences under the tax laws of 
the country in which they are resident, of the purchase ownership or disposition of the Notes or any interest 
therein. 
Under existing Dubai Law, although an income tax decree has been enacted in Abu Dhabi and in Dubai (the 
Abu Dhabi Income Tax Decree 1965 (as amended) and the Dubai Income Tax Decree 1969 (as amended)) 
which provides for tax to be imposed on the taxable income of all bodies corporate which carry on a trade or 
business, the regime is not currently enforced.  In practice, only companies active in the hydrocarbon industry, 
some related service industries and branches of foreign banks operating in the UAE have been required to pay 
tax.  There are currently no withholding taxes required to be levied under UAE, Abu Dhabi or Dubai law in 
respect of payments on debt securities (including in relation to the Notes).  In the event of the imposition of any 
withholding, the relevant Obligor has undertaken to gross-up any payments subject to certain limitations, as 
described in Condition 9 (Taxation).

--- Page 182 ---
168 
 
 
 
 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to raise taxes 
on a federal basis for purposes of funding its budget.  It is not known whether this right will be exercised in the 
future. 
The UAE has entered into Double Taxation Arrangements with certain other countries, but these are not 
extensive in number. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”), including 
a draft directive, for a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) to be adopted in certain participating EU Member States 
(Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia) (the 
“participating Member States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including:  (i) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State; or 
(ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  Each relevant Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of 
jurisdictions (including the U.A.E.) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal term purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA.  Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 183 ---
169 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 14 June 2021, 
agreed with the Obligors the basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Obligors have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been or will be registered under the Securities Act nor any state 
securities laws and may not be offered,  sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to the Securities Act and in accordance with any applicable securities laws.  Terms used in this 
section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act of any state of the 
United States. 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution  of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part (the “distribution compliance period”), within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in 
any directed selling efforts with respect to any Notes.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  Each purchaser of any Notes and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
1. 
it is, or at the time the Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial holder of such Notes and it has 
acquired the Notes in an offshore transaction (within the meaning of Regulation S); and 
2. 
it understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, 
prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States.

--- Page 184 ---
170 
 
 
 
 
Prohibition of Sale to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Obligors for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  (i) the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
to the Notes; and (ii) the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 185 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of  UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the 
Issuer;

--- Page 186 ---
172 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Notes or distribute 
copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), to qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB 
regulation No. 20307 of 15 February, 2018, as amended (“Regulation No. 20307”), pursuant 
to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, 
as amended (“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraph 4, of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100 of Legislative Decree of 
February 24, 1998, No. 58, as amended (the “Italian Financial Act”) and their implementing 
CONSOB regulations including Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restrictions under 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above and : 
(i) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, Regulation No. 
16190, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended (the “Banking Act”) and any 
other applicable laws or regulation; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue 
of securities in the Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and

--- Page 187 ---
173 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB or 
the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, transfer, delivery or 
resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes, 
except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”), other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a “Prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “Companies Ordinance”) or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents or which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the ) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person that is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of such trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 188 ---
174 
 
 
 
 
within six months after that corporation or that trust, as applicable, has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16:  Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any 
such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
The PRC (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the 
People’s Republic of China (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative 
Regions or Taiwan) (the “PRC”).  This Base Prospectus or any information contained or incorporated by 
reference herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the 
PRC.  This Base Prospectus, any information contained herein or the Notes have not been, and will not be, 
submitted to, approved by, verified by or registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and 
thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or 
sale of the Notes in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the 
Notes of the type being offered or sold.  Investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant governmental 
approvals, verifications, licences or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, 
including, but not limited to, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities Regulatory 
Commission, the China Banking Regulatory Commission, and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying 
with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or 
overseas investment regulations. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with 
any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.

--- Page 189 ---
175 
 
 
 
 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT Module) of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the “DFSA”) rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the “Professional Client” criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the 
Notes.  Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a “Saudi Investor”) who 
acquires Notes pursuant to any offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement under Article 9 
or Article 10 of the “Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations” as issued by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 9/4/1439H, corresponding to 27 December 2017 
as amended by the Capital Market Authority (the “CMA”) resolution number 1-104-2019 dated 
30 September 2019 (the “KSA Regulations”), as amended by the Board of the Capital Markets Authority (the 
"CMA") resolution number 1-7-2021 dated 14 January 2021 (the "Amended KSA Regulations", which 
provides that certain Articles under the KSA Regulations (including Articles 8, 9, 10 and 15 (each as referred 
to therein)) shall continue to apply until 1 January 2022, at which time such Articles shall be replaced with the 
amended Articles as set out in the Amended KSA Regulations), made through a person authorised by the CMA 
to carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the CMA under Article 10 of the 
Amended KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than 
to “sophisticated investors” under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under 
Article 10 of the KSA Regulations.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of the Notes by it to a Saudi Investor 
will be made in compliance with Articles 9 or 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market offer” 
pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 15 
of the KSA Regulations.  Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under 
Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer 
or sale is made through an authorised person appropriately licensed by the CMA and: (a) the Notes are offered 
or sold to a “Sophisticated Investor” (as defined in Article 9 of the KSA Regulations); (b) the price to be paid 
for the Notes in any one transaction is equal to or exceeds SR 1 million or an equivalent amount; or (c) the offer 
of sale is otherwise in compliance with Article 15 of the KSA Regulations. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no invitation or offer, whether directly or indirectly, to subscribe for the 
Notes has been or will be made by it to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for or purchase any Notes 
and this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes. This Base Prospectus has not been filed with or reviewed by the Cayman Islands 
Monetary Authority or any other regulatory authority in the Cayman Islands, and no such authority in the 
Cayman Islands accepts any liability for the content hereof. This Base Prospectus may not be circulated in or 
into the Cayman Islands or made available to the general public in the Cayman Islands. The Notes may not be 
transferred or sold to or purchased by any member of the general public in the Cayman Islands.

--- Page 190 ---
176 
 
 
 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented, and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agreed, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell any Notes 
except on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. 
For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more 
(excluding that person's principal place of residence); 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund). 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or 
deliver at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), 
except: (i) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment 
advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre).  This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by the Qatar 
Central Bank, the Qatar Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority and is only intended for specific recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of Malaysia under 
the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the “CMSA”).  Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, by it and no invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase the Notes has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, by it nor may any document 
or other material in connection therewith be distributed by it in Malaysia, other than to persons or in categories 
falling within Schedule 6 (or Section 229(1)(b)), Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)), and Schedule 8 (or 
Section 257(3)), read together with Schedule 9 (or Section 257(3)) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, 
regulation or official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or 
any other regulatory authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals including approval from the 
Controller of Foreign Exchange to purchase the Notes.  The onus is on the Malaysian residents concerned to 
obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers is responsible for any invitation, offer, sale or purchase 
of the Notes as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represented and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by 
it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Obligors 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 191 ---
177 
 
 
 
 
None of the Obligors or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of any Notes. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with any additional restrictions 
as the relevant Obligors and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant subscription 
agreement or dealer accession letter, as applicable.

--- Page 192 ---
178 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of CBD 
dated 9 July 2008.  The update of the Programme and the issuance of Notes thereunder has been duly authorised 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of CBD dated 15 December 2016. 
Pursuant to a resolution of CBD’s shareholders dated 20 February 2019, CBD is, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, authorised by its shareholders to issue Notes under the Programme in an aggregate nominal amount 
of U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency (as determined in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement)). 
The update of the Programme and the issuance of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Cayman Issuer dated 6 June 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Note or 
Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CBI as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  
The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation.  Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its Regulated Market.  Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a MiFID Regulated Market and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuers in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of CBD and from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Cayman Issuer and the Memorandum and Articles 
of Association (with an English translation thereof) of CBD;  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of CBD in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  CBD currently prepares audited consolidated financial 
statements only on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of CBD as at and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021; 
(d) 
when available, the most recently published audited consolidated annual financial statements of CBD 
and the most recently published unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (if any) 
of CBD in each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith.  CBD 
currently prepares unaudited reviewed condensed consolidated interim financial statements on a 
quarterly basis;

--- Page 193 ---
179 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated therein by reference. 
The 
documents 
referred 
to 
in 
subparagraphs 
(a) 
to 
(g) 
above 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.cbd.ae/corporate/about-cbd/. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code, International Securities Identification 
Number (“ISIN”), Financial Instruments Short Name (“FISN”) and/or Classification of Financial Instrument 
(“CFI”) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Obligors 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Cayman Issuer, 
and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Cayman Issuer, since the date of its 
incorporation. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of either CBD, or CBD 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, since 31 March 2021, and there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of either CBD, or CBD and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
The Group is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Cayman Issuer or CBD is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of CBD are KPMG Lower Gulf Limited (Dubai Branch).  KPMG Lower Gulf Limited (Dubai 
Branch) were first appointed as auditors of CBD in the annual general meeting held on 20 March 2018 and 
thereafter, appointed as auditors of CBD in the annual general meeting held on 20 February 2019 for the 
financial year to end 31 December 2019.  
There is no professional institute of auditors in the UAE and, accordingly, neither KPMG Lower Gulf Limited 
(Dubai Branch) nor Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai Br.) is a member of a professional body in the UAE.  
All KPMG Lower Gulf Limited (Dubai Branch) and Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai Br.) audit partners are 
members of the institutes from where they received their professional qualification.

--- Page 194 ---
180 
 
 
 
 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Cayman Issuer have been prepared.  The 
Cayman Issuer is not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial 
statements, or appoint an auditor. 
Dealers transacting with the Cayman Issuer and CBD 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Cayman Issuer, CBD and their 
respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.  In addition, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Cayman Issuer or CBD, 
or their affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with CBD routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the CBD consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments.  For the purposes of this paragraph the term affiliates shall also include parent 
companies.

--- Page 195 ---
The Cayman Issuer 
CBD 
CBD (Cayman) Limited 
c/o Walkers Corporate Limited 
190 Elgin Avenue 
George Town 
Grand Cayman KY1-9008 
Cayman Islands 
Commercial Bank of Dubai P.S.C. 
Al Ittihad Street 
P.O. Box 2668 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND OTHER PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Agency and Trust Services 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English and UAE law 
To CBD (Cayman) Limited as to Cayman Islands 
law 
White & Case LLP 
P.O. Box 9705 
Level 6, Burj Daman, Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Walkers (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
PO Box 506513 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
To CBD (Cayman) Limited and CBD as to 
English law 
To CBD as to UAE law 
Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
One Fleet Place 
London EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
Dentons & Co. 
Level 18, Boulevard Plaza 2 
Burj Khalifa District 
PO Box 1756 Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
AUDITORS 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited (Dubai Branch) 
Level 4, The Offices-5 at One Central 
Sheikh Zayed Road, 
P.O. Box 3800 Dubai, 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 196 ---
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
Po Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates  
 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. 
One NBAD Tower 
Sheikh Khalifa Street 
P.O. Box 4 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland