--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Hellenic Republic) 
 
€5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Pursuant to the Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) National Bank of Greece S.A. (NBG, the Bank or the Issuer, and with its 
subsidiaries, the Group) may from time to time issue Notes in bearer or registered form denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
This base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base 
Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Bank in line with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Law of 16 July 2019 (the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses 
for Securities). Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Official List). References 
in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). The Programme also 
permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein).  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration of 16 
December 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other terms and 
conditions not contained herein as well as any information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “ Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) 
of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will 
be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws 
and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction. Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see “ Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales” and 
“ Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “ General Description of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a 
Dealer and together the Dealers). References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue and, in relation to an issue of Notes subscribed by one Dealer, be to 
such Dealer. 
Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by either a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global Note, an Unrestricted Global Note and/or 
a Restricted Global Note (each as defined below), in each case as indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined herein). Temporary Global Notes 
and Permanent Global Notes may also be issued in new global note form, and Registered Notes that are held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) may also be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). See “ Forms of the Notes 
and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales”.  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of the Notes are discussed under “ Risk Factors”. 
The Bank has been rated B- for long-term Issuer default rating and B for short-term Issuer default rating by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch), B3 
for long-term debt and NP for short-term debt by Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited (Moody's) and B+ for long-term debt and B for short-
term debt by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P).  
The Programme has been rated B+ for Senior Unsecured and B- for Subordinated by Fitch, Ba3 for Senior Unsecured MTN (domestic) and B2 for 
Subordinated MTN (domestic) by Moody’s and B+ for Senior Unsecured and CCC+ for Subordinated by S&P. In terms of the ratings assigned to the 
Programme, ‘B’ ratings by Fitch indicate an uncertain capacity for timely payment of financial commitments relative to other issuers or obligations in 
the same country or monetary union and an additional ‘+/-’ indicates relative differences of probability of default or recovery for issues. Obligations 
rated ‘Ba’ by Moody’s are judged to have speculative elements and are subject to substantial credit risk and the modifier ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the 
lower end of that generic rating category. Obligations rated ‘B’ by Moody’s are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk, and the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
modifier ‘2’ indicates a mid-range ranking. ‘B’ ratings by S&P means more vulnerable to adverse business, financial and economic conditions but 
currently has the capacity to meet financial commitments. ‘CCC’ ratings by S&P means currently vulnerable and dependent on favorable business, 
financial and economic conditions to meet financial commitments and the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign shows relative standing within the 
major rating categories.  
Each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). As such each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Accordingly, the Bank’s ratings issued by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, Moody’s Investors Service Limited and 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) and have not been withdrawn and the Programme’s ratings issued by Fitch, 
Moody’s and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, Moody’s Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above or other rating agencies, or be unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on the Floating Rate Notes and/or the Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates which may constitute 
benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation), including EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms with respect to Floating Rate Notes or the semi-annual or annual swap rate, as the case may be, for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) with respect to Fixed Reset Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. If the semi-annual or annual swap rate, as the 
case may be, for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) with respect to Fixed Reset Notes constitutes a 
benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
Arrangers and Dealers 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 16 December 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Bank (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Bank or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Bank or any 
Dealer. 
Certain information under the heading “Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales – 
Book-Entry System” has been extracted from information provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. 
The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by the relevant clearing systems, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Bank since the date thereof or, if later, 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability 
of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds to fulfil any environmental, social and/or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment or verification of the Green Projects and/or Social Projects and their impact, 
or monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any such Notes (or amounts equal thereto). Prospective investors 
should refer to the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion, as referred to in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “Use of Proceeds” below. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates make any representation as to the suitability of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds to fulfil any environmental criteria required by any prospective investors. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates make any representation as to the suitability of the National Bank of 
Greece Green Bond Framework (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in 
it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Bank and each of the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, 
see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, the Notes have not been nor will be registered under the Securities

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Act and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to persons who are not U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, in the United States to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
(Rule 144A), each a QIB) in reliance on Rule 144A or another applicable exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. In addition, prospective purchasers of Notes are hereby notified that a seller of Notes may 
be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144A. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Bank or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Bank.  Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Bank or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Bank makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Bank is correct at any time subsequent 
to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU)

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MIFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.   
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
section 309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor 
have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary 
is unlawful. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Programme Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at 
any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Programme Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a Member State are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to U.S.$, U.S. dollars or dollars are to United States dollars 
and references to €, EUR or euro are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to Greece or to the Greek State are to the Hellenic Republic. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), as defined in 
the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated 
information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not recognised as financial 
measures under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as endorsed by the European Union, are 
used by the management of the Bank to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. 
In particular: 
(a) 
Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) ratio or 90 days past due ratio: Loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost in arrears for 90 days or more divided by total loans and advances to customers before 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) allowance for impairment at the end of the period. 
(b) 
Loans-to-Deposits Ratio:  Loans and advances to customers over due to customers, at the end of the 
period. 
(c) 
Non-Performing Exposures (NPE) ratio: NPEs divided by total loans before ECL allowance for 
impairment at the end of the period.  
The Group defines NPEs, according to the European Banking Authority (EBA) Implementing 
Technical Standards (ITS) on Forbearance and Non-Performing Exposures, as exposures that satisfy 
either or both of the following criteria: 
(i) 
material exposures which are more than 90 days past due; and 
(ii) 
the debtor is assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of 
collateral, regardless of the existence of any past due amount or of the number of days past 
due. 
(d) 
Balance sheet: Statement of Financial Position. 
(e) 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio: CET1 capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, with the 
application of the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
(f) 
CET1 ratio fully loaded: CET1 capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, without the application 
of the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact on RWAs. 
(g) 
Core Income: Net Interest Income (NII) + Net fee and commission income. 
(h) 
Core Operating Profit: Core income less operating expenses and loan impairments and excluding 
COVID-19 provisions of €0.4 billion in the second quarter of 2021.  
(i) 
Core Pre-Provision Income: Core Income less operating expenses.  
(j) 
Cost of Risk: Loan impairments for the year (or for the period annualised) over average net loans, 
excluding the short-term reverse repo facility of €3.0 billion in the second quarter of 2021. 
(k) 
Cost-to-Core Income ratio: Operating expenses over Core Income. 
(l) 
Cost-to-Income ratio: Operating expenses over total income. 
(m) 
Deposits: Due to customers. 
(n) 
Domestic banking activities: Refers to banking business in Greece and includes retail, corporate and 
investment banking. Group’s domestic operations includes Ethniki Leasing S.A (Ethniki Leasing), 
Probank Leasing S.A. (Probank Leasing) and Ethniki Factors S.A. (Ethniki Factors).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
(o) 
Forborne: Exposures for which forbearance measures have been extended according to the EBA ITS 
on Forbearance and Non-Performing Exposures. 
(p) 
Forborne Non-Performing Exposures (FNPEs): Exposures with forbearance measures that meet the 
criteria to be considered as non performing according to the EBA ITS on Forbearance and Non-
Performing Exposures. 
(q) 
Forborne Performing Exposures (FPEs): Exposures with forbearance measures that do not meet the 
criteria to be considered as non performing according to the EBA ITS on Forbearance and Non-
Performing Exposures and forborne exposures under probation period. 
(r) 
Gross loans: Loans and advances to customers before Expected Credit Loss (ECL) allowance for 
impairment on loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL. 
(s) 
Held for Sale: Non-current assets held for sale. 
(t) 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR): The LCR refers to the liquidity buffer of High Quality Liquid Assets 
(HQLAs) that a Financial Institution holds, in order to withstand net liquidity outflows over a 30 
calendar-day stressed period as per Regulation (EU) 2015/61. 
(u) 
Loan Impairments: Impairment charge for ECL. 
(v) 
Net loans: Loans and advances to customers after ECL allowance for impairment on loans and 
advances to customers at amortised cost and mandatorily at FVTPL. 
(w) 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR): The NSFR refers to the portion of liabilities and capital expected 
to be sustainable over the time horizon considered by the NSFR over the amount of stable funding that 
must be allocated to the various assets, based on their liquidity characteristics and residual maturities. 
(x) 
NPE Coverage Ratio: ECL allowance for impairment for loans and advances to customers divided by 
NPE, excluding loans and advances to customers mandatorily classified as FVTPL, at period end. 
(y) 
Pre-Provision Income: Total income less operating expenses, before loan impairments. 
(z) 
Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs): Assets and off-balance-sheet exposures, weighted according to risk 
factors based on Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
(aa) 
Risk Adjusted NIM: NIM minus CoR 
(bb) 
Total Capital Ratio: Total capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, with the application of the 
regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
Investors should be aware that: 
 
these financial measures are not recognised as a measure of performance under IFRS; and 
 
they are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and operations 
but are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Bank, nor are they meant to be predictive 
of future results. 
Furthermore, since companies do not all calculate these measures in an identical manner, the Group’s 
presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance 
should not be placed on any such data. In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully consider the 
financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Although certain of this 
data has been extracted or derived from the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Prospectus, this data has not been audited or reviewed by the independent auditors. Neither the assumptions 
underlying the APMs have been audited in accordance with ISA or any other auditing standards. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus may be submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued 
under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied 
or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than 
the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A or any other applicable exemption. Each U.S. 
purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be 
being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Restricted Global Note or any Notes issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its acceptance or 
purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict 
the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating 
to U.S. Sales”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in 
“Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales”. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with any resale or other transfers 
of Notes that are “Restricted Securities” (as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act), the Bank will 
furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or of a beneficial owner of an interest therein, to such holder 
or beneficial owner or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder or beneficial owner, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and will otherwise 
comply with the requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act, if, at the time of such request, any 
of the relevant Notes remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the 
Securities Act and the Bank is not a reporting company under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the United States 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to 
Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Bank is incorporated under the laws of the Hellenic Republic. All of the officers and directors named 
herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank and of such 
officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to 
effect service of process outside the Hellenic Republic upon the Bank or such persons, or to enforce judgments 
against them obtained in courts outside the Hellenic Republic predicated upon civil liabilities of the Bank or 
such directors and officers under laws other than the Hellenic Republic, including any judgment predicated 
upon United States federal securities laws.  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. Such statements in this Base Prospectus include, 
but are not limited to, statements made under “Risk Factors”, “Description of the Group” and “Regulation and 
Supervision of Banks in Greece”. Such statements can be generally identified by the use of terms such as 
“believes”, “expects”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”, “could”, “plans”, “anticipates” and comparable 
terms, including the negatives of such terms. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and 
uncertainty, and the factors described in the context of such forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus 
could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. The Bank has based these forward-looking statements on their management's 
current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions about the Group, including, among other things:

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period 
and legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further constraints 
on economic activity in Greece; 
 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-
term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may 
not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic 
Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing and legacy 
effects from multiple sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a material adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects; 
 
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes; 
 
There can be no assurance that the Bank’s capital will be sufficient, in particular if economic 
conditions in Greece do not improve or if they deteriorate further; 
 
The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes; 
 
The Bank’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected 
by, and there may be further material adverse consequences to the Group of, any future downgrades 
of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating; 
 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and could lead to a higher cost of funding or the inability of the Bank to raise capital; 
 
The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets (DTAs) 
as regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and 
financial condition; 
 
There is uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a “going concern”; 
 
As a recipient of State Aid, the Bank’s operational autonomy is constrained; 
 
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (HFSF), as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the 
operation of the Bank and has, and will continue to have, the ability to exercise significant influence 
over the Group’s operations; 
 
The high level of NPEs has had and may continue to have in the future a negative impact on the 
Group’s operations; 
 
The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets; 
 
The Group has incurred and may continue to incur significant losses on its trading and investment 
activities due to market fluctuations and volatility; 
 
Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other adverse 
consequences; 
 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks; 
 
The loss of senior management may adversely affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategy;

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
The Group, like any other credit institution, is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities of any 
form which, if not dealt with in a timely manner and successfully, could have negative effects on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects; 
 
The Group could be exposed to significant future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities; 
 
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time or may not be 
accurate; 
 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk; 
 
The Group’s economic hedging may not prevent losses; 
 
The Group’s information systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and 
vulnerable to an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks 
which could result in the unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client or 
customer information, damage to its reputation, additional costs to it, regulatory penalties and financial 
losses; 
 
The Group’s business is subject to increasingly complex regulation which may increase its compliance 
costs and capital requirements; 
 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and may 
result in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the resolution 
of the Group (which may include the Notes being subject to the bail-in resolution tool by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, resulting in their full or partial write-down or conversion); 
 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) under the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, the BRRD) may affect 
the Group’s profitability; 
 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals 
and regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various South Eastern Europe (SEE) 
countries may limit the Group’s ability to receive payments on past due loans, and anticipated changes 
to such laws may not have the desired effect; and 
 
other factors described under “Risk Factors”.  
The Bank undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the 
forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus might not occur. Any statements regarding past 
trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the 
future. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are 
based on facts known only as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 15 
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................... 22 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES................................................................................ 74 
FORMS OF THE NOTES AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO U.S. SALES ...............125 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS...........................................................................................................138 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP .................................................................................................157 
RISK MANAGEMENT ...............................................................................................................214 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES...........................................................................................226 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE.......................................................241 
TAXATION ...............................................................................................................................275 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.......................................................................................................279 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................284

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued 
in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, if appropriate, 
and in the case of listed Notes only, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be 
published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this summary. 
 
Issuer: 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5UMCZOEYKCVFAW8ZLO05  
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its respective obligations in respect of the Notes are 
discussed under “Risk Factors”. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for assessing the potential market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are also 
discussed under “Risk Factors” and include certain risks 
associated with the structure of a particular issue of Notes and 
risks common to the Notes generally. 
Description: 
€5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH and National Bank of 
Greece S.A. 
Dealers: 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Bank 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
 
In the case of Notes having a maturity of less than one year, the 
same will constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition 
on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, see “Subscription 
and Sale”.  
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are 
not subject to the approval provisions stated therein. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon (acting through its London 
branch) 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch  
Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its New York 
branch and acting through its London branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch  
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, of 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking S.A., of 42 
Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), The Depository Trust Company of 55 Water 
Street, New York, New York 10041-0004, U.S.A. (DTC) and/or 
any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Bank may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to the same terms and conditions in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) 
so as to form a single Series. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or registered 
form (Registered Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No 
single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes. 
 
Bearer Notes 
 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will initially be in the form 
of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Bearer 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
form (a Classic Global Note or CGN), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a New Global Note or NGN), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of 
any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Registered Notes 
 
Notes in registered form which are offered and sold to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act will be represented by interests in a global 
registered note certificate (the Unrestricted Global Note), and 
either (i) be deposited with a custodian for and registered in the 
name of a nominee of The Depository Trust Company (DTC); or 
(ii) be deposited with a common depositary or (in the case of 
Unrestricted Global Notes to be held under the NSS) a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper,

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
on or about the date of issue of the relevant Tranche. Up to and 
including the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the relevant issue date, beneficial interests in an 
Unrestricted Global Note that is deposited with a custodian for 
DTC may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
Notes which are offered and sold to QIBS in reliance on Rule 
144A or another applicable exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act will be represented by interests in a global 
registered note certificate (the Restricted Global Note and, 
together with the Unrestricted Global Note, the Registered 
Global Notes), deposited with a custodian for and registered in 
the name of a nominee of DTC on or about the date of issue of the 
relevant Tranche. Interests in the Registered Global Notes will be 
shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, 
records maintained by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
DTC and its direct and indirect participants, including depositaries 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Definitive registered notes (Definitive Registered Notes) 
evidencing holdings of Notes will only be available in certain 
limited circumstances. (See “Forms of the Notes and Transfer 
Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales”). 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in U.S. dollars, Sterling, Euro, Yen 
and such other currencies without limitation, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, 
subject to such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any 
currency or currencies other than the currency in which such 
Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default or an 
Enforcement Event, as applicable) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of (i) the Issuer (see Condition 11.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 11.4 
(Clean-up Call Option)) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes 
only, for regulatory reasons (see Condition 11.7 (Redemption of

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons)) or, in case of 
Unsurbordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes, following a MREL Disqualification Event 
(see Condition 11.8 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event)) and/or (ii) (in the case of Unsubordinated Notes only) the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate (which, in the case of Fixed Reset 
Notes, will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate 
or the applicable Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and the Reset Margin) or a floating rate. The Issuer 
may also have the right to convert the interest rate from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or vice versa. 
Substitution or Variation 
If Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of (x) Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes only, if 
a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, or (y) Subordinated 
Notes, if a Regulatory Event occurs, or (z) all Notes, as applicable, 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 27 (Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), 
the Issuer may substitute the Notes, or vary the terms of such 
Notes, so that the relevant Notes once again become or remain, as 
appropriate, Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. See 
Condition 18.3 (Substitution and Variation). 
Cross-default/cross-acceleration: 
Unsubordinated Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default / 
cross-acceleration as described in Condition 14 (Events of 
Default). 
Enforcement Events: 
Holders of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes may declare such Notes to be 
immediately due and repayable on the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event as described in Condition 14.2 (Enforcement 
Events—Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes). 
Contractual 
Recognition 
of 
Resolution Powers and Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges 
and agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Resolution Power 
and/or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, as set out in more detail in Condition 27 (Resolution 
and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers). The rights of the 
Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to 
give effect to the exercise of any Resolution Power and/or Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. See 
Condition 27 (Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers).

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes in the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction unless the withholding is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 13 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts in respect of principal 
and interest or, in respect of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, interest only, as 
will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they 
would have received in respect of such Notes had no such 
withholding been required. 
Under Greek law as at 18 December 2021, payments of interest 
under the Non-Listed Notes are subject to Greek income 
withholding tax and, under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
where Extended Gross-Up is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to one limited exception (which 
would not apply while the Non-Listed Notes are represented by 
Global Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), the Bank is required to gross up such payments in 
order that Noteholders receive such amounts as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding had been required (see 
Condition 13.1 (Gross up)). In this case, depending on applicable 
income tax rules in the tax jurisdiction(s) to which they are 
subject, the income received by a Holder for tax purposes may be 
the gross amount paid by the Bank, rather than the net amount 
received by the Holder. 
The attention of Holders is also drawn to the fact that, if the Greek 
law on income tax withholding changes in the future and 
payments of interest under the Non-Listed Notes to Non-Greek 
Legal Persons (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation)) cease 
to be subject to Greek income withholding tax, the obligation of 
the Issuer to gross up interest payments will be limited. Please see 
Condition 13.1 (Gross up). In such circumstances, Holders who 
are not Non-Greek Legal Persons may remain subject to income 
tax withholding, if any is applicable, and (if so) may cease to 
benefit from any grossing-up of interest payments. 
Listed Notes means Notes which are listed on the EU-regulated 
market of the Bourse of Luxembourg, or on another trading venue 
within the meaning of article 4 of Directive 2014/65/EU.

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
Non-Listed Notes means Notes which are not listed in a trading 
venue, within the meaning of article 4 of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their 
own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
Rating: 
A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions 
allowing for the substitution of the Issuer as the debtor in respect 
of the Notes, any Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement, as more fully described in Condition 21 (Substitution 
of the Issuer). 
Governing Law: 
English law except for Conditions 6.2 (Status – Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), 6.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes) and 27 
(Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Hellenic Republic. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the 
Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 16 December 
2022 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time), a 
copy of which will be available for inspection at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the Hellenic Republic, The 
Netherlands, France, Italy, the EEA, the United Kingdom, 
Singapore and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Bank believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Bank to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other unknown reasons. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
The risk factors relating to the Group are deemed to cover the Bank. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE BANK TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer. A purchaser of Notes relies on the 
creditworthiness of the Bank and no other person. Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Bank may adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes.  
Risks relating to the long-lasting implications of the Hellenic Republic’s economic crisis in the previous 
decade, the COVID-19 outbreak, the evolving geopolitical turbulence and inflation pressures. 
The economic outlook and the fiscal position of the Hellenic Republic continues to be affected by the legacy 
of the prolonged economic crisis of the previous decade, the COVID-19 pandemic since 2020, and the surge 
in inflation since 2021, compounded by heightened geopolitical tensions and an evolving energy crisis, which 
could have additional adverse effects on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group’s financial condition and its results of operations are heavily dependent on macroeconomic, social 
and political conditions prevailing in Greece.  
Following almost eight years of recession in the period 2008 to 2016, the annual growth of Gross Domestic 
Product (GDP) in Greece entered positive territory in 2017 and accelerated further in 2018 and 2019 (with 
annual growth rates of 1.1% year-on-year, 1.5% year-on-year and 1.8% year-on-year, respectively - Source: 
ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 2nd Quarter 2022, Press Release, September 2022), despite the tighter-
than-initially expected fiscal conditions, due to the over performance, over this three-year period, against the 
fiscal targets of the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) stability support programme (Third Programme). 
Due to the high level of Greece’s public debt, which is primarily held by the official sector, ambitious fiscal 
targets had been pursued in the context of the enhanced surveillance framework (the Enhanced Surveillance 
Framework), applied to Greece between August 2018 and August 2022, following the completion of the Third 
Programme (as further described below). These fiscal targets have been temporarily suspended due to the 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic crisis but will be reactivated from 2024 onwards when the suspension 
expires (Source: European Commission, Statement, “State aid: Commission will phase out State aid COVID 
Temporary Framework”, 12 May 2022). Fiscal targets remain ambitious for a prolonged period, in the context 
of the post-programme surveillance (PPS) and the European Semester, which continue to monitor Greece’s 
economic, fiscal and financial situation, following the conclusion of the Enhanced Surveillance Framework in 
August 2022, as further described below. 
Greece’s recovery has been interrupted by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic since late February 2020, 
that led to a severe GDP contraction of 8.7% year-on-year in the 2020 fiscal year (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
National Accounts, 2nd Quarter 2022, Press Release, September 2022), due to the application of strict 
containment measures – that included extensive restrictions on mobility and economic activities in some 
periods – and high uncertainty. However, the provision of a sizeable amount of fiscal support measures against 
the COVID-19 induced stress on liquidity conditions and the labour market in 2020-2021 (including the use 
of approval of State guarantees on lending, employment allowances and subsidised employment schemes) 
limited the pandemic impact on the Greek labour market and private sector disposable income. GDP growth 
recovered strongly by 8.0% year-over-year in 2021 and by 7.8% year-over-year in the first half of 2022, 
bolstered by the activation of deferred demand following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions and the rapid 
recovery of tourism activity (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 2nd Quarter 2022, Press Release, 
September 2022). Most notably, the labour market has shown remarkable responsiveness to the gradual 
unwinding of the extraordinary State support measures over the course of 2021 and 2022, with the 
unemployment rate dropping to a 12-year low of 11.8% in September 2022, confirming the temporary nature 
of the COVID-19 impact on the economy (Source: ELSTAT, Labour Force Survey database). Similarly, the 
private sector disposable income contracted by 3.4% year-on-year in 2020 and recovered steadily in 2021 and 
the first half of 2022 (+10.3% and 8.7% year-on-year, respectively, Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly Non-Financial 
Sector Accounts database). 
However, a sharp acceleration in inflation recorded since mid-2021 has been compounded by the geopolitical 
turbulence caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, driving energy and food commodity 
inflation to multi-decade highs and increasing pressure on major central banks to tighten their monetary policy 
stance. Despite the resilience of Greece’s and the Euro area’s economic growth in the first half of 2022, 
growing inflation and energy-related concerns have tilted the balance of macroeconomic risks to the downside 
for the remainder of 2022 and for 2023, with official and consensus estimates pointing to weak economic 
growth in this period. 
The economy’s transition to the “Post-programme” era 
In 2018, Greece successfully completed the Third Programme – following a precipitate termination of the first 
two Programmes in 2012 and 2015 respectively – and was subjected to a post-programme monitoring 
framework between August 2018 and August 2022, which is based on the Enhanced Surveillance Framework 
directed by the European Commission (Sources: European Commission, Occasional Papers 94, “The Second 
Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece”, March 2012, ESM Press Release, “EFSF programme for 
Greece expires today”, 30 June 2015 and European Commission, “Commission implementing decision of 
11.7.2018 on the activation of enhanced surveillance for Greece”, 11 July 2018).  
The Third Programme was activated on 19 August 2015 against a backdrop of severe economic uncertainty, 
intensifying liquidity tensions and capital flight that appeared to threaten the membership of the Hellenic 
Republic in the European Monetary Union and the European Union (EU), and gave rise to a new recessionary 
spiral, following a cumulative contraction in economic activity of 29.2% year-on-year between 2008 and 2014 
(Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts,2nd Quarter 2022, Press Release, September 2022). In this 
environment, the Greek government officially requested financial assistance from the EU on 10 July 2015 
(Source: European Commission’s proposal for a council implementation decision on granting short-term 
European Union financial assistance to Greece under a new programme from the ESM). On 19 August 2015, 
the Hellenic Republic entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the European Commission 
(EC) and the ESM for the provision of further stability support accompanied by the Third Programme.  
The Third Programme was successfully completed on 20 August 2018. This completion was accompanied by 
a new agreement on the provision of additional debt relief, aimed at lowering Greece’s gross financing needs 
(GFNs) in the medium-to-long term and the build-up of a sizeable cash buffer by the Hellenic Republic 
financed by Third Programme funding and new debt issuances. Moreover, for the long term, the Eurogroup of 
21 June 2018 has recalled the agreement, that had been reached in the Eurogroup of May 2016, on a 
contingency mechanism on debt that could be activated in the case of an unexpectedly more adverse 
macroeconomic scenario, adjusting debt servicing costs to more sustainable levels if required and decided by 
the Eurogroup (Sources: Eurogroup Statements, 25 May 2016, 24 May 2018 and 22 June 2018). An enhanced

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
surveillance framework (the Enhanced Surveillance Framework), under the existing mechanisms of fiscal 
coordination in the EU, supervised by the EC has been agreed and the Hellenic Republic has also committed 
to ensure the continuity and completion of reforms adopted under the Third Programme. Moreover, the official 
European lenders have committed to reassess the sustainability of Greek debt by 2032, or earlier if deemed 
necessary, after taking into account Greece’s compliance with the targets of the post-Third Programme 
Enhanced Surveillance Framework and the potential role of adverse factors beyond the control of the Hellenic 
Republic’s economic policy. 
The Enhanced Surveillance Framework for Greece expired on 20 August 2022. Greece delivered on the bulk 
of the policy commitments made to the Eurogroup upon its exit from its financial assistance programme in 
June 2018 and achieved effective reform implementation. Monitoring Greece’s economic, fiscal and financial 
situation will continue in the context of the post-programme surveillance (PPS) and the European Semester. 
The first PPS report, published on 22 November 2022 by the European Commission, marks the country’s 
transition from the exceptional status of enhanced surveillance to a broader group of euro area countries that 
received some form of official sector financial support in the previous years. The report recognises that Greece 
has taken the necessary actions to fulfil its commitments and serves as a basis for the Eurogroup to take a 
decision on the release of the final tranche of policy-contingent debt-relief measures agreed in June 2018. 
Moreover, major reforms and investments are foreseen in the Greek Recovery and Resilience Plan (NRRP). 
Potential delays in the completion of remaining reforms or the inability to safeguard the objectives of the 
adopted reforms and/or the sustainability of the fiscal performance in the medium and longer term, due to 
endogenous or exogenous factors, could weigh on the markets’ assessment of the risks surrounding the 
creditworthiness of the Hellenic Republic and, therefore, create uncertainty regarding its capacity to maintain 
a continuous access to market financing. Such a development could, in turn, have a material adverse impact 
on the Bank’s liquidity position, business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.  
The aforementioned developments continue to create significant challenges for the Group, as the negative 
legacy effects of the Greek fiscal crisis in the period 2009 to 2017, combined with the negative effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, still impose significant risks, giving rise to persistent, direct and indirect, adverse effects 
on private sector income, the quality of private sector balance sheets and liquidity conditions in general. See 
also “The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period 
and legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further constraints on 
economic activity in Greece” and “The COVID-19 pandemic, the economic policy response and the impact 
on the Hellenic Republic’s economy to date may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, results 
of operations, prospects and financial condition” below. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, the economic policy response and the impact on the Hellenic Republic’s economy 
to date may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition. 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in February 2020 has inflicted high human costs worldwide, leading 
to a sharp deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, the European and global economies entered a 
sharp recession in the first semester of 2020, which continued, at a slower pace, until the end of the year. To 
counter the spread of COVID-19, strict containment measures were imposed around the world, including 
Greece, voluntarily shutting down large parts of the economy. The enforcement of protective restrictions, along 
with elevated uncertainty, weighed heavily on economic conditions, interrupting Greece’s recovery in a period 
when the economy had exhibited signs of further improvement. 
Greek GDP suffered a decline of historical proportions in the second quarter of 2020 (-15.5% year-on-year 
and -13.3% quarter-on-quarter on a seasonally adjusted basis), against a backdrop of high uncertainty and the 
enforcement of restrictions on a wide range of activities aimed at limiting the spread of the pandemic (Source: 
ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 2nd Quarter 2022, Press Release September 2022). COVID-19 has 
adversely affected a broad range of indicators of economic activity and has resulted in a sharp drop in business 
turnover and corporate profitability (-12.5% and -16.8% year-on-year, respectively, in 2020, Sources:

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
ELSTAT, Evolution of turnover of enterprises, Press Release, November 2022 and Quarterly Non-Financial 
Sector Accounts, Press Release, 2nd Quarter 2022, October 2022). 
A sizeable fiscal expansion has been put in place by the Greek government aimed at addressing the effects of 
COVID-19 on the economy. The support included several fiscal and liquidity measures, which were activated 
over the course of 2020 and 2021, mainly comprising social transfers, subsidies and deferrals of tax and social 
security contributions, as well as state loans and guarantees for new bank lending, amounting to about 15.0% 
of GDP or €27.0 billion (Sources: Ministry of Finance, Budget 2022, November 2021, in Greek and Stability 
Programme 2022, April 2022). These measures have been endorsed by the European Commission, which has 
suspended the Enhanced Surveillance primary surplus target for Greece since 2020 (3.5% of GDP in this year), 
as part of the activation of the general “escape clause” within the Stability and Growth Pact for all countries 
to allow the necessary increase in government spending in order to contain the coronavirus outbreak and 
mitigate its negative socio-economic effects (Source: European Commission, Coronavirus: Commission 
proposes activating fiscal framework's general escape clause to respond to pandemic, Press Release, 20 March 
2020). Although the fiscal response ameliorated the pandemic hit to the economy and strengthened the 
recovery in 2021, it has also led to a significant deterioration in the General Government balance, which 
recorded a sizeable deficit of 9.9% of GDP in 2020 and of 7.5% of GDP in 2021 from a surplus of 1.1% of 
GDP in 2019 (European System of Accounts (ESA) 2010 definition). The sizeable deficits in 2020-2021 and 
the sharp drop in 2020 GDP pushed public debt to a new high of 206.3% of GDP in 2020, which declined to 
194.5% of GDP in 2021 (Source: ELSTAT, Fiscal Data, October 2022).  
Various measures were announced by the Greek and European authorities in response to the economic and 
market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, with the most significant relating to the activation 
of the Next Generation EU (NGEU) on 21 July 2020 (approved by the European Parliament on 10 November 
2020, Sources: Council of the European Union, European Council conclusions, 17-21 July 2020 and Council 
of the European Union, Next multiannual financial framework and recovery package: Council presidency 
reaches political agreement with the European Parliament, 10 November 2020), which was intended to provide 
higher support to the most adversely affected economies such as Greece’s. In particular, the NGEU has been 
designed in order to speed up the reversal of activity losses in 2020 and bolster critical elements of activity, 
such as business and public investment. Greece is one of the top recipients among the EU countries, with 
grants under the Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF), which is the main financing programme of the 
NGEU, for the period 2021 to 2026 amounting to €17.8 billion (10.8% of 2020 GDP) and increasing to €30.5 
billion (18.4% of 2020 GDP), if lending under the same mechanism is included (Source: European 
Commission, Factsheet: Greece’s recovery and resilience plan, June 2021). Greece has received €7.5 billion 
of RRF funding until the third quarter of 2022 (corresponding to a pre-financing tranche in 2021 and an 
approved first payment in April 2022) and has requested a second payment of €3.6 billion in September, for 
which, on 25 November 2022, the European Commission endorsed a positive preliminary assessment of 
Greece’s fulfilment of the milestones and targets inquiring from the Economic and Financial Committee 
(EFC) its opinion in order to proceed to the disbursement. (Source: European Commission, Recovery and 
Resilience Scoreboard website and Press Release “NextGenerationEU: European Commission endorses 
positive preliminary assessment of Greece's request for nearly €3.6 billion under the Recovery and Resilience 
Facility”, 25 November 2022). 
See further “The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its 
long-term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not 
lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt 
sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing and legacy effects from multiple 
sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects” below. 
Greek asset valuations and market activity in 2018-2022 
Greek financial asset valuations had started to recover following the successful completion of the Third 
Programme, along with the broad-based improvement in economic conditions since 2018, with the yields of

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
Greek Government Bonds (GGBs) following a broadly steady downward trend, which intensified in 2020-
2021 due to the exceptional inclusion to the European Central Bank’s (ECB) temporary Pandemic Emergency 
Purchase Programme (PEPP). Increasing government bond purchases under the PEPP (that reached €38.9 
billion between March 2020 and September 2022), along with the relatively benign debt servicing profile of 
the Hellenic Republic, have contributed to the significant appreciation of Greek sovereign bonds (Source: 
ECB, Pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP) website). Specifically, the 10-year GGB yield 
dropped by 469 bps cumulatively in 2018-2020 and to an all-time low of 0.59% in August 2021. Nonetheless, 
GGB yields started to pick-up in the fourth quarter of 2021 (with the 10-year GGB yield at 1.17% in this 
quarter), against a backdrop of increasing market worries regarding the rapid acceleration in inflationary 
pressures worldwide. Bond yields increased significantly during 2022, with the 10-year GGB yield reaching 
3.43%, on average, in the first eleven months of 2022 – compared to a 2021 average of 0.89% –  and a peak 
for 2022 of 5.08% on 19 October 2022 (Source: Bank of Greece, Government benchmark bond prices and 
yields database). 
As regards the role of ECB in shaping financial conditions, it should be stressed that the first half of 2022 
marked the turning point of an unprecedented cycle of monetary policy easing by the ECB and other major 
central banks worldwide. Rapidly increasing inflation and resilient economic recovery until the first quarter of 
2022 had already set the stage for a withdrawal of extraordinary support measures, activated due to COVID-
19, with net purchases of securities under the PEPP having been discontinued in March 2022. The ECB stated 
that the re-investment of funds from maturing bonds will continue until at least the end of 2024 and will be 
used with increased flexibility, in order to avoid disruptions in monetary policy transmission. The ECB also 
stated in April 2022 that Greece’s sovereign securities will continue to be accepted in refinancing operations, 
despite their non-investment grade status. 
In view of the very strong reaction of fixed income markets to the prospects of accelerated monetary policy 
tightening, the ECB’s Governing Council mandated, on 15 June 2022, the relevant Eurosystem Committees to 
accelerate the completion of a new “anti-fragmentation instrument”, with a view to ease the heightened 
pressure on valuations of specific euro area bonds (Source: ECB, Statement after the ad hoc meeting of the 
ECB Governing Council, Press Release, 15 June 2022). In the July 2022 meeting the ECB stressed its intention 
to remain vigilant against financial fragmentation risks using targeted reinvestments of PEEP bond-holding 
redemptions and presented its new Transmission Protection Instrument (TPI) to cushion potential unwarranted 
pressures in fixed income markets, which could impair its monetary policy transmission mechanism. The 
access to the TPI is subject to certain conditions related, mainly, to the implementation of sound fiscal policies 
and the sustainability of public debt for sovereigns that are eligible for asset purchases (Source: ECB, Account 
of the monetary policy meeting of the Governing Council of the European Central Bank held in Frankfurt am 
Main on Wednesday and Thursday, 20-21 July 2022). In regard to the ECB’s moves concerning the 
normalization of policy rates, following a long period of accommodative monetary policy, its Governing 
Council increased by 2.25% its main policy rates between June and November 2022, with the central bank 
stressing its determination to combat persistent inflationary pressures through additional rate hikes even at the 
risk of a sharp weakening in economic activity in 2023 (Source: ECB, Monetary policy decisions, Press 
Release, 9 June 2022, 21 July 2022, 8 September 2022 and 27 October 2022). 
Against this backdrop, the Hellenic Republic accessed the markets several times in the period 2018-2021, at 
increasingly competitive terms, raising a total gross amount of €38 billion, through the issuance of GGBs with 
maturities ranging between five and thirty years and an exchange offer between the Hellenic Republic and the 
Bank, who exchanged its three GGBs for a new GGB with a maturity of thirty years. Despite the more 
challenging market environment, the Hellenic Republic completed the main part of its issuance program for 
2022, raising €6.9 billion as of November 2022. (Sources: Public Debt Management Agency, Announcements 
on the issuance of government bonds, 2018-2022, Ministry of Finance, Budget 2023, November 2022 and 
National Bank of Greece, Announcement on the Exchange of Greek Government Bonds, 22 January 2020). 
Equity and real estate valuations recorded significant cumulative gains in the last four years, starting from a 
very low basis, with the ASE General Index increasing by 17.6% between 2018 and 2021 – showing, however, 
high volatility during this period – and residential real estate prices up by 22.5% cumulatively in the same

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
period. Increased financial turbulence weighed on Greece’s equity market in 2022, with the ASE General 
Index recording losses for the most part of 2022 and stabilizing on a year-to-date basis (mid-November 2022). 
Residential real estate values posted an additional increase of 9.3% year-on-year in the first half of 2022, 
against a backdrop of resilient domestic demand, a rebound in external demand, following the COVID-19 
related slowdown, and significant regional development and infrastructure projects that bolstered valuations 
(Sources: Datastream database, Bank of Greece, Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, September-October 2022 
and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). Furthermore, supply remains relatively subdued, despite the 
acceleration in construction activity to 10.4% year-on-year in 2021 and 14.6% year-on-year in the first half of 
2022, with the level of activity corresponding to a small fraction of the boom period 2002-2008 (Source: 
ELSTAT, Quarterly gross fixed capital formation, 2nd Quarter 2022, Press Release, September 2022). 
Moreover, improved investors’ confidence regarding Greece’s economic prospects led to increasing inflows 
of foreign direct investment amounting to €16.3 billion, cumulatively, in the period between 2018 and 2021 – 
reaching an all-time high of €5.6 billion in 2021 – with latest trends for the first eight months of 2022 (foreign 
direct investment at €5.3 billion) presaging a new record in 2022 fiscal year (Source: Bank of Greece, Balance 
of Payments Statistics). 
There are still considerable risks surrounding the Greek economy’s prospects, including uncertainties 
regarding the near-term outlook for private consumption, as well as business investment and the private 
sector’s capital spending and lending decisions, in view of (i) the protracted impact of the preceding crises; 
(ii) the required rebalancing of the fiscal position following the COVID-19 shock; (iii) the continuing 
tightening in monetary policy, due to rising inflation worldwide, which is combined with higher volatility in 
the financial markets; and (iv) the prolonged geopolitical stress, which affects energy security in the EU and 
amplifies energy and non-energy commodities inflation. The Group’s business activities are dependent on the 
level of banking, finance and financial products and services it offers, as well as customers’ capacity to repay 
their liabilities. In particular, the levels of savings and credit demand are heavily dependent on customer 
confidence, disposable income trends and the availability and cost of funding, each of which factors continues 
to show a relatively slow improvement in Greece. Moreover, the Group’s customers may further decrease their 
risk tolerance to non-deposit investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds, which would continue to 
adversely affect the Group’s fee and commission income. For related information, see “The Hellenic 
Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period and legacy effects 
from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further constraints on economic activity in 
Greece” and “The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its 
long-term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not 
lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt 
sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing and legacy effects from multiple 
sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects” below.  
The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period and 
legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further constraints on economic 
activity in Greece. 
The significant increase in Greece’s fiscal credibility, due to the overperformance vis-à-vis the fiscal targets 
under the Third Programme and the Enhanced Surveillance Framework, enabled the government to implement 
a significant amount of fiscal expansion measures in 2020-2021. However, the requirement to restore a 
sustainable fiscal equilibrium in the medium term, as agreed under the Enhanced Surveillance Framework, 
following the lifting of the suspension in the EU of the “general escape clause” from fiscal rules due to the 
pandemic, poses the risk of (i) an increase in the effective burden from taxes (personal, corporate, indirect and 
consumption taxes), in the event that additional fiscal effort will be required to meet the fiscal targets, and/or 
(ii) a sharper-than-anticipated reduction in government spending, with a view to ensure the achievement of the 
agreed fiscal surpluses that permit a sustainable reduction in the public debt. The above factors could impose 
further constraints on economic activity and result in weaker than initially expected GDP growth outcomes in 
the coming years, while in conjunction with other fiscal measures could also exert additional pressure on

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
private sector spending and liquidity. Although Greece overperformed vis-à-vis its officially agreed fiscal 
targets in 2021-22, despite the additional cost of fiscal support against the COVID-19 and energy/inflation 
crisis, the targeted return to a primary fiscal surplus in 2023 could be a challenging task under a less supportive 
macroeconomic environment. 
The fiscal position of the Hellenic Republic deteriorated sharply in 2020, due to the extraordinary interventions 
implemented to address the effects of COVID-19. The primary deficit in general government reached 5.0% of 
GDP in 2021 and 6.9% of GDP in 2020, compared with a primary surplus of 4.1% of GDP in 2019. The 2023 
Budget envisages a primary deficit of 1.6% of GDP in 2022, which is projected to turn into a small surplus in 
2023 (0.7% of GDP), since the burden of most extraordinary measures enacted during 2020-2021 has 
dissipated, while strong GDP growth (estimated at 5.6% year-on-year in 2022 and 1.8% year-on-year in 2023, 
according to the Ministry of Finance) is expected to support revenue (Sources: ELSTAT, Fiscal Data, October 
2022 and Ministry of Finance, Budget 2023, November 2022, in Greek. The Hellenic Republic’s gross General 
Government debt is estimated to have spiked to 206.3% of GDP in 2020, a year earlier than previously 
anticipated, and declined to 194.5% of GDP in 2021, while it is expected to reduce further to 168.9% of GDP 
in 2022 and 159.3% of GDP in 2023, supported by robust GDP growth and the earlier repayment in 2022 of 
€3.8 billion of debt categories with higher servicing costs in 2022 (International Monetary Fund (IMF) loan 
part of €1.2 billion already paid in April 2022, while Greek Loan Facility (GLF) part of €2.6 billion is expected 
to be paid in December 2022) (Sources: ELSTAT, Fiscal Data, October 2022 and Ministry of Finance, Budget 
2023, November 2022, in Greek). Although the agreement with the European institutions and the extremely 
benign terms of official loans, along with the historically low Greek government bond yields, ensure a 
manageable path for the debt-servicing cost of the Hellenic Republic, nonetheless, there are some significant 
contingent liabilities for the State. These potential liabilities which are mainly related to the additional cost of 
liquidity measures (€1.5 billion of government guarantees granted in 2020-2021, along with the €17.9 billion 
of guarantees provided by the Greek State for securitisations of bank’s non-performing exposures (NPEs) 
under the Hellenic Asset Protection scheme until September 2021 (also known as “Hercules” – according to 
which the State provides a guarantee for the senior, less risky notes of the securitisation vehicle and in 
exchange receives a commission at market terms)) could give rise to additional fiscal risks in the medium term 
and potentially cause a deterioration in leverage metrics and the debt servicing capacity of the private sector 
in the event that a part of these guarantees is called or if the Greek State becomes obliged to include part of 
this cost pre-emptively in public debt on prudency grounds (Source: Ministry of Finance, Budget 2023, 
November 2022, in Greek). 
Latest developments in 2022 and challenges 
Economic activity in Greece remained on an upward trend in the first nine months of 2022, showing resilience 
to the increasing headwinds from surging inflation and severe geopolitical uncertainty, buoyed by strong 
tourism, additional energy-related fiscal support and self-sustained improvements in the labor market and 
business environment. Greece’s GDP growth reached 5.9% year-on-year in the first nine months of 2022 (latest 
available historical data), and remained one of the highest in the Euro area, despite its significant slowing to 
2.8% year-on-year in the third quarter of 2022 (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 3rd Quarter 
2022, Press Release, December 2022). 
This recovery was broad-based, with private consumption increasing by a solid 9.5% year-on-year in the first 
nine months of 2022, in constant price terms – buoyed by a strong labor market (employment up by 6.1% year-
on-year in the first ten months of 2022 and unemployment at an almost 13-year high of 11.6% in October 
2022) – remaining resilient to the inflation shock, as government support measures and private sector’s sizeable 
liquidity buffers helped cushion the inflation drag on real disposable income (Source: ELSTAT, Quarterly 
National Accounts, 3rd Quarter 2022, Press Release, December 2022 and Labor Market statistics). Business 
profits and other earnings from unincorporated business activity rose by 14.0% year-on-year in the first half 
of 2022, to the highest level, in absolute terms, since the first half of 2011 (Source:  ELSTAT, Quarterly Non-
Financial Sector Accounts, 2nd Quarter 2022, Press Release, October 2022). Boding well for future growth, 
gross fixed capital formation rose by 10.2% year-on-year in the first nine months of 2022, reaching 13.6% as

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
a percentage of GDP from 10.8% in 2019 and 12.0% in 2020 (Source:  ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 
3rd Quarter 2022, Press Release, December 2022). 
Tourism provided a decisive impulse to economic growth, with latest trends presaging a new all-time high for 
revenue (already up by €6.9 billion year-on-year in the first nine months of 2022, to 96.9% of the first nine 
months of 2019 level) (Source: Bank of Greece, Balance of Payment Statistics). 
Most of the indicators of economic activity in high frequency remained in expansion territory in the third 
quarter of 2022, despite their weakening in quarter on quarter terms compared with the second quarter of 2022, 
showing higher resilience than the euro area average to the more intense and persistent inflation pressures. 
Natural gas prices, as measured by Dutch Title Transfer Facility (TTF) contracts, spiked to a new all-time 
high in August 2022, posing sharp upward pressure on wholesale electricity market prices, which has been 
partly offset by increased government subsidies. 
Fiscal support to households and firms to cushion energy crisis impact in 2022 is estimated at close to €10.7 
billion, in gross value terms, mostly comprising of subsidies to electricity bills and other energy-related support 
(Source: Ministry of Finance, Budget 2023, November 2022, in Greek). Thus, the Government Budget for 
2023, submitted to Parliament on 21 January 2022, envisages a significant decline in the General Government 
primary deficit in 2022 to 1.6% of GDP, and a return to a primary surplus of 0.7% of GDP in 2023 (Source: 
Ministry of Finance, Budget 2023, November 2022, in Greek). Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation in Greece 
slowed down to 9.1% year-on-year in October 2022, after a peak to 12.0% year-on-year in September 2022 
due to a spike in domestic natural gas prices to an all-time high in September that reflected, with a one-month 
lag, the record high level of TTF market prices in August. Developments in the energy front remain a key risk 
factor for inflation and economic conditions in general, despite some easing of tensions in natural gas markets 
in October 2022. Against this backdrop, the Federal Reserve System (Fed) and the ECB are speeding up 
monetary policy tightening, with markets expecting aggressive policy rate hikes until December 2022 to pose 
additional pressure on equity and fixed-income market valuations (Source: ELSTAT, Consumer Price Index, 
October 2022, Press Release, November 2022). 
The above-described favourable trends until the first nine months of 2022 led the Bank’s estimate for Greece’s 
GDP growth in 2022 to above 5.0% year-on-year, while government and official sector forecasts (IMF) have 
also been revised upwards to 5.6% and 5.2% year-on-year, respectively, from 3.1% and 3.5% year-on-year, 
previously (Sources: Ministry of Finance, Budget 2023, November 2022, in Greek, Ministry of Finance, 
Stability Programme 2022, April 2022 and IMF, World Economic Outlook Databases, October 2022 and April 
2022). 
Nevertheless, economic prospects for 2023 have deteriorated in the face of persistent energy challenges, 
ongoing geopolitical turbulence and an increasingly hawkish tone by the ECB and the Fed, which reveal their 
determination to risk a recession through additional interest rate hikes, in order to combat inflation and re-
anchor inflation expectations. Moreover, financial market conditions remain volatile, as market participants 
attempt to assess the final impact of inflation and monetary tightening on economic and business conditions. 
Furthermore, there is some risk of emergence of new, more contagious, COVID-19 variants, which could 
weigh on economic activity, especially on the revived services segment, in a period where margins for 
additional fiscal support are very limited. 
Potential downside risks from the above factors on the private sector’s financial position and asset valuations 
could have an adverse effect on the Group and the financial sector as a whole. For further information, see 
“The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-term 
competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not lead to the 
intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt 
sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing and legacy effects from multiple 
sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects” below.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-term 
competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not lead to the 
intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt 
sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of the ongoing and legacy effects from multiple 
sources of stress that affect the economy, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects 
Over the past decade, the Hellenic Republic has undertaken significant structural measures intended to restore 
competitiveness and promote economic growth in Greece through the financial support programmes agreed 
with the IMF, the ECB, the ESM and the EC (the Institutions). A programme was initially agreed in May 
2010 (the First Programme, Source: IMF Country Report No. 10/110, May 2010) and was renewed by way 
of a second economic adjustment programme in March 2012 and further amended pursuant to Eurogroup 
decisions of November 2012 (the Second Programme, Sources: IMF, Country Report No. 12/57, March 2012, 
European Commission, Occasional paper on Greece March 2012 and Eurogroup Statement on Greece, 
November 2012). The First Programme and the Second Programme established, through related financial 
facility agreements signed between the Hellenic Republic, the participating Eurozone countries, the European 
Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) and the IMF, financing intended to fully cover the Hellenic Republic’s 
external financing needs until the end of 2014, conditioned on the implementation of a number of fiscal 
adjustment policies and growth enhancing structural reforms. On 8 December 2014, the Eurogroup announced 
a “technical extension” of the EU side of the Second Programme to the end of February 2015 (Source: 
Eurogroup statement, 8 December 2014). On 20 February 2015, the Eurogroup agreed to a four month 
extension of the Master Financial Assistance Facility Agreement (MFFA) underpinning the Second 
Programme (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 20 February 2015). 
On 19 August 2015, the Hellenic Republic entered into a MoU with the EC and the ESM for the provision of 
further stability support accompanied by the Third Programme. The Third Programme was designed to support 
a sustainable fiscal consolidation and promote key structural reforms (Source: ESM, Press Releases, 20 
August, 2015). On 21 June 2018, the Eurogroup confirmed the successful conclusion of the fourth review and, 
therefore, the effective completion of the Third Programme, and also welcomed the commitment of the Greek 
authorities to continue with and complete all key reforms adopted under the Third Programme (Source: 
Eurogroup Statement, 22 June 2018). On 11 July 2018, following the preceding Eurogroup agreement, the EC 
adopted the decision on the activation of enhanced surveillance for Greece, under Article 2(1) of the EU 
Regulation 472/2013, for a renewable period of six months. The Hellenic Republic officially concluded its 
three-year ESM financial assistance programme on 20 August 2018 (Source: ESM, Press Release, 20 August 
2018). The Enhanced Surveillance Framework has entered into force, following the Third Programme 
completion on 20 August 2018, and has been designed to support the completion, delivery and continuity of 
reforms that Greece has committed to implement under the Third Programme, ensuring a smooth transition of 
the economy to normalcy and maintaining a high degree of credibility (Source: European Commission, 
Commission Implementing Decision of 11 July 2018 on the activation of enhanced surveillance for Greece).  
These remaining reforms are mainly related to the areas of fiscal efficiency, structural reforms, social welfare, 
financial stability, labour and product markets efficiency, privatisation and public administration and could 
impose further constraints on economic activity and could result in weaker than initially expected GDP growth 
outcomes in future years. Despite the completion of the Third Programme, the stabilisation of economic 
activity and the improvement in economic sentiment, the financial position of the private sector has been 
severely impaired by the multi-year recession and the COVID-19 pandemic, factors that are expected to 
continue to have an adverse impact on economic conditions in the Hellenic Republic. The last (fourteenth) 
Enhanced Surveillance Report released in May 2022 paved the way for Greece’s official exit from the Enhance 
Surveillance Procedure in August 2022 - however, under the obligation of continuing the structural reforms 
under the post Program monitoring framework along with the national Recovery and Resilience Plan (RRP) - 
while acknowledging Greece’s progress achieved in certain areas and specific commitments that have been 
completed (Sources: European Commission, Enhanced Surveillance Report, May 2022 and Eurogroup 
statement on Greece on 16 June 2022). However a new increase in uncertainty in the event that Greece deviates 
from its fiscal and reform targets agreed under the EU’s government mechanisms as well as in the context of

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
the RRF and/or unexpected downside pressures on economic activity and the financial position of the private 
sector and asset valuations imposed by the ongoing inflation crisis and lagged effects of previous crises could 
have a material adverse impact on the Bank’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.  
Moreover, if the benefits from the significant economic adjustment and structural reforms to Greece’s 
economic performance are smaller than initially expected, and/or the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and/or the ongoing energy/inflation crisis and geopolitical turbulence are more protracted than currently 
envisaged and extend beyond 2023, they could further weaken Greece’s fiscal position, weigh on sovereign 
risk premia and on banking system performance, including the performance of the Group, and create 
uncertainties, bringing forward the need for additional interventions for public debt. 
Conditions in the banking sector  
The Greek sovereign debt crisis had a substantial impact on the real economy and the Greek banking sector, 
leading to a multi-year deleveraging – in the period 2008-2017 credit to private sector growth declined by 
26.3% cumulatively – and a sharp contraction of private sector deposits (by €98.6 billion between 2008 and 
2017). However, clear signs of improvement started to show from 2018 onwards, with credit growth entering 
positive territory and private sector deposits returning on an upward trend. Bank credit to corporations 
increased by 0.9% per annum, on average, in 2018-2019 and private sector deposits by €16.9 billion 
cumulatively in the same period. Notably, the banking system showed remarkable resilience to the COVID-
19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021. In fact, credit to the corporate sector recorded its strongest expansion since the 
beginning of the Greek crisis in 2009, with the annual credit growth to non-financial corporations at 10.0% in 
2020, 3.7% in 2021 and 12.3% in the first nine months of 2022, corresponding to a cumulative net flow of 
lending of €14.3 billion over this period. Total annual credit growth to the private sector has been more subdued 
at 3.5% in 2020, 1.4% in 2021 and 6.0% in the first nine months of 2022, due to the continuing deleveraging 
in the household sector.  
Private sector deposits recorded an impressive increase of €41.5 billion between January 2020 and September 
2022 (+€4.7 billion in the first nine months of 2022), with corporate deposits increasing by €19.9 billion and 
household deposits by €21.6 billion in this period (Source: Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking Statistics). 
Notably, the increase in deposits is, mainly, attributed to: i) the cash accumulation of the more competitive 
and resilient firms, which experienced a rapid increase in their turnover; ii) lower outflows, due to the debt 
moratoria and the tax deferrals in 2020-21 but also permanent tax reductions; iii) supportive labour market 
conditions, with average employment growth at 5.9% year-on-year in 2021 and 6.5% year-on-year in the first 
nine months of 2022 and private sector disposable income growth at 10.3% year-on-year and 8.7% year-on-
year, respectively, in 2021 and the first half of 2022 (Sources: ELSTAT, Labour Force Survey database and 
ELSTAT, Quarterly Non-Financial Sector Accounts database); iv) the extension of credit lines to corporates; 
and v) the diffusion of liquidity related to State support measures, EU funding and accelerating Foreign Direct 
Investment (FDI) inflows. 
NPLs rose sharply during the multi-year crisis, with the NPL ratio peaking at 49.1% in the first quarter of 2017 
and starting to gradually decline in 2018-first half of 2022, on the back of synchronised bank efforts and 
government support through the provision of guarantees to loan securitisations. Greek banks have securitised 
or sold NPLs in recent years reducing total NPL ratio by about 39% from the 2017 peak, to 10.0% in the first 
semester of 2022. The progress has been supported by the activation of the state-sponsored Hellenic Asset 
Protection Scheme (Hercules), which provided government guarantees for the senior tranches of the bank’s 
NPEs securitisations with an upper limit of guarantees of €12 billion on the senior tranches of securitisations. 
In April 2021, this Scheme was extended until October 2022, under the “Hercules II” programme, with the 
provision of another €12 billion of guarantees on the senior tranches of securitisations, in order to speed up 
the final phase of clearance of bank portfolios (Source: Hellenic Financial Stability Fund). 
However, adverse legacy effects and the challenges surrounding the successful workout of the NPLs 
transferred to NPL-servicing companies will continue to affect banking activity. The financial position of a 
significant share of households and enterprises remains weak and has been further stressed by COVID-19,

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
despite the significant State support. Although the impact of the COVID-19 crisis and the still evolving 
inflation and energy crisis on the private sector’s debt servicing behaviour remains limited, with most debtors 
– even those that take advantage of temporary relief schemes – servicing their debt in 2021, the legacy effects 
of the multi-year crisis continue to weigh on the financing position of a significant part of private sector 
entities. Despite the rapid pace of disposals of NPLs by Greek banks and the concomitant significant reduction 
of the NPL ratio, the amount of impaired assets and the number of overleveraged entities remain significantly 
higher than the euro area average at an economy-wide level if take into account the total amount of obligations 
of the private sector towards the State, the banking sector, loan servicing companies and B2B exposures. The 
above factors, in conjunction with the sizeable stock of private sector tax and social security contribution 
arrears, as well as the relatively low private saving rate – compared to other euro area countries – impose 
additional risks on banking activity and portfolio quality. All these entities are unlikely to face a rapid 
improvement in their creditworthiness and liquidity position in the near term and by delaying or cancelling 
potential spending decisions will continue to slow the recovery process of the economy and impede the 
recovery of asset valuations. 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and could lead to a higher cost of funding or the inability of the Bank to raise capital. 
The ability of the Hellenic Republic to service its outstanding debt depends on a variety of factors, including 
the overall health of the Greek economy, the GDP growth rate that can be achieved in future years, the 
maintenance of sound fiscal and current account positions and the provision by the official lenders of additional 
concessions for lowering debt-servicing costs. The extraordinary reversal of the fiscal position as a 
consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting deep recession led to a significant deterioration in 
Government deficit and debt figures in 2020, which was however reversed in the course of 2021 and 2022, 
with the General Government primary deficit at 5.0% of GDP in 2021 and estimated at 1.6% of GDP for 2022 
(Source: Ministry of Finance, Budget 2023, November 2022). Nonetheless, ongoing geopolitical tensions, high 
inflation and energy challenges, and the rapid monetary policy tightening by central banks, along with some 
risk of resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic, increase the probability of stagflation in the euro area in 2023. In 
the event of the re-emergence of the need for an additional restructuring of the Hellenic Republic’s debt, owing 
to adverse conditions arising from the foregoing or other influences, the Bank’s regulatory capital would be 
severely affected due to its direct exposure to Hellenic Republic debt as well as due to the indirect effects of 
the credit event on the Bank’s borrowers (and thus asset quality) and on investor confidence, requiring the 
Bank to raise additional capital. In addition, if the Hellenic Republic were to default on its debt obligations to 
the Bank, the latter could suffer losses and require further capital. There can be no assurance that, under the 
above described stress conditions, the Bank could raise any or all of the required additional capital on 
acceptable terms. 
The Bank’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected by, and 
there may be further material adverse consequences to the Group of, any future downgrades of the Hellenic 
Republic’s credit rating. 
The capacity of the Hellenic Republic to maintain continuous access to market financing at competitive costs 
is an important element of Greece’s economic and financial recovery and will be closely related to the financial 
conditions of the private sector in the coming years. The terms of this access remain also dependent on 
international economic conditions and sources of financial risk, as well as on the prospective path of domestic 
disposable income and Greek asset valuations. As acknowledged by all major rating agencies, the significant 
size of the Greek State’s cash buffer, along with the very long maturity of the debt and affordable debt-
servicing terms, offset the risks from the temporary increase in the debt ratio to GDP due to the COVID-19 
shock. On that note and in response to the remarkable progress in fiscal adjustment and macroeconomic 
recovery, the distance of the Hellenic Republic’s rating from the investment grade territory has been narrowed 
to 1 notch by S&P, Scope and DBRS, while Fitch and Moody’s ratings range between 2 and 3 notches away 
from investment grade, respectively. In particular, S&P Global Ratings upgraded Greece’s long-term 
sovereign rating to “BB+” on 22 April 2022, with a stable outlook, affirming its long- and short-term sovereign 
credit ratings on Greece on 21 October 2022 and citing the country’s overperformance and proven policy

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
effectiveness. In addition, Fitch Ratings affirmed Greece’s credit rating at “BB” on 7 October 2022, 
maintaining a positive outlook, while Moody’s Ratings and DBRS Morningstar affirmed Greece’s long-term 
sovereign ratings at “Ba3” and “BB (high)”, respectively, with a stable outlook, on 16 September 2022, 
recognising the country’s economic resilience and fiscal and debt sustainability, despite the increasing global 
risks (Sources: S&P Ratings, Fitch Global Ratings and Moody’s press releases on Greek Sovereign outlook). 
Nevertheless, there are still considerable uncertainties surrounding the prospective pace of improvement in the 
country’s sovereign rating, which is also closely related to the private sector’s creditworthiness. 
The rating agencies note that the probability of new downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s rating could re-
appear in the event of an emergence of doubts about the country’s commitment to maintaining a sound fiscal 
position and in case of the country’s failure to reduce government debt as a percentage of GDP over the short 
term, in the event of, for example, a more pronounced and longer period of fiscal easing and weak economic 
performance. A stabilisation or even a downgrade of the Hellenic Republic’s rating may also occur if official 
sector lenders waiver from their commitment to conditionally provide further relief to the Hellenic Republic’s 
debt servicing costs over a medium-to-long term horizon, if needed, in the future, as the activation or not of 
this package is conditional on the debt sustainability review planned at the end of the extended grace period 
on the specific part of the EFSF loans in 2032 (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 24 May 2018). Moreover, in 
their latest assessment of the Greek economy, the rating agencies refer to the considerable uncertainty 
surrounding the macroeconomic and fiscal impact of a potential need for additional government spending 
arising from higher-than-expected energy prices, a protracted period of heightened political uncertainty 
weighing on business sentiment and FDI, a deeper-than-expected recession in the euro area, and a sharp 
deterioration of the banking sector's health with new flows of NPLs that could increase risks to public finances 
and the real economy and trigger a negative rating action. 
Should any downgrades occur or rating outlooks turn negative, the financing costs of the Hellenic Republic 
would increase and its access to market financing could be disrupted, with negative effects on the cost of 
capital for Greek banks (including the Bank) and the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating could also result in a corresponding 
downgrade in the Bank’s credit rating and, as a result, increase wholesale borrowing costs and the Bank’s 
access to liquidity. 
A material outflow of customer deposits, particularly retail deposits, an inability to attract new deposits, or 
an inability to contain the cost of deposits over time, could materially impact the Group’s liquidity position 
and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results and financial condition. 
Historically, the Group’s principal source of funds has been customer deposits. Since the Group relies on 
customer deposits for the majority of its funding, if its depositors withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the 
rate at which borrowers repay their loans, or if the Group is unable to obtain the necessary liquidity by 
increasing its funding under the facilities of the ECB, it may be unable to maintain its current levels of liquidity 
without incurring significantly higher funding costs or having to liquidate certain of its assets, or without 
resorting to funding from the Bank of Greece and the ECB under emergency liquidity assistance schemes. 
Although the Group’s domestic deposits stabilised in 2016, followed by an increasing trend from 2017 to 2020 
there can be no assurance that outflows will not occur in the future. 
The on-going availability of customer deposits to fund the Group is subject to changes due to factors outside 
its control, such as significant deterioration in economic conditions in Greece, depositors’ concerns relating to 
the Greek economy, the financial services industry or the Bank specifically. Any loss in customer confidence 
in the Group’s banking businesses, or the banking sector in general, could significantly increase the amount 
of customer deposit withdrawals and increase the cost of deposits in a short period. 
Any of these factors separately or in combination could lead to a sustained reduction in the Group’s ability to 
access deposit funding in the future and significantly higher funding costs, which would impact the Group’s 
ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements and have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s liquidity results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
The phasing out of the pandemic collateral easing measures and potential changes in the collateral acceptance 
rules for Greek Government Bonds may have a material impact on the Group’s liquidity. 
The ECB adopted in April 2020 a package of temporary collateral easing measures to facilitate the availability 
of eligible collateral for Eurosystem counterparties to participate in liquidity-providing operations, such as the 
targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTRO-III), as a response to the coronavirus emergency. The 
measures collectively support the provision of bank lending. This has been achieved through: 
(a) 
the expansion of the additional credit claims (ACCs) frameworks. The ACC frameworks provide the 
possibility for National Central Banks to enlarge the scope of eligible credit claims for counterparties 
in their jurisdictions. This includes the possibility to accept loans with lower credit quality, loans to 
other types of debtors, not accepted in the ECB’s general framework, and foreign-currency loans. 
(b) 
A waiver of the minimum credit quality requirement for marketable debt instruments issued by the 
Hellenic Republic for acceptance as collateral in Eurosystem credit operations. 
(c) 
A general reduction of collateral valuation haircuts by a fixed factor of 20%. 
The ECB decided on March 2022, to gradually phase out these measures and gradually restore Eurosystem’s 
pre-pandemic risk tolerance. From July 2022, the ECB halved the temporary reduction in collateral valuation 
haircuts across all assets from the current 20% adjustment to 10%. In June 2023 the ECB expects to implement 
a new valuation haircut schedule based on its pre-pandemic risk tolerance level for credit operations, phasing 
out the remaining general 10% reduction in collateral valuation haircuts. In March 2024 the ECB will in 
principle phase out the remaining pandemic collateral easing measures related to ACC frameworks, following 
a comprehensive review. 
Notwithstanding the above, the ECB has decided to continue to accept as eligible collateral Greek government 
bonds (GGBs) that do not satisfy the Eurosystem’s minimum credit quality requirements but fulfil all other 
applicable eligibility criteria, for at least as long as reinvestments in GGBs under the pandemic emergency 
purchase programme (PEPP) continue, currently defined as at least until the end of 2024. 
If the ECB were to revise their respective collateral standards and remove GGBs from being accepted as 
eligible collateral, the Group’s access to the ECB’s liquidity-providing operations could be adversely affected, 
as the amount of funding available from the ECB is tied to the collateral the Group has provided. In addition, 
if the ECB were to revise collateral haircuts and the value of the Group’s eligible assets declined, then the 
amount of funding the Group can obtain from the ECB would be proportionally limited. Increases in past due 
loans will also negatively affect the available collateral used for funding purposes (see also “Deteriorating 
asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and 
may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes” below). 
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes. 
A substantial portion of the Group’s loans and advances to corporate and individual borrowers are secured by 
collateral such as real estate, securities, vessels, term deposits and receivables. In particular, as mortgage loans 
are one of the Group’s principal assets, the Group is currently highly exposed to developments in the real estate 
markets, especially in Greece. The Greek real estate market has shown increasing signs of revival since 2018, 
with residential valuations posting further increases of 7.2% in 2019, 4.5% in 2020 despite the pandemic, 7.5% 
in 2021 and 9.3% in H12022, while prices of prime commercial spaces (average of retail and office prices) 
increased by 3.1% in the same period (average 2019-2020-2021) (Sources: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of 
Conjunctural Indicators, September-October 2022 and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database).  
The residential market exhibited a high degree of resilience in 2020 and in 2021, despite the negative effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic with the upward trend maintained in H1:2022 (9.3% in residential). House prices

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
rose by 4.5% year-on-year in 2020, 7.5% year-on-year in 2021 and 9.3% in the first half of 2022. The Athens 
area continued to outperform the market average with prices increasing by 9.6% on average per annum in 
2020-H1:2021 compared to 8.4% respectively for the market average. House prices have appreciated by 33.3% 
from their lowest point in the third quarter of 2017 until, while prices in the region of Athens have risen by 
47.8% from their lowest point in the first quarter of 2017 (Source: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of Conjunctural 
Indicators, September-October 2022 and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). The resilience of the real 
estate market reflects the support from pent-up demand and limited supply of new buildings, which has been 
buoyed by a reactivation demand from abroad in 2021-22 – including indirect effects of revived tourism on 
demand for short-term renting as well as though outright purchases by non-residents. Construction activity 
started to respond to rising demand, increasing by 3.9% year-on-year in 2020, 14.9% year-on-year in 2021 and 
16.5% year-on-year in the first nine months of 2022 on the back of higher residential construction and public 
works activity (Source:  ELSTAT, Quarterly National Accounts, 3rd  Quarter 2022, Press Release, December 
2022). 
Accordingly, downside risks remain considerable given a still sizeable backlog of unsold houses and relatively 
high effective tax burden, despite a significant reduction in the unified property tax (ENFIA) in 2019 and 2022 
and a further suspension of the VAT rate on new buildings and of the capital gains tax rate on property that is 
currently proposed until 2024.  
Downside risks mainly related to the scarring effects of the pandemic and to the evolving inflation shock and 
the concomitant increase in interest rates on mortgage loans, which could lead to a persistent difference in the 
speed of the recovery, weighing on the private sector’s financial position and economic sentiment. These 
developments could lead to a deterioration of economic and business conditions in sectors and activities in 
which the Group’s borrowers operate, or in the market of the collateral, which may result in the value of 
collateral falling below the outstanding principal balance for some loans. A decline in the value of collateral 
or the Group’s ability to obtain additional collateral, may require the Group to establish additional allowance 
for loan losses.  
The value of assets collateralising the Group’s secured loans, including residential and other real estate, 
remains highly sensitive in the event of re-emergence of pressure on real estate valuations. In the scenario of 
a re-emergence of pressure on real estate market activity and valuations, the financial performance and 
creditworthiness of the Group’s borrowers could worsen and an increase in the level of the Group’s past-due 
loans could occur, having a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
An increase in financial market volatility or adverse changes in the marketability of the Group’s assets could 
impair the Group’s ability to value certain of its assets and exposures. The value the Group ultimately realises 
will depend on the fair value determined at that time and may be materially different from current value. Any 
decrease in the value of such assets and exposures could require the Group to realise additional impairment 
charges, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations, as well as its 
capital adequacy. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank’s capital will be sufficient, in particular if economic conditions in 
Greece do not improve or if they deteriorate further. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank will not require further capital in future periods in order to continue 
to meet its capital adequacy requirements (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece –EU-wide 
stress test 2022”). 
The potential deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s assets as a result of the economic implications 
from the COVID-19 crisis, may exceed current expectations, lead to additional impairments in the future which 
may result in higher losses than currently anticipated, or the regulators may otherwise increase their 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) asset quality requirements for the Group. Any of these 
consequences may in turn generate the need for the Group to raise additional capital.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
Further to the above, the four systemic Banks in Greece (Alpha Bank, the Bank, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank) 
on 31 July 2018 entered into a servicing agreement with a credit institution specialised in the servicing of 
NPLs, doBank S.p.A (doBank). This agreement is part of the strategic framework of the Greek systemic banks 
to reduce their NPEs by protecting the viability of small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) and supporting 
the recovery of the Greek economy. 
To the extent that part of the NPE decrease is achieved through sales of loans at prices below their net carrying 
amount, the Group may recognize additional charges in such periods. If the levels of additional charges are 
significant, the Group could be required to raise additional capital to absorb any losses. 
Furthermore, the Group anticipates that stress tests or other supervisory exercises analysing the strength and 
resilience of the European banking sector will continue to be carried out by national and supranational 
supervisory authorities in future periods. (See also “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – EU-wide 
stress test 2022”).  
Loss of confidence in the European banking sector following the announcement of any future stress tests, a 
market perception that any such tests are not sufficiently rigorous or capital shortfalls identified by such stress 
tests or by any other supervisory exercises that assess the classification and provisioning practices applied by 
the Group could also have a negative effect on the Group’s operations and financial condition. Furthermore, 
the results of any stress tests or other supervisory exercises may result in a requirement for the Group to raise 
additional capital. 
There is uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a “going concern”. 
The going concern basis of the Bank is dependent on access to the Eurosystem facilities, the Bank’s and the 
Group’s CET1 ratio exceeding the OCR and recent developments regarding the Greek economy, including the 
latest estimates regarding macroeconomic indicators and measures that have been adopted from 2020 in order 
to provide support to the European banking system and to the Greek economy in dealing with COVID-19. 
Management concluded that the Bank is a going concern and that the application of the going concern principle 
for the preparation of the interim financial statements as at 30 September 2022 is appropriate after considering 
(a) the significant profitability of the Group (b) the current level of ECB funding solely from Targeted Long-
term Refinancing Operations (TLTROs) and the current access to the Eurosystem facilities with significant 
collateral buffer and Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) which is well 
above 100% (c) the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio at 30 September 2022 which exceeded the 
Overall Capital Requirements (OCR), (d) the extensive and continuous fiscal and monetary support of the 
European and Greek authorities in response to the unprecedented COVID-19 crisis, e) the activation of new 
fiscal measures in response to pressures from increased inflation and (f) the Group’s insignificant exposure to 
Russia and Ukraine and Management’s actions with respect to the crises (see Note 21 “Ukraine crisis”). 
Economic prospects for 2023 have deteriorated in the face of persistent energy challenges, ongoing 
geopolitical turbulence and an increasingly hawkish tone by the ECB and the Fed, which reveal their 
determination to risk a recession through additional interest rate hikes, in order to combat inflation and re-
anchor inflation expectations. Moreover, financial market conditions remain volatile, as market participants 
attempt to assess the final impact of inflation and monetary tightening on economic and business conditions. 
Furthermore, there is some risk of emergence of new, more contagious, COVID-19 variants, which could 
weigh on economic activity, especially on the revived services segment, in a period where margins for 
additional fiscal support are very limited. Each of these considerations may create uncertainty about the Bank’s 
ability to continue as a going concern 
For additional information on the going concern analysis carried out by the Bank, please refer to “Note 2.2: 
Going concern” of the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, “Note 2.2: Going concern” of the June 2022 Interim 
Financial Statements and “Note 2.2: Going concern” of the September 2022 Interim Financial Statements, 
each of which is incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
If the Bank were to assess that the upcoming financial statements could not be prepared on a going-concern 
basis, whether as a result of the considerations discussed above, or due to new considerations or risks, such 
event would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects and the ability of the Bank to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Bank’s Recapitalisation and Receipt of State Aid 
As a recipient of state aid, the Bank’s operational autonomy is constrained.  
As a result of recapitalisations in 2013 and 2015, each of which included State Aid within the meaning of 
applicable EU legislation, and in order for the HFSF to fulfil its objectives under the HFSF Law (as defined 
below), exercise its rights and obligations and comply with the commitments undertaken through the Financial 
Assistance Facility Agreement (FFA) signed on 19 August 2015 by and between the ESM, the Hellenic 
Republic, the Bank of Greece and the HFSF and the MoU signed on 19 August 2015 between the ESM, on 
behalf of the European Commission, the Hellenic Republic and the Bank of Greece, the HFSF and the Bank 
entered into a revised relationship framework agreement dated 3 December 2015 (the Relationship 
Framework Agreement), which amended the initial relationship framework agreement dated 10 July 2013 
between the Bank and the HFSF (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece –The Hellenic Financial 
Stability Fund – The Greek Recapitalisation Framework – Relationship Framework Agreement”).  
Under European State Aid rules, the Bank had undertaken certain commitments, among others, setting out 
restrictions, as well as certain procedures that the Bank had to follow (the Commitments) and in 2015 
submitted a Revised Restructuring Plan which was approved by the Directorate General for Competition on 4 
December 2015 (the 2015 Revised Restructuring Plan). On 10 May 2019, the Directorate General for 
Competition of the European Commission approved the Bank’s 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan (as defined 
in “Description of the Group – History and Development of the Group – 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan)” 
and, together with the 2015 Revised Restructuring Plan, the Revised Restructuring Plans and each a Revised 
Restructuring Plan).  
Furthermore, the Commitments of the Hellenic Republic towards the European Commission also provided for 
the appointment of a monitoring trustee (the Monitoring Trustee) for each bank under restructuring, including 
the Bank. The Monitoring Trustee acted on behalf of the European Commission and aimed to ensure the 
compliance of the Bank with such Commitments and oversaw the implementation of restructuring plans and 
the Bank’s compliance with the applicable State Aid rules. As communicated by Directorate General for 
Competition in June 2022, the restructuring period and the mandate of the Monitoring Trustee for NBG has 
ended, as NBG complied with its commitments with the exception of the run-off of NBG Egypt. It is noted 
that the size of asset deleveraging remaining in NBG Egypt is very limited compared to the overall assets NBG 
deleveraged, and that NBG exceeded the overall level of deleveraging required by the commitments of its 
Restructuring Plan. The effort to complete the wind-down of NBG Egypt is in progress (see p. 14 of the June 
2022 Interim Financial Statements under “Board of Directors’ Report – 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”, as 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (HFSF), as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation 
of the Bank and has, and will continue to have, the ability to exercise significant influence over the Group’s 
operations.  
Under the Relationship Framework Agreement governing the relationship between the Bank and the HFSF, 
the HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Bank. Although the Relationship 
Framework Agreement provides that the Bank’s decision making bodies will continue to determine 
independently, among other things, the Bank’s commercial strategy and policy, the monitoring and veto 
powers held by the HFSF representative appointed to the Board of Directors (appointed since June 2012 
pursuant to Greek Law 3864/2010) restrict to a certain extent the discretion of the Bank’s management. 
Accordingly, as a result of the Bank’s participation in recapitalization programmes, the HFSF is able to

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
exercise on certain matters significant influence over the operations of the Bank (see “Regulation and 
Supervision of Banks in Greece”).  
Pursuant to the provisions of the HFSF Law and the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF’s 
appointed representative has powers to veto key corporate decisions of the Bank and exercise other powers 
relating to corporate governance.  
In addition to the provisions of the HFSF Law, and pursuant to the Relationship Framework Agreement, the 
HFSF has a series of information rights with respect to matters pertaining to the Bank. Additionally, as 
prescribed by the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF representative shall be appointed as member 
of all Board Committees, while the HFSF observer (who participates in the Board without voting rights) will 
also be appointed in all Committees. Finally, the Bank is obliged to obtain the prior approval of the HFSF on 
a number of material matters, determined in detail within the Relationship Framework Agreement.  
Consequently, there is a risk that the HFSF may exercise the rights it has to exert influence over the Bank and 
may disagree with certain of the Bank’s decisions relating to Board of Directors or other management 
appointments, dividend distributions, benefits policies and other commercial and management decisions which 
will ultimately limit the Group’s operational flexibility. 
As at 6 December 2022, the HFSF holds 369,468,775 common shares with voting rights, representing 40.39% 
of the Bank’s share capital. See “Description of the Group – Major Shareholders – Common Shares”.   
Risks relating to the Group’s Business 
The high level of NPEs has had and may continue to have in the future a negative impact on the Group’s 
operations. 
NPEs, post to Project “Frontier” derecognition and the Project “Frontier II” classification as Held for Sale 
represented 6.3% of the Group’s loans as at 30 June 2022 (compared to 7.0% (or 13.6% pro-forma, including 
the senior bond from the Frontier securitization) as at 31 December 2021 and 15.0% as at 31 December 2020). 
More specifically, NPE reduction continued in the first half of 2022, with the stock of domestic NPEs reduced 
further by €0.2 billion compared to 31 December 2021, to €2.1 billion, reflecting inorganic actions. Ex 
moratoria client performance remains better than expected (defaults <4% as of February 2022), despite the 
gradual conclusion of supportive measures due to COVID-19 pandemic. However, the effect of the prolonged 
war in Ukraine, the persistent energy challenges and the inflation pressures and the risk of emergence of new, 
more contagious, COVID-19 variants (see also “Our business may indirectly be impacted by the war between 
Russia and Ukraine”, “Persistent inflation pressures, compounded by a looming energy crisis and 
expectations of a significant deterioration in economic conditions worldwide, may have an adverse effect on 
our business”), as well as adverse macroeconomic conditions in the countries in which the Group operates 
may result in adverse effects on the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers, leading to delinquencies and 
defaults. Pursuant to the previously applicable regime under Greek Law 3869/2010, as amended and in force, 
individuals who were in a state of permanent inability to pay their debts not attributable to wilful misconduct, 
had the ability to adjust their debts and could be released from a portion of such debts through filing of an 
application to the competent court. Greek Law 4738/2020 has established, inter alia, a special regime for 
protecting main residences of eligible individuals who are considered to be vulnerable distressed debtors and 
a business debt settlement mechanism (see “Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals” and 
“Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral” under “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece”). At 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021, 21,077 and 29,688 NBG customers (excluding held for sale) 
that had applied to the court under the provisions of Greek Law 3869/2010 had outstanding balances of €634 
million and €726 million, respectively. In addition, the Group may not be able to enforce certain collateral in 
enforcement proceedings for real estate used as the main residence of the debtors, subject to certain conditions 
as described in “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted 
Collateral”. Future provisions for NPEs could have a materially adverse effect on the Group’s profitability.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
The COVID-19 outbreak is a new emerging risk and the Bank is unable to predict the ultimate impact from 
COVID-19 on the results of operations, prospects, financial condition and business of the Group. The financial 
strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have been and are expected to continue to be extensive in the 
Group’s markets, and deteriorating financial conditions in Greece have led to an increase, and will likely lead 
to further increases, in the Group’s credit impairments. Furthermore, uncertainty remains with regards to the 
extent and timing of the Greek and/or global economic recovery to pre-COVID-19 levels. The situation caused 
by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess, and the situation is changing rapidly. Therefore, substantial 
uncertainty remains as to the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s results of operations, 
prospects, financial condition and business in future periods. The ultimate impact, which may be material and 
adverse, will depend on ongoing developments in the pandemic, including the success of containment 
measures and other actions taken by the Greek and European authorities in response to the crisis, the possibility 
of further waves leading to the re-imposition of severe lockdown measures, the timing for effective 
containment of the virus, as well as the overall condition and outlook of the Greek and the global economies. 
See also “Description of the Group – COVID-19 outbreak – Risks and responses related to the COVID-19 
crisis”. 
Our business may indirectly be impacted by the war between Russia and Ukraine.  
On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, leading to an upsurge in geopolitical uncertainty and putting 
severe pressure on energy and non-energy market conditions. Rapidly rising energy and food prices have been 
combined with already existing supply-side inflation pressures that followed the COVID-19 recovery and 
prompted monetary authorities to adopt a more restrictive stance. Despite the activation of new fiscal measures 
to cushion the spike in inflation, and especially its energy-related aspects, this combination of adverse 
developments started to weigh on economic conditions and the sentiment of business and households. The 
extent of these effects will depend, to a great extent, on how the conflict evolves, as well as, on the capacity 
of the global and, especially, the European economy to tame inflation and timely differentiate its energy 
consumption-mix, and limit its dependence on Russian supply of oil, natural gas and other intermediate and 
primary goods. The invasion also escalated tensions between Russia and the U.S., NATO, the EU and the UK. 
The U.S. has imposed, and is likely to further impose, material additional, financial and economic sanctions 
and export controls against certain Russian organizations and/or individuals, with similar actions implemented 
by the EU and the UK and other jurisdictions. In the first half of 2022, the U.S., the EU and the UK, each 
imposed packages of financial and economic sanctions that, in various ways, constrain transactions with 
numerous Russian entities and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; investment, trade and 
financing to and from certain regions of Ukraine. However, the exclusion of Russian banks from SWIFT and 
the sanctions imposed on Russian persons and assets may have an adverse effect not only on Russian 
borrowers, increasing the risk of defaults, but also the global economy as a whole. 
The Group has taken all necessary measures to comply with sanctions imposed by the competent authorities. 
Management is closely monitoring the developments and assessing periodically the impact that these may have 
on the Group’s operations and financial position. The Group has no significant exposure in securities, interbank 
transactions (secured or unsecured), derivatives, or commercial transactions, related to Russia or Ukraine, or 
to the Ruble, or with any Bank or subsidiary that is domiciled in these countries. The Group also examined 
any indirect exposure through its corporate loan portfolio. As a result of the Ukrainian crisis, the expected 
impact from first order effects on the underlying obligors was deemed immaterial.  However, although the 
direct economic exposure of the Greek economy to the crisis zone (Russia, Ukraine) remains comparably low, 
the energy factor represents a significant risk for economic growth in Greece and the euro area as a whole, 
whereas a prolonged increase in geostrategic threats could impose significant pressures on the performance of 
other sectors of economic activity, including tourism. Moreover, additional and unexpected geopolitical and 
financial shocks could increase risk aversion, leading to a deferral of private spending decisions, especially for 
new investment on fixed capital, and could also put downward pressure on collateral values and could therefore 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of operations. The ongoing tightening of monetary 
policy, with ECB increasing its main policy rates by 2.25 percentage points between June and November 2022, 
and the reversal of extraordinary liquidity measures adopted during the pandemic, as inflation pressures appear

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
to be more intense and persistent than initially considered, are likely to put additional pressure on financial 
market conditions, borrowing costs, asset valuations and private sector sentiment. 
Potential increase of cyber risk due to new conditions introduced by the COVID-19 pandemic and the recent 
geopolitical events, regarding the Russia - Ukraine tension 
COVID-19 affected and continues to affect the global cybersecurity landscape. The increased usage of digital 
services during the pandemic, that is expected to remain increased even when the pandemic ends, in tandem 
with the dependence on technology make the technological infrastructure of financial institutions more 
efficient, but also more vulnerable to cyber-attacks. Advanced social engineering attacks, targeted phishing 
attacks, and the exploitation of special conditions created by working from home were on the rise during the 
reporting period. The Group has successfully identified and addressed the risks from the onset of the pandemic. 
Moreover, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, significant cyber activity has been 
noted. While the situation is evolving rapidly and the attack on Ukraine continues to widen, the Bank adopts 
a heightened posture when it comes to cybersecurity and the protection of its most critical assets. Controls are 
in place in order to reduce the likelihood of a damaging cyber intrusion, mechanisms to ensure that the Bank 
is prepared to respond if an intrusion occurs, whereas plans have been developed to maximize the Bank’s 
resilience to a destructive cyber incident. 
The Group safeguards its systems and processes and continuously monitors and develops them to protect its 
technology infrastructure and data from embezzlement. The Bank, in order to certify that it follows best 
practices regarding information security and to strength its security footprint, has been certified against ISO 
27001 for the scope of IT infrastructure and services. 
The digital global landscape is continuously changing and evolving, thus the risks related to information 
security in the banking sector are also increasing. 
Group’s cyber security systems continue to improve with the strengthening of detection, response, and 
protection mechanisms, in order to ensure high quality of customer service, protection of personal data, 
increase of service efficiency and secure business activity. See also “The Group’s information systems and 
networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and vulnerable to an increasing risk of continually 
evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks which could result in the unavailability of IT services or in 
the disclosure of confidential client or customer information, damage to its reputation, additional costs to it, 
regulatory penalties and financial losses”. 
The Group also continuously invests in infrastructure to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber threats. NBG 
already has in place a robust framework supported by experienced staff and appropriate IT infrastructure to 
minimize the probability of a cyber-intrusion. From the onset of the crisis, NBG has proactively augmented 
this framework with a significant number of preparedness and security enhancement actions which will help 
reduce the impact of any such attacks. However, such precautions may not be sufficient to avert cyber-attacks 
affecting the Group’s IT systems which, if successful, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations 
and business.  
Our businesses may be impacted from the persistent energy challenges and increased recession fears for the 
euro area 
The prolonged war in Ukraine remains a source of concern, resulting in increased macroeconomic uncertainty, 
causing a sharp rise in commodity prices and inflationary pressure, further global supply-chain disruption, a 
tightening of financial conditions, heightened uncertainty and a sharp drop in consumer confidence. More 
specifically, geopolitical risks are pushing energy prices upwards, due to the fact that Russia is currently the 
main supplier of natural gas to the European Union. Although the direct economic exposure of the Greek 
economy to the crisis zone (i.e., Russia and Ukraine) remains comparably low, the energy factor represents a 
significant risk for economic growth in Greece and the Euro area as a whole, whereas a prolonged increase of

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
geostrategic threats could impose significant pressures to the performance of other sectors of economic 
activity, including tourism. Moreover, additional – and unexpected – geopolitical and financial shocks could 
increase risk aversion, leading to a deferral of private spending decisions, especially for new investment on 
fixed capital, and could also put downward pressure on collateral values. Therefore, the war in Ukraine, in 
conjunction with the ongoing normalization in monetary policy by the ECB, that leads to more restrictive 
financial conditions, may adversely affect the value of assets collateralising secured loans, including houses 
and other real estate, where such a decline could result in impairment of its values or an increase in the level 
of the Bank's NPEs. Finally, the war in Ukraine may adversely affect South Eastern European countries where 
the NBG has certain subsidiaries and could therefore have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and results 
of operations.  
In light of the above, related assessments by the ECB (March 2022 and September 2022), indicate the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine will have a significant impact on economic activity and inflation, with rising energy and 
commodity prices, a disruption in international trade and weaker confidence as its main drivers. Energy-related 
pressures on economic activity and inflation have been proved more persistent than initially estimated, 
entailing an increasing probability of contraction in economic activity in the euro area by end-2022, as well as 
in early-2023. As inflation builds, the ECB is changing its monetary stance and the markets are repricing 
interest rate expectations, to embed stronger inflation pressures. Moreover, energy-security risks for the EU 
remain elevated, with a significant reduction in the pipeline flows of natural gas from Russia and/or compete 
interruption having already been recorded in the second semester of 2022. As regards the ongoing monetary 
policy tightening, on 9 June 2022, 21 July 2022, 8 September 2022 and 27 October 2022, the ECB raised the 
key policy interest rates by 25 basis points, 50 basis points, 75 basis points and another 75 basis points, 
respectively (Source: ECB, Monetary policy decisions, Press Release, 9 June 2022, 21 July 2022, 8 September 
2022 and 27 October 2022). Against a backdrop of a rising inflation hit on private sector disposable income 
and tightened monetary policy worldwide, expectations regarding the performance of the global economy 
remain uncertain in both the short and medium term. See further “Persistent inflation pressures, compounded 
by a looming energy crisis and expectations of a significant deterioration in economic conditions worldwide, 
may have an adverse effect on our business” below.  
Persistent inflation pressures, compounded by a looming energy crisis and expectations of a significant 
deterioration in economic conditions worldwide, may have an adverse effect on our business. 
The Group’s business and operations may be affected by the ongoing inflation surge, which started around 
mid-2021 – mostly reflecting a sluggish adjustment of the supply/production side of the global economy to the 
sharp rebound in activity that followed the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions – and has been amplified by the 
eruption of the crisis in Ukraine, as well as the subsequent stress in energy and non-energy commodity markets. 
Specifically, the buoyant response of global demand to the gradual reopening of economic activities worldwide 
from the pandemic-induced lockdowns – following a period of limited investment and a scaling down of 
production – set the stage for a spike in inflation. The Russian invasion of Ukraine and retaliatory sanctions 
since February 2022 led to new massive increases in energy costs and other international commodity prices, 
pushing inflation rates in most advanced economies around the world to the highest level since the early 1980s. 
In Greece, inflation started to increase in the third quarter of 2021, mainly due to rising import costs and food 
and energy products appreciation, with the annual increase in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) reaching 5.1% 
in December 2021. CPI growth spiked further in the first nine months of 2022 climbing to a 28-year high of 
12.1% year-on-year in June and 12.0% year-on-year in September, but slowed to 9.1% year-on-year in October 
(Source: ELSTAT, Consumer Price Index (CPI) Database). This upsurge follows a decade of very low or 
negative inflation in Greece, resulting from intensive economic adjustment and restrictive policies which have 
been accompanied by a significant contraction of economic activity and high unemployment. 
This observed surge in inflation is attributed to a variety of reasons, some of which have been magnified by 
the crisis in Ukraine, posing broader risks even as regards the EU’s energy security in the near term. The 
significant upward revisions in energy price forecasts for the rest of 2022 and the coming years, along with 
occasional disruptions in supply chains (mostly related to COVID-19 restrictions in China), as well as higher

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
freight costs and limited availability of vehicles in specific segments of global cargo shipping due to the 
profound changes in global trade patterns that followed the war-related sanctions on Russia, increase the 
uncertainty regarding the future path of inflation. In fact, due to the above-mentioned local or sector-specific 
factors, the resilience of the post-pandemic recovery until mid-2022, and persistent imbalances in food and 
other globally traded commodities (for which Russia and Ukraine are important suppliers), it is not clear 
whether inflation will remain high and persist for an even longer period than currently anticipated. The answer 
depends largely on the distribution of current and future shocks to the economy and how the monetary and 
fiscal policies will react, as well as on the duration of the war in Ukraine and its impact on energy costs, food 
prices, and global growth.  
In this respect, the sharp acceleration in inflation poses additional pressure for a more rapid tightening in 
monetary policy, following a long period of highly accommodative monetary and liquidity conditions. 
Increases in policy rates are already material in the US and the euro area and additional hikes are expected 
until early-2023, bringing the policy rates in neutral or slightly contractionary territory. This tightening, along 
with increasing fears of energy shortages in the EU in the coming quarters and prospects of an imminent 
slowdown of the world economy, have already led to a rise in market lending costs and perceived credit risk 
levels in the euro area.  
The exact impact of inflationary pressures on the Group’s activities depends on the duration and the actual 
inflation rate and, therefore, it is difficult to predict. It is possible that there will be a significant, and 
economically important, negative relationship between inflation, household disposable income and business 
conditions which will also adversely affect both banking and equity market activity. This unfavourable 
sequence of developments has been avoided for the first nine months of 2022, due to the dynamic recovery of 
tourism and the increased fiscal support to cushion the pressure from rising energy costs, but may have a 
material adverse effect on the business operations and economic results of the Group in the future. Moreover, 
inflation is expected to put upward pressure on the Group’s expenses.  
For what concerns the Euro area, annual inflation (measured by the harmonised index of consumer prices – 
HICP) is expected at 8.5% year-on-year in 2022 and at 6.1% year-on-year in 2023 by the European 
Commission (Source: European Commission Autumn 2022 Economic Forecast, November 2022). Actual data 
available until October 2022 showed that the euro area annual inflation rate reached 10.6% in October 2022 
(8.1%, on average, in the first ten months of 2022), up from 9.9% in September 2022 and 5.0% in December 
2021 (Source: Eurostat, Press Release, 17 November 2022). The figure is driven once again mainly by energy 
prices alongside rises in the prices of food, alcohol and tobacco, services and other industrial goods. 
Should the inflation spike persist or increase further in the following months, this would adversely impact 
Greek households, businesses, banks and the Greek government. Reduced purchasing power of households, 
and increased costs for businesses, could reduce the size and/or the quality of the pool of prospective 
borrowers, and increase repayment delinquency rates. A potential escalation of inflationary pressures into the 
fourth quarter of 2022 and 2023 fiscal year could also lead ECB (and other major central banks) to new interest 
rate increases. In addition, if inflation persists and leads to further increases in policy rates and market risk 
premia, the Group may have to identify effective means for hedging interest rate risk related to inflationary 
pressures and adjust its operations. Any failure of the Group to address and adjust its strategy to the 
implications of persisting inflationary pressures and the concomitant financial market and real economy’s 
reaction to the monetary policy tightening, could adversely affect its financial condition, capital adequacy and 
operating results. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk. 
As a result of the Group’s activities, it is exposed to a variety of risks. Among the most significant of these 
risks are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk. Failure to control these risks 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, prospects and 
reputation.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
 
Credit Risk.  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to honour its 
contractual obligations. It arises in lending activities as well as in various other activities where the 
Group is exposed to the risk of counterparty default, such as its trading, capital markets and settlement 
activities. Credit risk is the largest single risk the Group faces. See “The Group is exposed to 
counterparty risk” above. 
 
Market Risk.  Market risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse 
movements in interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, and their levels of 
volatility. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s net interest 
margin. Changes in currency exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in 
foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The performance of 
financial markets or financial conditions generally may cause changes in the value of the Group’s 
investment and trading portfolios. The Group has implemented risk management methods to mitigate 
and control these and other market risks to which its portfolios are also exposed. However, it is difficult 
to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that 
such changes could have on the Group’s financial performance and business operations. See 
“Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other 
adverse consequences” and “The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global 
financial markets” below. 
 
Liquidity Risk. Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising 
from the institution’s inability to meet its liabilities when they fall due, without incurring unacceptable 
losses. It reflects the potential mismatch between incoming and outgoing payments, taking into 
account unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly high outflows 
(withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity risk involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of 
funding of the portfolio of assets at appropriate maturities and rates and the risk of being unable to 
liquidate a position in a timely manner and on reasonable terms.  
 
Operational Risk.  Operational risk corresponds to the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed internal 
processes/systems, or due to external events, whether deliberate, accidental or natural occurrences. 
Internal events include, but are not limited to, fraud by employees, clerical and record keeping errors 
and information systems malfunctions or manipulations. External events include pandemics, floods, 
fires, earthquakes, riots or terrorist attacks, fraud by outsiders and equipment failures. Finally, the 
Group may also fail to comply with regulatory requirements or conduct of business rules. 
 
Insurance Risk.  The principal risk that the Group may face is that the actual claims and benefit 
payments, or the timing thereof, differ from expectations. This could occur because the frequency or 
severity of claims is greater than estimated. Depending on the insurance product, this risk is influenced 
by macroeconomic changes, changes in customer behaviour, changes in public health, pandemics and 
catastrophic events such as earthquakes, industrial disasters, fires, riots or terrorism. 
Although management believes that its risk management and risk mitigation policies are adequate, the Group’s 
risk management processes may not prevent all instances of fraud or otherwise allow it to mitigate or fully 
manage the above risks. In addition, the weak Greek economy as well as continuing volatility as a result of 
market forces out of the Group’s control could cause the Bank’s liquidity position to deteriorate. Such 
deterioration would increase funding costs and limit the Bank’s capacity to increase its credit portfolio and the 
total amount of its assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other adverse 
consequences. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies, 
domestic and international economic and political conditions, as well as other factors. There can be no

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
assurance that further events will not alter the interest rate environment in Greece and the other markets in 
which the Group operates. Cost of funding is especially at risk for the Bank.  
In the current interest rate climate, central banks of the major developed economies (including the US Federal 
Reserve, the ECB, the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan, among others) are widely perceived to have a 
significant influence on the volatility and direction of short term rates. The method and rate at which central 
banks adjust their target rates cannot be predicted, nor can the effects that changes in such rates will have, be 
anticipated. 
There are risks involved in both an increase of rates and a prolonged period of low or negative interest rates. 
Variations in short term interest rates could affect the Group’s net interest income, reducing its growth rate 
and potentially resulting in losses. When interest rates rise, the Group may be required to pay higher interest 
on floating rate borrowings while interest earned on fixed rate assets does not rise as quickly, which could 
cause profits to grow at a reduced rate or decline. 
Conversely, increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans the Group originates. Sustained high 
interest rates have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in increased 
delinquencies in outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in interest rates may 
also reduce the propensity of the Group’s customers to prepay or refinance fixed rate loans, reduce the value 
of its financial assets and reduce gains or require it to record losses on sales of loans or securities. 
If interest rates decrease, although this is likely to reduce the Group’s funding costs, it is likely to compress 
the Group’s interest margin, as well as adversely impact income from investments in securities and loans with 
similar maturities, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s operating results, financial condition and 
prospects. 
Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rates the Group charges on its interest earning assets 
differently from the interest rates it pays on its interest bearing liabilities. This difference could reduce the 
Group’s net interest income. Since the majority of the Group’s loan portfolio effectively re prices within a 
year, rising interest rates may also result in an increase in the Group’s allowance for loan losses if customers 
cannot refinance in a higher interest rate environment. Further, an increase in interest rates may reduce the 
Group’s clients’ capacity to repay in the current economic circumstances. 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks. 
The changes in the level of interest rates imposed by the ECB may lead to a significant increase in competition 
for retail deposits in Greece among the four largest banks (including the Bank) and other smaller banks, which 
means that the Bank may have to pay higher rates to attract equivalent levels of deposits. The Bank faces 
competition from foreign banks in its banking operations outside of Greece, some of which may have resources 
greater than that of the Bank. The Bank may not be able to continue to compete successfully with domestic 
and international banks in the future. These competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. 
Following a vigorous recovery in 2021 due to the lifting of pandemic related restrictions, the global economy 
decelerated significantly in the first nine months of 2022 as high inflation hastened the tightening of monetary 
policy in advanced economies, the war in Ukraine unleashed a thread of supply shocks and Chinese economic 
momentum remained weak amid zero-tolerance policies against COVID-19. In the euro area, real GDP 
increased by +0.2% quarter-on-quarter in the third quarter of 2022 (+2.1% year-over-year), following an 
increase of +4.9% year-over-year, on average, in the first half of 2022. Growth is expected to decelerate further 
in the fourth quarter of 2022 according to forward looking business and consumer indicators, as the economy 
is facing significant headwinds because of a negative terms-of-trade shock due to high energy prices. Overall,

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
the euro area real GDP growth is currently anticipated at +3.3% in 2022, followed by +0.3% in 2023, albeit 
the outlook is subject to considerable downside risks.  
Principal risks for the euro area economy mainly relate to the duration of shocks unleashed by Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine, including, inter alia, energy shortages. Moreover, high and persistent inflation could 
cause excessive wage and price dynamics, jeopardizing more aggressive monetary policy tightening by the 
European Central Bank and resulting in a sharper than expected decline in economic activity and higher 
unemployment. In turn, a sudden tightening of financial conditions due to rising interest rates could exacerbate 
vulnerabilities stemming from elevated asset valuations in property and financial markets. Moreover, as a large 
part of the increase in European aggregate public investment is related to investment financed by the Recovery 
and Resilience Facility (RRF), delays in the disbursements of RRF funds have the potential to curb growth. 
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic recovery, with a corresponding adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Financial market volatility could edge higher, with a corresponding material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, including the Group’s ability to fund its operations. 
Results of operations in Greece in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected 
by many factors of a global nature, including: political and regulatory risks and the condition of public 
finances; the availability and cost of capital; the liquidity of global markets; the level and volatility of equity 
prices, commodity prices and interest rates; currency values; the availability and cost of funding; inflation; the 
stability and solvency of financial institutions and other companies; investor sentiment and confidence in the 
financial markets; or a combination of the above factors. 
Adverse developments could also be triggered by Eurozone sovereign and corporate debt stress as the massive 
fiscal and monetary policy measures employed to stem the negative economic repercussions from the 
pandemic suggest more strains for the balance sheets of sovereigns and corporates when the COVID-19 crisis 
ends. A rise in corporate defaults and subsequently of non-performing loans could also induce banking stress, 
as well as a potentially weaker than expected performance of the Greek economy. Finally, a protracted 
slowdown in Chinese economic activity amidst authorities’ efforts to contain leverage in the property sector, 
and adverse pandemic developments, which may lead to a re-imposition of strict containment measures, could 
intensify downside European economic growth risks.  
These developments could: 
 
further directly impact the carrying amount of the Group’s portfolio of Greek government debt; 
 
further directly impact the impairment losses for receivables relating to the Hellenic Republic; 
 
severely affect the Group’s ability to raise capital and meet minimum regulatory capital requirements; 
and 
 
severely limit the Group’s ability to access liquidity. 
The Group’s economic hedging may not prevent losses. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that the Group uses to economically hedge its exposure to 
market risk is not effective, the Group may incur losses. The Group does not economically hedge all of its risk 
exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. In the Group’s view, the principal market risk 
to which it is exposed, which is not fully economically hedged, is the sovereign credit risk of the Hellenic 
Republic, in respect of which the Group does not maintain any hedging positions (such as, for example, credit 
default swaps).

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
The Group has incurred and may continue to incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities 
due to market fluctuations and volatility. 
The Group maintains trading and investment positions in debt, currency, equity and other markets. These 
positions could be adversely affected by continuing volatility in financial and other markets, creating a risk of 
losses. Significant decline in perceived or actual values of the Group’s assets has resulted from previous market 
events. 
Continuing volatility and further dislocation affecting certain financial markets and asset classes could further 
impact the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In the future these factors could 
have an impact on the mark to market valuations of assets in the Group’s Hold to Collect and Sell (HTCS) 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) bond portfolios, trading portfolios 
and financial assets and liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected. In addition, any further 
deterioration in the performance of the assets in the Group’s investment securities portfolios could lead to 
additional impairment losses, including the Group’s holdings of Greek government bonds.  
The Group could be exposed to significant future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities.  
The employees of the Bank and certain of its subsidiaries participate in employee-managed pension schemes, 
retirement and medical benefit plans. The Bank and certain of the Bank’s subsidiaries make significant defined 
contributions to these schemes. In addition, the Bank and several of its subsidiaries offer certain defined benefit 
plans. The Group’s consolidated retirement benefit obligations under these plans are determined by reference 
to a number of critical assumptions. These include assumptions about movements in interest rates which may 
not be realised. Potential variations may cause the Group to incur significantly increased liability in respect of 
these obligations.  
The Group, like any other credit institution, is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities of any form, 
which, if not dealt with in a timely manner and successfully, could have negative effects on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to rules and regulations related to combating money laundering and terrorism financing 
in the jurisdictions where it operates. Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing rules 
entails significant cost and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, including 
adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the Group believes that its current anti money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance with 
applicable legislation, it cannot guarantee that they will comply at all times with all rules applicable to money 
laundering and terrorism financing as extended to the entire Group and applied to its staff in all circumstances. 
A possible violation, or even any suspicion of a violation of these rules, may have serious adverse legal and 
financial impacts, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s information systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and vulnerable to 
an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks which could result in the 
unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client or customer information, damage to its 
reputation, additional costs to it, regulatory penalties and financial losses. 
The Group is dependent on information and communication technologies to carry out its day-to-day operations. 
Information and communication technologies are subject to ever-increasing and complex threats, which exploit 
known and unknown system vulnerabilities with potentially serious impact on business operation, individuals 
and critical infrastructure due to the breach of confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information that 
these systems process, store or transmit. A significant portion of the Group’s operations rely heavily on the 
secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of 
a large number of complex transactions on a minute-by-minute basis. The Group stores an extensive amount 
of personal and client-specific information for its retail, corporate and governmental customers and clients and

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
must accurately record and reflect their extensive account transactions. The Bank’s activities have been, and 
will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. 
The Group endeavours to safeguard its systems and processes and strives to continuously monitor and develop 
them to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation. However, its computer systems, 
software and networks have been and will continue to be exposed and possibly vulnerable to unauthorised 
access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability 
of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other external attacks or events, as well 
as internal breaches. These threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or 
third parties or may result from accidental technological failure. If one or more of these events occur, it could 
result in the disclosure of confidential client information, damage to the Group’s reputation with its clients and 
the market, additional costs (such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies), 
regulatory penalties and financial losses to both the Group and its clients. Such events could also cause 
interruptions or malfunctions in the Group’s operations (such as the lack of availability of its online banking 
systems) or otherwise hinder its operational effectiveness, as well as the operations of its clients, customers or 
other third parties. Given the volume of its transactions, certain errors or actions may be repeated or 
compounded before they are discovered and rectified, which would further increase these costs and 
consequences. 
In addition, third parties with which the Group does business with, may also be sources of cybersecurity or 
other technological risks. Although the Group adopts a range of actions to eliminate the exposure resulting 
from outsourcing, such as not allowing third party access to the production systems and operating a highly 
controlled IT environment, unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data or other cyber incidents could 
occur, resulting in similar costs and consequences to the Group as those discussed above. 
The EU General Data Protection Regulation was directly applicable in Greece as of 25 May 2018 and the 
penalties in case of personal data leakage could impact the Bank and the Group. 
While the Group maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain 
aspects of cyber risks such as fraud, financial crime and ransomware type attacks, such insurance coverage 
may be insufficient to cover all losses. 
The Group, due to its business activities, produces and exchanges large volumes of data. In order to support 
these business activities and in the context of digital transformation for its services, it implements a plethora 
of solutions that often interact and connect with multiple systems inside or/and outside the Group. Due to the 
criticality of the non-stop delivery of services to its customers and personnel (e.g., internet banking, mobile 
banking, teleworking systems), cybercrime, in cyberspace, poses a significant threat to the Group. 
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time or may not be accurate. 
In establishing the fair value of certain financial instruments, the Group relies on quoted market prices or, 
where the market for a financial instrument is not sufficiently active, internal valuation models that utilise 
observable financial market data. In certain circumstances, the data for individual financial instruments or 
classes of financial instruments utilised by such valuation models may not be available or may become 
unavailable due to changes in financial market conditions. In such circumstances, the Group’s internal 
valuation models require it to make assumptions, judgments and estimates to establish fair value. In common 
with other financial institutions, these internal valuation models are complex, and the assumptions, judgments 
and estimates the Group is often required to make relate to inherently uncertain matters, such as expected cash 
flows. Such assumptions, judgments and estimates may need to be updated to reflect changing facts, trends 
and market conditions. The resulting change in the fair values of the financial instruments could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s earnings and financial condition. Also, market volatility can challenge the factual 
bases of certain underlying assumptions and has made it difficult to value certain of the Group’s instruments. 
Valuations in future periods, reflecting prevailing market conditions, may result in changes in the fair values

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
of these instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results, financial condition 
and prospects. 
The loss of senior management may adversely affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategy. 
The Group’s current senior management team includes several experienced executives the Group believes 
contribute significant experience and expertise to its management in the banking sectors in which the Bank 
operates. The continued performance of the Group’s business and its ability to execute its business strategy 
will depend, in large part, on the efforts of the senior management of the Group. Furthermore, a potential 
change in share ownership percentages and shareholders rights or a situation of effective control by the HFSF 
could lead to the departure of certain senior managers. If a substantial number of the Group’s senior 
management team leave the Group, its business may be materially adversely affected. 
The Group may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and/or qualified personnel. 
The Group’s competitive position depends, in part, on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. Competition in the Greek and South-eastern 
European banking industries for personnel with relevant expertise is intense due to the relatively limited 
availability of qualified individuals. To recruit qualified and experienced employees and to minimise the 
possibility of their departure, the Group provides compensation packages consistent with evolving standards 
in the relevant labour markets.  
The HFSF representative has the right to veto any decision of the Board of Directors regarding the distribution 
of dividends and the benefits and bonus policy concerning the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the 
other members of the Board of Directors, as well as whoever exercises the general manager’s powers and their 
deputies if the NPE ratio is above 10%, while consent of the HFSF must be sought regarding the 
abovementioned decisions. Moreover, consent of the HFSF must also be sought regarding the remuneration 
of the Group and benefits policies and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation thereof, or 
decisions/policies affecting the above policies, including any voluntary retirement/separation schemes. 
Additionally, restrictions on variable remuneration under CRD IV (as defined below) have been implemented 
into Greek Law. 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
The Group’s business is subject to increasingly complex regulation which may increase its compliance costs 
and capital requirements. 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates. All of these regulatory requirements have changed, are continuing to change, 
and are subject to further change following the unprecedented levels of government intervention and changes 
to the regulations governing financial institutions, as a result of the financial crisis. In response to the global 
financial crisis, national governments as well as supranational groups, such as the EU, have implemented 
significant changes to the existing regulatory frameworks for financial institutions, including those pertaining 
to supervision, capital adequacy, liquidity, resolution and the scope of banks’ operations and those pertaining 
to investors’ protection and financial products’ governance requirements. 
Since 4 November 2014, the Group has been a significant entity in the Eurozone supervised by SSM and is 
subject to continuous evaluation of its capital adequacy, and could be requested to operate with higher than 
minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. The supervisory regime applicable to European banks is 
undergoing a period of change since the SSM took responsibility for the prudential supervision of banks in the 
Eurozone in November 2014. Competent Authorities will continue to be responsible for supervisory matters 
not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and branches of 
third country banks, besides supporting ECB in day to day supervision. In light of the new supervision legal

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
framework the ECB and the competent national authorities shall carry out a SREP at least on an annual basis. 
In this view the EBA published on 19 December 2014 the final guidelines for common procedures and 
methodologies in respect of the SREP (EBA Guidelines). Such EBA Guidelines draw a common approach to 
determining the amount and composition of additional Pillar 2 own funds requirement implemented since 1 
January 2016. The first update took place in 2017 and the revised Guidelines became applicable since 2019. 
The revised SREP guidelines reflected the on-going (at that time) policy initiatives related to Pillar 2/SREP, 
which included, among other things, the introduction of Pillar 2 capital guidance (P2G), the integration of 
supervisory stress testing requirements and supervisory assessment of banks’ stress testing from the EBA 
Consultation Paper on Guidelines on stress testing and supervisory stress testing 2, clarification of certain 
aspects of scoring, further details on the articulation of total SREP capital requirements (TSCR) and overall 
capital requirements (OCR), and various consistency checks with relevant EBA standards and guidelines that 
came into force after the publication of the original SREP Guidelines in 2014. On 28 June 2021, the EBA 
launched a public consultation and a second review of the SREP guidelines was carried out, aiming at aligning 
the guidelines with other regulatory developments that took place since their latest revision. In particular, the 
revised guidelines take into account changes stemming from Directive (EU) 2019/878 amending the CRD and 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR, as well as the issuance by the EBA of other relevant guidelines 
and technical standards. In this context, the latest revised SREP guidelines were issued on 18 March 2022. 
Following the completion of the 2021 SREP cycle, in February 2022 the Bank received the final SREP 
Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2022. In particular based on the 
2021 SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2022 remained stable at 3%, but OCR increased to 14.25% 
(from 14.00% in 2020) due to the phase-in of the Other Systemically Important Institutions (O-SII) buffer 
(0.25%). The P2G has been reduced from 2% to 1.72% for 2022 and consequently the OCR + P2G remained 
stable at 16%.  
The SSM might impose new compliance, governance or system and control mandates that will increase 
compliance costs for the Bank. As a result of these and other on-going and possible future changes in the 
financial services regulatory framework (including requirements imposed by virtue of the Group’s 
participation in any Greek government or regulator led initiatives, such as the Hellenic Republic’s Bank 
Support Plan), the Group will face greater regulation in the Hellenic Republic and SEE. Current and future 
regulatory requirements may be different across each of these locations and even requirements with EEA wide 
application may be implemented or applied differently in different jurisdictions. 
Compliance with these new requirements will increase the Group’s regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements and may increase its compliance costs and disclosure requirements, restrict certain types of 
transactions, affect its strategy and limit or require the modification of rates or fees that it charges on certain 
loans and other products, any of which could lower the return on the Group’s investments, assets and equity. 
The Group may also face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain business 
opportunities. The Group cannot predict the effect of any such changes on its business, financial condition, 
cash flows or future prospects. 
The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes. 
The Bank and the Group are required by the SSM and the regulators in the Hellenic Republic and other 
countries in which they undertake regulated activities to maintain minimum levels of capital and liquidity. The 
Bank, its regulated subsidiaries and its branches may be subject to the risk of having insufficient capital 
resources to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity requirements. In addition, those minimum 
regulatory capital requirements may increase in the future, or the methods of calculating capital resources may 
change. Likewise, liquidity requirements are under heightened scrutiny, and may place additional stress on the 
Group’s liquidity demands in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Changes in regulatory requirements may 
require the Group to raise additional capital. Directive 2013/36/EU (the CRD IV Directive) and the EU 
Regulation 575/2013 (the Capital Requirements Regulation or CRR and, together with the CRD IV 
Directive, the CRD IV) which incorporate the key amendments that were adopted by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (known as Basel III) have been directly applicable in all EU member states (the EU

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
Member States) since 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of time (the 
requirements are largely fully effective and some minor transitional provisions provide for phase-in until 2024) 
but it is possible that in practice implementation under national laws may be delayed. Additionally, it is 
possible that EU member states may introduce certain provisions at an earlier date than that set out in the CRD 
IV. In addition, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for 
amendments to the CRR, CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (together, the EC Proposals), 
which proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process prior to formal approval of the final 
text by the European Council in May 2019. Amendments to the BRRD to introduce a new asset class of “non-
preferred” senior debt entered into force on 28 December 2017 and were transposed into Greek law on 18 
December 2018 by Greek law 4583/2018. The final text of the EC Proposals was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. Among other things, 
these proposals aim to implement a number of new Basel standards (such as the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, market risk rules and requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities) into European law. 
CRR II (as defined below) is directly applicable to the Bank and applies from 28 June 2021, subject to certain 
exceptions. The Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(CRD V Directive as defined below) has been transposed into Greek law by Greek law 4799/2021 which 
amended to this effect Greek Law 4335/2015 (the law that has initially transposed into Greek law the BRRD, 
the BRR Law) and Greek law 4261/2014 (the law that has initially transposed into Greek law the CRD IV, 
the CRD Law). 
Greek law 4583/2018, implementing certain provisions of Directive 2017/2399/EU and Greek law 4799/2021, 
transposing into Greek law the BRRD II Directive, has amended the ranking of claims from unsecured debt 
instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, introducing, inter alia, senior non-preferred notes, as debt instruments 
that meet the following conditions: (a) the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one 
year; (b) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they are not themselves derivatives; and (c) the 
relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly 
refer to the lower ranking as provided for by Article 145A of Greek law 4261/2014 (see further “Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”). Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
issued under the Programme are expected to fall into this category of liabilities.  
The Capital Requirements Regulation defines the minimum capital requirements (Pillar 1 requirements) and 
the CRD IV Directive defines the combined buffer requirements for EU institutions. In addition, the CRD IV 
Directive provides (Articles 97 et seq.) that Competent Authorities regularly carry out the SREP, to assess and 
measure risks not covered, or not fully covered, under Pillar 1 and determine additional capital and liquidity 
requirements (Pillar 2 requirements). SREP is conducted under the lead of the ECB. The SREP decision is 
tailored to each bank’s individual profile.  Implementing regulations in Greece under the CRD IV or higher 
SREP requirements may impose higher capital requirements, such as higher prudential buffers, which may 
require the Group to raise further capital. See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Single 
Supervisory Mechanism (SSM)”.   
Furthermore, on 20 March 2017, the ECB published its final “Guidance to banks on non-performing loans”, 
setting out expectations in relation to strategy, governance, and operations. On 15 March 2018, the ECB 
launched the final addendum to the aforementioned ECB guidance on NPLs. The addendum sets out 
supervisory expectations for minimum levels of prudential provisioning for new NPLs and reinforces the 
guidance with regards to fostering timely provisioning and write off practices, and may be amended from time 
to time.  
On 14 March 2018, the European Commission presented a package of measures to tackle high NPL ratios in 
Europe. On 31 October 2018 the European Banking Authority published its final guidelines on management 
of non-performing and forborne exposures (the EBA Guidelines). The EBA Guidelines applied from 30 June 
2019. They are developed in accordance with the European Council Action Plan, aim to ensure that credit 
institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks in place to manage effectively their NPEs and to 
achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. To this end, the EBA Guidelines require institutions 
to establish NPE reduction strategies and introduce governance and operational requirements to support them.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
The EBA Guidelines specify sound risk management practices for credit institutions in their management of 
NPEs and forborne exposures (FBEs), including requirements on NPE reduction strategies, governance and 
operations of NPE workout framework, internal control framework and monitoring. The EBA Guidelines also 
set out requirements for processes to recognise NPEs and FBEs, as well as a forbearance granting process with 
a focus on the viability of forbearance measures. In particular, the EBA Guidelines specify that institutions 
should grant forbearance measures only with the view to return the borrower to a sustainable performing 
repayment status and are thus in the borrower's interest. The EBA Guidelines introduce a threshold of 5% of 
gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing NPE strategies and applying associated governance and operational 
arrangements. Finally, the EBA Guidelines outline requirements for competent authorities' assessment of 
credit institutions' NPE management activity as part of the SREP. 
The above measures and guidelines will have an impact on the Group’s risk management, governance or 
control systems as these relate to its management of NPEs and FBEs, as well as on how the SSM assesses the 
Group’s capital requirements for NPEs and FBEs. 
If the Bank or the Group does not satisfy the minimum capital requirements (taking into account relevant 
combined buffer requirements) in the future, it may be subject to the measures that the SSM can take pursuant 
to the CRD Law and Regulation 1024/2013, including appointment of a commissioner to the Bank (see 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”). 
If the Bank is required to raise further capital but is unable to do so on acceptable terms, the Group may be 
required to further reduce the amount of the Bank’s risk weighted assets and thus engage in further disposal 
of core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a timely basis or achieve prices which would 
otherwise be attractive to the Bank. Any failure to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios could result in 
administrative actions or other sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s 
operating results, financial condition and prospects. If the Bank is required to strengthen its capital position, it 
may not be possible for the Bank to raise additional capital from the financial markets or to dispose of 
marketable assets. That could potentially lead to further requests for State Aid pursuant to the provisions of 
Greek Law 3864/2010, as amended, inter alia, by Law 4941/2022 and in force (the HFSF Law) in the 
circumstances permitted under Greek Law 4335/2015 (the BRR Law) and the HFSF Law, which could result 
in the application of Burden Sharing Measures (as described in “Description of the Group – History and 
Development of the Group – 2015 Recapitalisation – Burden Sharing Measures”. 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and may result in 
additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the resolution of the Group 
(which may include the Notes being subject to the bail-in resolution tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
resulting in their full or partial write-down or conversion). 
The BRRD provides for the establishment of an EU wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of resolution 
tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly to avoid a significant adverse effect on the financial 
system, to prevent threats to market infrastructures, to protect depositors and investors and to minimise reliance 
on public financial support. On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published the Proposals (see 
“The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), including a 
proposal to amend certain provisions of the BRRD (the BRRD Reforms).  
The BRRD’s broad range of resolution tools and powers may be used alone or in combination where the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) considers that certain 
required conditions are met.  
Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending Directive 2014/59/EU (BRRD) as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms was formally approved by the European 
Council in May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 (SRM II Regulation or SRMR II) amended Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (SRM Regulation

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
or SRMR) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms. This Regulation applies from 28 December 2020. Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II) amended 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and has been transposed into Greek legislation by Greek law 4799/2021 amending to this 
effect the BRR Law and the CRD Law. See “The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result 
of regulatory changes” above and “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive”. 
In addition to the bail in tool which is available for an institution in resolution, the BRRD provides the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with powers to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments and 
eligible liabilities of the financial institution, including CET1 instruments (which includes ordinary shares), 
Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments (each as defined under the CRD IV) at the point of non-
viability of the institution, with losses taken in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency 
proceedings (Non-Viability Loss Absorption), as further described under “Regulation and Supervision of 
Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”. For the purposes of the application of any Non-
Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the 
Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no 
resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, in certain circumstances, its group, will no longer 
be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes) and eligible liabilities are written 
down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate 
authority determines that the institution and/or, as appropriate, its group, would no longer be viable. 
The capital instruments and eligible liabilities write down and conversion power may be exercised 
independently of, or in combination with, the exercise of other resolution tools. These measures could be 
applied to certain of the Group’s instruments; the occurrence of circumstances in which write down or 
conversion powers would need to be exercised (or any perceived risk of such powers being exercised) would 
be likely to have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, in circumstances where capital instruments are converted into equity securities by 
application of the mandatory conversion tool, those equity securities may be subjected to the bail in powers in 
resolution, resulting in their cancellation, significant dilution or transfer away from the investors therein. 
EBA Guidelines on “the interpretation of the different circumstances when an institution shall be considered 
as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications on the cases where an institution is assessed as “failing or 
likely to fail”. 
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail in power, there remains uncertainty regarding the 
specific factors which the Relevant Resolution Authority would consider in deciding whether to exercise the 
bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that institution.  
Given the final discretion provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority, it may be difficult to predict when, 
if at all, the exercise of any bail in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, may occur which would result 
in a principal write off or conversion to equity. Accordingly, the threat of bail in or exercise of the write down 
or conversion power in respect of the Notes may affect trading behaviour, including prices and volatility, of 
the securities of any institution which the market perceives to be potentially considered as failing or likely to 
fail by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools (including the general bail in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such 
extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the 
EU state aid framework and the BRRD.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As such, it is too early to anticipate the full impact of the 
BRRD, and there can be no assurance that creditors, shareholders and potential investors will not be adversely 
affected by actions taken under it. In addition, there can be no assurance that its application will not have a 
significant impact on the Group’s results of operations, business, assets, cash flows and financial condition, as 
well as on its funding activities and the products and services offered. In addition, the SRM Regulation 
establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) and a Single Resolution Fund 
(the Fund). 
The SRM Regulation, which will complement the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need additional 
capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks supervised by the SSM, 
including the Bank. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established under the SRM Regulation will 
be applied by a single resolution board (the Single Resolution Board or the SRB) together with the EU 
Council and the European Commission and the national resolution authorities within the framework of the 
SRM.  
On 11 October 2017, the European Commission urged the European Parliament and Council to progress 
quickly in the adoption of additional measures to tackle the remaining risks in the banking sector and suggested 
new actions to reduce NPLs and to help banks diversify their investment in sovereign bonds.  
The Group could be subject to any such additional measures or actions adopted which may result in additional 
compliance or capital requirements, and such measures or actions could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) under the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, the BRRD) may affect the Group’s 
profitability. 
Since 2016, European banks have had to comply with the rules under the BRRD, which, inter alia, introduced 
the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL). MREL aims to facilitate the 
orderly resolution of financial institutions by requiring them to hold at all times sufficient loss absorbing 
instruments to ensure that shareholders, subordinated creditors and senior unsecured creditors primarily bear 
losses in the event of resolution. MREL includes own funds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, ordinary 
shares) as well as eligible liabilities (as defined in the BRRD) and is expressed as a percentage of either risk 
weighted assets or total liabilities and own funds, as contemplated by the BRRD. The BRRD does not mandate 
a minimum threshold for MREL, but instead provides for a case by case assessment of the MREL for each 
institution or group, against a minimum set of criteria prescribed by the rules made under the BRRD and 
applied by the Single Resolution Board in the case of financial institutions which are located in the Banking 
Union, such as the Group. Article 45 of the BRRD, as amended by BRRD II, sets out a procedure for the 
determination of MREL. Commission Delegated Regulation 2016/1450 further defines the way in which 
resolution authorities, including the SRB, are to determine MREL. 
In June 2019, the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the banking 
package (comprising CRR II, CRD V Directive, BRRD II and SRM II Regulation) in the Official Journal of 
the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an overall updated MREL policy under the banking package 
(BRRD II and SRMR II Regulation) published on 20 May 2020. The Single Resolution Board has set binding 
MREL targets (at consolidated level) for the Bank for 1 January 2022 and for the end of the transitional period 
which is 31 December 2025. 
The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended by the the CRD V Directive and the CRR has 
subsequently been amended by the publication of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 (CRR II). The CRD V Directive and CRR II were both published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. The CRR II applies from 28 June 2021 subject to certain

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
exceptions and the CRD V Directive has been transposed into Greek law by law 4799/2021 which amended 
to this effect the BRR Law and the CRD Law.  
The SRM II Regulation amended the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. The SRM II Regulation is valid as of the date of its 
publication in the Official Journal of the European Union and applies from 28 December 2020. Directive (EU) 
2019/879 amended Directive 2014/59/EU, among others, as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. Member States were supposed to bring into force the laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by 28 December 2020. 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 was transposed into Greek law by law 4799/2021, coming into force as of 17 May 
2021, with few exceptions. 
The BRRD Reforms contain a new Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order between the combined buffer 
and the MREL Requirement. Pursuant to this new provision the Relevant Resolution Authority has the power 
to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined below) for 
the MREL where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL Requirement are not met. 
Should the Single Resolution Board not provide an adequate transition period, issuance of MREL eligible 
liabilities in a short timeframe could be very costly having thus a material adverse effect on Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets (DTAs) as 
regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and financial 
condition. 
The Group currently includes DTAs in calculating the Group’s capital and capital adequacy ratios. As at 30 
June 2022, the Group’s DTAs amounted to €4.8 billion (31 December 2021: €4.9 billion). 
The Bank reviews the carrying amount of its DTAs at each reporting date, and such review may lead to a 
reduction in the value of the DTAs on the Bank’s Statement of Financial position, and therefore reduce the 
value of the DTAs as included in the Group’s regulatory capital. 
EU Regulation 575/2013 provides that, DTAs recognized for IFRS purposes that rely on future profitability 
and arise from temporary differences of a credit institution and exceed certain thresholds must be deducted 
from its CET1 capital. 
The deduction would have a significant impact on Greek credit institutions, including the Bank. However, as 
a measure to mitigate the effects of the deduction, Article 27A of Greek Law 4172/2013, (DTC Law), as 
currently in force, allows credit institutions, under certain conditions, and from 2017 onwards, to convert DTAs 
arising from (a) private sector initiative (PSI) losses, (b) accumulated provisions for credit losses recognised 
as at 30 June 2015, (c) losses from final write-off or the disposal of loans and (d) accounting write-offs, which 
will ultimately lead to final write-offs and losses from disposals, to a receivable (Tax Credit) from the Greek 
State. Items (c) and (d) above were added with Greek Law 4465/2017 enacted on 29 March 2017. The same 
Greek Law 4465/2017 provided that the total tax relating to cases (b) to (d) above cannot exceed the tax 
corresponding to accumulated provisions recorded up to 30 June 2015 less (a) any definitive and cleared Tax 
Credit which arose in the case of accounting loss for a year according to the provisions of par. 2 of Article 
27A, which relate to the above accumulated provisions, (b) the amount of tax corresponding to any subsequent 
specific tax provisions, which relate to the above accumulated provisions, and (c) the amount of the tax 
corresponding to the annual amortisation of the debit difference that corresponds to the above provisions and 
other losses in general arising due to credit risk. 
Furthermore, Greek Law 4465/2017 amended Article 27 “Carry forward losses” by introducing an 
amortisation period of 20 years for losses due to loan write-offs as part of a settlement or restructuring and 
losses that crystallise as a result of a disposal of loans. In addition, in 2021 Greek Law 4831 further amended

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
article 27 of Greek Law 4172/2013. According to this amendment the annual amortization / deduction of the 
debit difference arising from PSI losses is deducted at a priority over the debit difference arising from realized 
NPL losses. The amount of annual deduction of the debit difference arising from realized NPL losses is limited 
to the amount of the profits determined according to the provisions of the tax law as in force before the 
deduction of such debit differences and after the deduction of the debit difference arising from PSI losses. The 
remaining amount of annual deduction that has not been offset, is transferred to be utilized in the 20 subsequent 
tax years, in which there will be sufficient profit after the deduction of the above debit differences (PSI & NPL 
losses) that correspond to those years. As to the order of deduction of the transferred (unutilized) amounts, 
older balances of debit difference have priority over newer balances. If at the end of the 20-year amortization 
period, there are balances that have not been offset, these qualify as tax losses which are subject to the 5-year 
statutes of limitation. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group’s eligible DTAs amounted to €3.9 billion (31 December 2021: €4.1 billion). 
The main condition for the conversion of DTAs to a Tax Credit is the existence of an accounting loss at Bank 
level of a respective year, starting from accounting year 2016 and onwards. The Tax Credits will be calculated 
as a ratio of IFRS accounting losses to net equity (excluding the year’s losses) on a solo basis and such ratio 
will be applied to the remaining Eligible DTAs in a given year to calculate the Tax Credit that will be converted 
in that year, in respect of the prior tax year. The Tax Credit may be offset against income taxes payable. The 
non-offset part of the Tax Credit is immediately recognised as a receivable from the Greek State. The Bank is 
obliged to issue conversion rights to the Greek State for an amount of 100% of the Tax Credit in favour of the 
Greek State and will create a specific reserve for an equal amount. Common shareholders have pre-emption 
rights on these conversion rights. The reserve will be capitalised with the issuance of common shares in favour 
of the Greek State. This legislation allows credit institutions to treat such DTAs as not “relying on future 
profitability” according to Capital Requirement Directive (CRD) IV, and as a result such DTAs are not 
deducted from CET1, hence improving a credit institution’s capital position.  
On 7 November 2014, the Bank convened an extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting which resolved to 
include the Bank in the DTC Law. An exit by the Bank from the provisions of the DTC Law requires regulatory 
approval and a General Shareholders’ Meeting resolution. 
If the regulations governing the use of Deferred Tax Credits (DTCs) as part of the Group’s regulatory capital 
change, this may affect the Group’s capital base and consequently its capital ratios. As at 30 June 2022, 79.5% 
of the Group’s CET1 capital (including the profit for the period) was comprised of DTA eligible for DTC. 
Additionally, there can be no assurance that any final interpretation of the amendments described above will 
not change or that the European Commission will not rule the treatment of the DTCs under Greek law illegal 
and as a result Greek credit institutions will ultimately not be allowed to maintain certain DTCs as regulatory 
capital. If any of these risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to 
maintain sufficient regulatory capital, which may in turn require the Group to issue additional instruments 
qualifying as regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results and financial condition and prospects. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals and 
regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various South Eastern Europe (SEE) countries may limit 
the Group’s ability to receive payments on past due loans, and anticipated changes to such laws may not have 
the desired effect. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals (including 
Greek Law 4738/2020 (into force from 1 March or 1 June 2021 depending on the provisions), which regulates 
the settlement of debts and other laws and regulations governing creditors’ rights generally vary significantly 
within the region in which the Group operates. See further “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals” for a description of Greek laws governing the bankruptcy 
of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals. In some countries, the laws offer 
significantly less protection for creditors than the bankruptcy regimes in Western Europe. In Greece, 
foreclosures and auctions of all properties were prohibited until 31 October 2015. Although the Greek

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
suspension of every enforcement action due to capital controls was lifted by 29 October 2015 official 
announcement of the Ministry of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights on 2 November 2015, a prolonged 
abstention by lawyers’, bailiffs and notaries that commenced in January 2016 and ended in November 2017 
for all parties, restrained the Bank from proceeding to enforcement, seizures and auctions of any real estate 
during that period. Further to the above, there are certain interest groups organizing demonstrations previously 
at physical auctions and currently at electronic auctions which hinder their execution and sometimes result in 
violence. Consequently, the pace at which auctions of residential properties occur is often delayed.  
Although measures undertaken in the context of the Third Programme are in principle designed to address 
certain of the foregoing concerns in respect of creditors’ rights in Greece, and reduce legal impediments to, 
and the tax consequences of, the enforcement of such rights, these measures may not be enacted as proposed 
or may not provide any of the protections to creditors that are hoped for. As a consequence, the Bank may 
continue to encounter difficulties recovering or enforcing collateral on past due loans, and such difficulties 
may be exacerbated in light of COVID-19, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition 
and results of operations. 
If the current economic conditions persist or worsen, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
bankruptcies could intensify, or applicable bankruptcy protection laws and regulations may change to limit the 
impact of the recession on corporate and retail borrowers. Such changes may have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
General risks relating to a particular issue of Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to the general bail-in tool under the BRRD (and/or, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Non-Viability Loss Absorption) and to the mandatory burden sharing 
measures for the provision of precautionary capital support, which may result in their write-down in full  
The BRRD, as implemented in Greece by the BRR Law, contemplates that the Notes may be subject to the 
general bail-in tool, which gives resolution authorities the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, including the Notes, to equity, 
which equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool. Holders of Notes subject 
to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool may result in such holders 
losing some or all of their investment. The bail-in tool may be imposed either as a sole resolution measure or 
in combination with the rest of the resolution tools that may be imposed by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
in case of the resolution of a failing Greek credit institution and/or if the credit institution receives state-aid in 
the form of Government Financial Support Tool pursuant to Articles 56-58 of the BRRD and Article 6b of 
Greek law 3864/2010 on the operation of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (the HFSF). Liabilities that are 
excluded from the bail-in tool, include, inter alia, covered deposits, secured liabilities (including covered 
bonds) and, under Greek law in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain senior liabilities (see further 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”). If the Bank is 
subjected to resolution measures in the future or receives state aid in the form of the Government Financial 
Support Tool pursuant to Articles 56-58 of the BRRD and Article 6b of Greek law 3864/2010 on the operation 
of the HFSF, then the value of the Notes subjected to such measures may be written down (up to zero) as a 
result of the imposition of the bail-in tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority. In addition to the general bail-
in tool, the BRRD contemplates that, inter alia, Subordinated Notes may be subject to Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment in respect of such Notes. 
Depending on the conditions according to which the Non-Viability Loss Absorption is exercised, Subordinated 
Notes of the Bank (which qualify or qualified at any time either in whole or in part as own funds items) that 
are disqualified as own funds items, either entirely or partially (the Disqualified Subordinated Notes), may 
not be eligible for Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Therefore, the holders of other Subordinated Notes that, at 
the time the Non-Viability Loss Absorption is exercised, still qualify as own funds may suffer a greater loss

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
than they would have suffered if the Non-Viability Loss Absorption has also been exercised in relation to the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes. . 
Moreover, the conditions for the HFSF granting precautionary recapitalisation support include, among others, 
the imposition by virtue of a Cabinet Act, pursuant to Article 6a of Greek law 3864/2010, of mandatory burden 
sharing measures on the holders of instruments of capital and other liabilities of the credit institution receiving 
such support (the Mandatory Burden Sharing Measures). The Mandatory Burden Sharing Measures include 
the absorption of losses by existing subordinated creditors by the writing down of the nominal value of their 
claims. Absorption of loss by shareholders of the credit institution, so that the equity position of the credit 
institution becomes zero, is implemented by way of a resolution of the competent corporate body of the credit 
institution which provides for the decrease of the nominal value of the shares. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be subject to the above provisions of Article 6a of the HFSF. Therefore, if the Bank were to 
receive precautionary capital support from the HFSF in the future and its equity position is negative, there can 
be no assurance that such Notes will not be subjected to write-down as a result of the Mandatory Burden 
Sharing Measures.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could also materially adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.   
See further “Factors that may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme – The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented 
and may result in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the 
resolution of the Group.” 
The circumstances in which the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise the bail-in tool or other resolution 
tools pursuant to Greek law 4335/2015 or other future statutes or regulatory acts are vague and such 
uncertainty may have an impact on the value of the Notes 
The conditions for the submission of a credit institution to resolution and the respective activation of the 
relevant powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority, are set in Article 32 of the BRRD and the BRR Law. 
Such conditions include the determination by the Relevant Resolution Authority that (a) the credit institution 
is failing or is likely to fail; (b) no reasonable prospect exists that any alternative private sector measures 
(including the write-down) would prevent the failure; and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the public 
interest, whilst the resolution objectives would not be met to the same extent by the special liquidation of the 
credit institution pursuant to normal insolvency. 
Such conditions, however, are not further specified in the applicable law and so their satisfaction is left to the 
determination and discretion of the Relevant Resolution Authority, although Guidelines of the EBA on the 
circumstances under which an institution shall be considered as “failing or likely to fail” have been published. 
Such uncertainty may impact on the market perception as to whether a credit institution meets or not such 
conditions and as such it may be subjected to resolution tools. This may have a material adverse impact on the 
present value of the Notes and other securities of the Issuer listed on organised markets. 
In addition, if any Greek bail-in action is taken, interested parties, such as creditors or shareholders, may raise 
legal challenges. If any litigation arises in relation to Greek bail-in actions (whether actually, or purported to 
be taken) and such actions are annulled and additional actions need to be taken, including reversal of any Greek 
bail-in action that is challenged, this may negatively affect liquidity and valuation, and increase the price 
volatility of the Issuer’s securities (including the Notes).

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in 
priority of payment to Senior Creditors, in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes) of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable Notes which are not subordinated (or, are non-preferred senior such as Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should 
the Issuer become insolvent. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
The intention of the Bank is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier 2 capital” of the Group and/or 
the Bank for regulatory capital purposes.  
Although it is the Bank's expectation that such Notes will qualify as “Tier 2 capital” of the Group and/or the 
Bank, there can be no assurance that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes. If there is a 
change in the regulatory classification of any Series of Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in 
their exclusion, in whole or in part, from “Tier 2 capital” of the Group and/or the Bank, the Issuer will have 
the right to redeem such Notes in accordance with Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons) (subject as set out in such Condition and Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes). There can be no assurance 
that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes. In addition, the occurrence of such 
event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption 
or repurchase or substitution or variation or modification prescribed by MREL Requirements at the relevant 
time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or 
modification due to the qualification of such Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at 
such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, as provided in Condition 11.13 
(Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In addition, under the CRD IV Package, the early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or 
modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes which qualify as eligible 
liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority where applicable from time to time under the applicable laws and regulations. The CRD IV Package 
states that the Relevant Resolution Authority would approve an early redemption of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where any of the following conditions is met: 
 
on or before such early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer replaces the Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities of an 
equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; 
 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or 
modification, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the Applicable

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the 
Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for 
continuing authorisation. 
Any early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of Subordinated Notes is subject 
to (i) the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent Authority granting 
prior permission to redeem or purchase or substitute or vary or modify the relevant Subordinated Notes, in 
each case to the extent and in the manner required by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations, including 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, and (ii) compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification, as applicable, 
set out in the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations at such time, as provided in Condition 11.14 
(Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes).  
As any early redemption, purchase, substitution, variation or modification of any such Notes will be subject to 
the prior permission of the Competent Authority, the outcome may not necessarily reflect the commercial 
intention of the Issuer or the commercial expectations of the holders of those Notes and this may have an 
adverse impact on the market value of the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to unsubordinated preferred 
obligations of the Issuer, such as Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes  
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations and will rank junior to Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes (and 
all other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, pari 
passu with Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRD IV Regulation and any other unsubordinated 
obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including deposits of 
the Bank. Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
rank senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, there is a real risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Notes for tax reasons in the circumstances described in, and in accordance 
with, Condition 11.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with Condition 11.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 11.4 (Clean-up Call 
Option) or, in respect of Subordinated Notes only and if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, following 
a change of the regulatory classification of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the circumstances described in, 
and in accordance with Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons) or, in 
respect of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only and if so

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the circumstances described and in accordance with Condition 11.8 
(Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event).  
Any redemption of the Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by MREL Requirements at the relevant time 
(including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements). See “Early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may be restricted” below 
for further information. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority 
to the extent and in the manner required by applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of 
the CRD IV Regulation. See “Early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may be restricted” above 
for further information. 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer feauture is exercisable in whole or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in part and such exercise by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer provided in Condition 11.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
is exercisable in whole or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in part. If the Issuer decides to redeem 
certain Notes in part only, such partial redemption may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in 
respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of the Notes of the same Series in 
respect of which the Issuer’s optional redemption is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in 
respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Notes may be subject to substitution and variation without Noteholder consent 
If Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms (i) in respect of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs in relation to any Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes or (ii) in respect of Subordinated Notes, at any time a Regulatory Event occurs 
in relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes or (iii) in respect of any Notes, in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, 
and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the relevant Notes 
of that Series), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, other 
than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to 
the Noteholders of the relevant Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
relevant Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
or varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes could be subject to a 
MREL Disqualification Event redemption 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, and the applicable Final 
Terms for the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes of such Series 
specify that Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, the Issuer may redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes of such Series in accordance with Condition 11.8 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) and at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms together with any outstanding 
interest. Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may only be 
redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed 
by the MREL Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption 
due to the qualification of such Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements). A MREL Disqualification 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of such Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes are, or (in 
the opinion of the Issuer, the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority) are likely to be, 
excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, subject to 
certain exceptions.  
If the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes are to be so redeemed, 
there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a 
rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. In addition, the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
could result in a decrease in the market price of the relevant Notes. 
The events of default under the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes are limited to Enforcement Events 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” applicable to the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of such 
Notes if certain events occur, except in the event of winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) as set out in Condition 14.2 (Enforcement Events—
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) (an Enforcement 
Event). Accordingly, except in the case of an Enforcement Event, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations 
under the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes, including 
the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment 
default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of 
principal or interest on the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated 
Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank 
will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than 
the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of any Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes which 
are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, please also see “In respect of any Notes issued 
with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, “Social Bond” and “Sustainable Bond”, the 
application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not meet investor expectations 
or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria” below.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
Waiver of set-off 
Under Condition 6 (Status of the Notes), each holder of an Unsubordinated MREL Note or a Senior Non-
Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Unsubordinated MREL Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note, 
as the case may be. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes 
The obligation under Condition 13 (Taxation) to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and not to payments of 
principal or premium (as applicable). As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts 
under the terms of the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to 
the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal or premium (as applicable). 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal or premium (as 
applicable) under any Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal or premium (as applicable) due under such 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, and the market value of 
such Notes may be adversely affected.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a “benchmark”, such as Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes. Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if an IBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes which reference such IBOR will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant 
IBOR rate is to be determined under the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant 
IBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant IBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes which 
reference the relevant IBOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer 
or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) by 
an Adjustment Spread. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page or Reset Relevant Screen Page (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  If the Independent Adviser or, 
as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, then the necessary amendments shall be made to vary the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” and the Agency Agreement without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
as provided by Condition 9.4 (Benchmark Amendments).  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, “Social Bond” and 
“Sustainable Bond”, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not 
meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria  
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes (or an amount equal thereto) towards the 
financing and/or refinancing of projects specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly 
and other environmental purposes, in accordance with the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework 
(as defined below), as further described in the “General Information – Use of proceeds” section of this Base 
Prospectus (Green Projects) and/or that promote access to labour market and accomplishment of general 
interest initiatives, as further described below in the “General Information – Use of proceeds” section of this 
Base Prospectus (Social Projects) and/or that promote both Green Projects and Social Projects (respectively, 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds). The Issuer may request, on an annual basis, starting 
one year after the issuance of any such Notes and until full allocation, annual post-issuance review of the 
allocation of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainable 
Bonds, provided by a qualified external party. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in 
the “General Information – Use of proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary 
(including the then applicable National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework, as defined below). In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green 
Projects and for any Social Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of, or related to, 
the relevant Green Projects or the relevant Social Projects).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus 
for a particular project to be defined as, a "green", “social” or “sustainable” or equivalently labelled project is 
still under development. As a result, there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such 
a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not 
significantly change. A basis for the determination of the definitions of, inter alia, “green” has been established 
in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy). On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act, introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to define which activities contribute 
substantially to two of the environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate 
change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act). The Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. In addition, on 9 March 2022 the European 
Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and 
gas activities, which is expected to enter into force from 1 January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the 
European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) which is expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
delegated act that is adopted by the European Commission in implementation of the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (the Taxonomy Regulation 
Delegated Acts) may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other 
amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the Issuer's Green and/or Social Projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" (or other equivalently labelled) performance 
objectives (including those set out under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation and any Taxonomy 
Regulation Delegated Act) or that any adverse social or green and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any green or social project. Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, 
regulatory and market conventions in the green and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal 
frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the 
ICMA’s Green Bond Principles and/or the EU framework standard. Such changes may have a negative impact 
on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Bond or Social Bond issued prior to their implementation.  
In April 2020, the Issuer published a framework relating to investments in Green Projects, which may be 
amended or updated from time to time, (the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework) which is 
available 
on 
the 
Bank’s 
website 
(https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/nbgportal/debt-
investors/documents/NBG-Green-Bond-Framework_April-
2020vF.pdf?rev=6d3b4d606fa244fc8f5f51b84c776beb), together with a second-party opinion on the National 
Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (the Second-Party Opinion). The most recent version of the National 
Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework will be available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework nor the Second-Party Opinion is, or shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer, and including for the 
avoidance of doubt the Second-Party Opinion) which may or may not be made available in connection with 
the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and in particular with any Green Projects or 
any Social Projects, as appropriate, to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainable Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds. Currently, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In addition, a withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green or social assets. The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose.  
In the event that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Green Projects and to any Social Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds so specified, respectively, for Green Projects and/or Social Projects in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (with respect to the Green Bonds only), this 
Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or 
use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects and any Social Projects, as appropriate, will be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and 
that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green Projects and/or the specified 
Social Projects, as applicable. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects or such Social Projects, 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related 
to the environmental goals, social goals, sustainability goals or similar goals) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with reporting obligations or to obtain any 
assessment, opinion or certification in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, or any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Notes no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any securities exchange or market, or any such failure to apply 
the proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) for any Green Projects or Social Projects or to obtain 
and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications and irrespective of the results or outcome 
or otherwise of any Green Project or Social Project), will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against 
the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer 
to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any 
optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as 
Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or 
as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); or (v) prevent the applicability of the bail-in powers or, as 
appropriate, Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds will be 
segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds shall not 
depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, 
social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure (as described in the paragraph above) and/or any such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and also 
potentially the value of any other Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds which are intended to 
finance, as appropriate, Green Projects and to finance Social Projects and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds may also qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities. Among the risks applicable to the Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is 
initiated in respect of the Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
Sustainable Bonds qualifying as Tier 2 capital, even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain 
conditions are met, in which case the fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor are the risks 
related to their level of subordination affected. 
Investors should refer to the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (as further described in 
“General Information – Use of proceeds” below) for further information with respect to the Green Bonds only. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Fixed Reset Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate or the applicable Reference 
Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Reset Margin as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Fixed Reset Rate of Interest). The 
Fixed Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or the Fixed Reset 
Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Reset 
Notes. See “The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
or Fixed Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks" below for further information. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer of such Notes has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
the then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its 
Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Change of law 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” are based on English law (or, in respect of Condition 6.2 (Status – 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), Condition 6.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes) and Condition 27 (Resolution and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), the laws of the Hellenic Republic) in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English 
or Greek law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Greek tax laws are uncertain and the Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer in the event 
of changes in tax laws, including changes in application or official interpretation of such laws 
Greek tax laws are uncertain and subject to change. Greek Law 4172/2013 on income taxation (as amended 
and currently in force), which is applicable for tax years commencing from 1 January 2014 onwards, was 
enacted recently and certain of its provisions may not yet have been fully interpreted or clarified by the 
competent departments of the Greek Ministry of Finance in accordance with the Greek Ministry of Finance's 
past practice. Consequently, such law may be subject to contrary or differing future interpretations, guidelines 
or other form of instructions that may be issued by the Greek Ministry of Finance and the Independent 
Authority for Public Revenue in the form of circulars, ministerial decisions or other secondary legislation. It 
is also noted that provisions concerning taxation of interest were significantly amended in December 2019 and 
no guidelines or other form of instructions on the interpretation of the new provisions have yet been issued by 
the competent authorities. 
If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Hellenic Republic or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer would be required to pay additional 
amounts under the Notes, then the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity 
pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) at a redemption price equal to the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount.  
There is a risk that at the time of such redemption an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (which need 
not be in a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference 
platform) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing 
or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign 
the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
69 
 
 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Bearer Global Notes or 
Registered Global Notes (together, the Global Notes) that may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC (each as defined under 
“Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales”). Except in the circumstances described 
in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their 
respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under 
the Notes. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under 
the Deed of Covenant.  
Risks related to the market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease:(i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; 
(ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
70 
 
 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates are subsequently increased above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country 
non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Information included in the following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus as set out in the relevant cross-reference lists: 
(a) 
the Group and Bank Annual Financial Report for the period ended on 31 December 2020, which 
includes the Independent Auditor’s Report and the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the 
Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Annual Financial Statements), 
available at: https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/nbgportal/reports/migrated-data/files/english/the-
group/investor-relations/financial-information/annual-interim-financial-
statements/documents/annual-and-interim-financial-statements/annual-financial-report-
2020_en.pdf?rev=7f8635978780426c8459f5d48343b3e2; 
(b) 
the Group and Bank Annual Financial Report for the period ended on 31 December 2021, which 
includes the Independent Auditor’s Report and the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the 
Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the 2021 Annual Financial Statements), 
available 
at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/Group/enhmerwsh-
ependutwn/Annual_Financial_Reports/Annual-Financial-Report-2021-
EN.pdf?rev=1af4ccd624fb46b1a0e321f203dc4fde;  
(c) 
the Group and Bank Six Months Financial Report for the period ended on 30 June 2022, which 
includes the Independent Auditor's Review Report and the Unaudited Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the Group for the period ended 30 June 2022 (the June 2022 Interim Financial 
Statements), 
available 
at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/Group/enhmerwsh-
ependutwn/Financial-statements-annual-interim/Financial-Report-30-06-2022-
EN.pdf?rev=30d42e6cae7446c89d0833fcd021bbf6; and 
(d) 
the Group Interim Financial Statements for the period ended on 30 September 2022, which includes 
the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Group as of and for the nine months ended 
30 September 2022 (the September 2022 Interim Financial Statements), available at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/Group/enhmerwsh-ependutwn/Financial-statements-annual-
interim/Financial-Report-30-09-2022-EN.pdf?rev=3c4cce3ac7f74ba7916e8e0292cec571. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Bank and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 72 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
72 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE GROUP AND BANK 2020 ANNUAL 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 2021 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Information Incorporated 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
Economic and Financial Review - key 
developments in the Macroeconomic and 
Financial environment - Global Economy & 
Financial Environment 
 
pp. 32-33 
pp. 32-34 
Appendix for alternative performance measures 
 
pp. 135-137 
pp. 158-159 
Independent 
Auditor’s 
Report
 ................................................................  
 
pp. 144-149 
pp. 174 -180 
Statement 
of 
Financial 
Position
 ................................................................  
 
p. 151 
p. 182 
Income 
Statement
 ................................................................  
 
p. 152 
p. 183 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income
 ................................................................  
 
p. 153 
p. 184 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Equity 
– 
Group
 ................................................................  
 
p. 154 
p. 185 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Equity 
– 
Bank
 ................................................................  
 
p. 155 
p. 186 
Cash 
Flow 
Statement
 ................................................................  
 
p. 156 
p. 187 
Notes 
to 
the 
Financial 
Statements
 ................................................................  
 
pp. 157-278 
pp. 188-314 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE GROUP AND BANK JUNE 2022 INTERIM 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Information Incorporated 
30 June 2022 
Board of Directors Report – 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan and Ukraine crisis 
pp. 13 - 15 
Board of Directors Report – Corporate Governance 
pp. 40 - 41 
Appendix for alternative performance measures  
pp. 42 - 44 
Independent Auditor’s Review Report  
p. 46 
Statement of Financial Position  
p. 48 
Income Statement – 6-month period  
p. 49 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 6-month period  
p. 50 
Income Statement – 3-month period  
p. 51 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 3 month period  
p. 52 
Statement of Changes in Equity - Group  
p. 53 
Statement of Changes in Equity - Bank  
p. 54 
Cash Flow Statement  
p. 55 
Notes to the Financial Statements  
pp. 56 - 91

--- Page 73 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
73 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE GROUP SEPTEMBER 2022 INTERIM 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Information Incorporated 
30 September 2022  
Statement of Financial 
Position
 ..................................................................................................................  
p. 3 
Income Statement – 9 month 
period
 ..................................................................................................................  
p. 4 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 9 month 
period
 ..................................................................................................................  
p. 5 
Income Statement – 3 month 
period
 ..................................................................................................................  
p. 6 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 3 month 
period
 ..................................................................................................................  
p. 7 
Statement of Changes in Equity - 
Group
 ..................................................................................................................  
p. 8 
Cash Flow 
Statement
 ..................................................................................................................  
p. 9 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 ..................................................................................................................  
pp. 10-39 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at specified offices of the Paying Agents and will be available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on or incorporated by reference in each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Forms of the Notes and 
Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales – Conditions applicable to Bearer Global Notes and Registered 
Global Notes”. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme 
National Bank of Greece S.A. (the Bank or the Issuer) is the issuer under a Global Medium Term 
Note Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of notes (the Notes). 
1.2 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the 
Final Terms) which completes these terms and conditions (the Conditions). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms.  
1.3 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 16 December 2022 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, the Agency Agreement) between the Bank, The Bank 
of New York Mellon acting through its London branch as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent, which 
expression includes any successor Fiscal Agent appointed by the Bank from time to time in connection 
with the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the 
Registrar, which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer and paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal 
Agent and the Registrar, the Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
1.4 
Deed of Covenant 
The Notes are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 16 December 2022 (as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) made by the Issuer. 
1.5 
The Notes 
The Notes are in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or in registered form (Registered Notes) as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and 
vice versa.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
75 
 
 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes, 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Notes may be Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
References in these Conditions to Notes means the instruments (ομολογίες in Greek) issued by the 
Bank under Articles 59 et seq of Greek Law 4548/2018 and Article 14 of Greek Law 3156/2003, each 
as applicable from time to time. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are obtainable during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes (as 
defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation)) the Registrar and, in any event, at the Specified Office of the 
Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
1.6 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are subject to 
their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to 
them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection or 
collection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying 
Agents or may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying 
Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying 
Agent. 
2. 
Interpretation 
Definitions:  
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
76 
 
 
case may be), or reflects an industry-accepted rate, formula or methodology in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or 
(c) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate having regard to the objective, so far as 
is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this paragraph 
(c), of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Noteholders. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
in accordance with Condition 9.2 (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage 
or is an industry-accepted rate in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Amortised Face Amount has the meaning given in Condition 11.10 (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes); 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time any requirements contained in the laws, 
regulations, rules, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in the Hellenic Republic, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the 
Bank and/or the Group from time to time including any applicable transitional provisions, including, 
but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, and delegated or implementing acts adopted by 
the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority in connection 
with the CRD IV Package and/or the BRRD; 
Bearer Note means a Note in bearer form; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 (Benchmark Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or ceasing to be administered on a permanent or indefinite basis; or 
(b) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
(i) will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing or (ii) has ceased 
to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following 
six months or is no longer (or will no longer be) representative of its underlying market or that

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
77 
 
 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case in circumstances 
where the same shall be applicable to the Notes; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day (other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in such currency and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that:

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
78 
 
 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Greece or other governmental authority in the Hellenic 
Republic (or other country in which the Bank is then domiciled) and/or to the extent applicable in any 
relevant situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Bank or the 
Group; 
Coupon means an interest coupon pertaining to a Bearer Note; 
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
Couponholder means the holder of a Coupon; 
Covered Bond means any bond, note or other security (however defined) designated by the Bank as 
a covered bond and secured on a defined pool of assets; 
CRD IV Directive means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V 
Directive); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive and (ii) the CRD IV Regulation; 
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
79 
 
 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Regulation);  
CRD V Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; 
Day Count Fraction means (subject as provided in Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note and Fixed Reset 
Note Provisions)), in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note in accordance 
with these Conditions: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (i) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (i) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (i) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (ii) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(b) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
80 
 
 
(f) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
81 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1, will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30; 
Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
Early Redemption Amount means (i) in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) in 
respect of Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; 
Early Redemption Date means a date prior to the scheduled Maturity Date on which the Issuer, in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Redemption and Purchase), redeems the Notes; 
Exchange Rate means the exchange rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Reset Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Rate in respect of the First Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 7.2(a) (Accrual of interest); 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fixed Reset Rate of Interest has the meaning given in Condition 7.2 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions); 
Floating Leg Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
82 
 
 
Floating Leg Screen Page has the meaning given in the Relevant Final Terms; 
Group means the Bank and each entity within the prudential consolidation of the Bank pursuant to 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
Group Entity means the Bank or any entity that is part of the Group; 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness; 
Holder means a Registered Holder or, as the context requires, the holder of a Bearer Note; 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 9.1 (Independent Adviser); 
Initial Interest Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements, whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State or, if 
appropriate, a third country (not or no longer being a Member State) in effect and applicable in the

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
83 
 
 
relevant Member State or, if appropriate, third country (not or no longer being a Member State) to the 
Bank or other Group Entities, including (but not limited to), the bail-in powers provided for by Articles 
43 and 44 of Greek law 4335/2015 which has transposed BRRD, the write-down powers provided for 
by Articles 59 and 60 of Greek law 4335/2015, the general resolution powers provided for by Article 
63 of Greek law 4335/2015 including the power to reduce (which reduction may be to zero) the 
principal amount of or outstanding amount due, the power to convert eligible liabilities into ordinary 
shares or other instruments of ownership, the power to cancel debt instruments and the power to amend 
or alter the maturity of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities or amend the amount of interest 
payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, and any other such laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any 
European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and/or within 
the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of 
a credit institution, investment firm and/or Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled, modified and/or 
converted into shares or other obligations of the obligor or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 7.2 (Fixed 
Reset Note Provisions), the rate for the Reset Determination Date of, in the case of semi-annual or 
annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-
annual swap rate to be converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case 
of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, expressed as a percentage, 
which appears on the Reset Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If such rate does not appear on the Reset Relevant Screen Page (other than in 
circumstances provided for in Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to occur if, at any time, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Notes are, or (in the opinion of the Issuer, the Competent 
Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority) are likely to be, excluded fully or partially from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements; provided that a MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where (a) the exclusion of a Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes from the MREL Requirements is due to (i) the remaining 
maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, or (ii) the relevant Notes 
being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes from the MREL Requirements is solely due to (i) such Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes failing to meet a requirement in relation to their ranking on insolvency of the Issuer or 
(ii) there being insufficient headroom for such Unsubordinated MREL Notes within a prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities, if any;

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
84 
 
 
MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date means (i) in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or such earlier date as may be 
permitted under the MREL Requirements and/or the Applicable Banking Regulations (as applicable) 
from time to time. 
MREL Requirements means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Bank and/or the Group at such time (including 
any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity 
instruments adopted by the Hellenic Republic, a Competent Authority or a Relevant Resolution 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied 
generally or specifically to the Bank and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, 
superseded or replaced from time to time; 
Non-Greek Legal Person means a legal person which under Greek law is not resident in the Hellenic 
Republic for tax purposes and does not have a permanent establishment in Greece for tax purposes, 
does not hold the Notes through a custodian established in Greece and does not receive payment of 
interest under the Notes in the Hellenic Republic; 
Note Certificate means a certificate issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its registered 
holding; 
Noteholder means a holder of a Bearer Note or, as the context requires, a Registered Holder; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) or a Fixed Reset Rate of Interest (or 
any component part(s) thereof) on the Notes, (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which 
has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
Original Reference Rate shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Payment Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) which 
(subject to Condition 15 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
85 
 
 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Postponed Early Redemption Date means the tenth Business Day following the Early Redemption 
Date (if any); 
Postponed Interest Payment Date means the tenth Business Day following the originally scheduled 
Interest Payment Date; 
Postponed Maturity Date means the tenth Business Day following the originally scheduled Maturity 
Date; 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it 
means Auckland; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at 
the option of the Noteholder; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the surviving entity assuming the 
obligations of the Issuer does not benefit from a credit rating equal to or higher than the credit rating 
assigned to the Issuer or the Notes (to the extent any such Notes are rated) prior to the amalgamation, 
merger or reconstruction; or (ii) any rating agency, having been notified of the proposed 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction, shall have stated within 30 days thereafter that, as a result of 
such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction, the credit rating of the Issuer or the surviving entity 
assuming the obligations of the Issuer or any Notes issued by the Issuer (to the extent any such Notes 
are rated) would be downgraded; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
86 
 
 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; 
Reference Bond means (a) the security specified in the relevant Final Terms or (b) if, at the Reference 
Bond Quotation Time on the third business day in Athens preceding the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, such other central bank or government security 
that, in the majority opinion of three Reference Dealers (i) has a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Notes and (ii) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes. In the event that each such Reference Dealer selects a different central 
bank or government security, the Issuer shall approach a fourth Reference Dealer and, from the three 
different central bank or government securities selected by the other Reference Dealers, such fourth 
Reference Dealer shall select as the Reference Bond the central bank or government security which, 
in its opinion (i) has a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes and (ii) would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. The 
central bank or government security so selected by the fourth Reference Dealer shall then be the 
Reference Bond. 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (i) the arithmetic average 
of the Reset Reference Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reset Reference Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reset 
Reference Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only 
one Reset Reference Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reset Reference Dealer Quotations are 
received, the First Reset Rate shall be the Initial Interest Rate and any Subsequent Reset Rate shall be 
determined to be the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
Reference Bond Quotation Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Bond Rate means, (i) in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 11.3 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) if Make-whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, with respect 
to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the rate per annum equal to the 
average of the five quotations of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the 
mid-market semi-annual or annual yield to maturity (with such mid-market yield to maturity to be 
converted to a quarterly mid-market yield to maturity in accordance with market convention, in the 
case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) of the Reference Bond at the Reference Bond Quotation 
Time on the third business day in Athens preceding the Optional Redemption Date (Call) quoted in 
writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers or, (ii) in the case of the calculation of interest in respect 
of a Reset Period, with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Reset Determination Date, the rate 
per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count 
basis) of the Reset Reference Bond at the Reset Determination Time on the Reset Determination Date 
assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
Redemption Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Reference Dealers means five (or, in the circumstances set out in the definition of Reference Bond 
and Reset Reference Bond below, three or four) credit institutions or financial services institutions 
that regularly deal in bonds and other debt securities as selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
87 
 
 
Register means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of Registered Notes in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement; 
Registered Holder means the person in whose name a Registered Note is for the time being registered 
in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof); 
Registered Note means a Note in registered form; 
A Regulatory Event will occur if at any time there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that occurs on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of Subordinated 
Notes that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the Tier 2 
Capital of the Group and/or the Bank and both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent 
Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Bank demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness having an original maturity of more than one-year 
which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, 
certificate or other note, but excluding any Covered Bond, which, with the consent of the issuer of 
such security, is or is intended to be listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange, over the-counter 
or other organised market for securities (whether or not initially distributed by way of private 
placement); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority of the Hellenic Republic, the Single 
Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power 
from time to time;  
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (or 
any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular information service, including, 
without limitation Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such 
other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate;

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
88 
 
 
Relevant Settlement Currency Amount means the Specified Currency amount per Specified 
Denomination which would have been payable on the Relevant Date if the Settlement Disruption 
Event had not occurred; 
Relevant Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), in the case of EURIBOR; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reserved Matter means, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to cancel or reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in 
respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under 
the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the second 
Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset Date;  
Reset Determination Time means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such other 
time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reset Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on 
the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency, such day count basis 
as determined by the Calculation Agent), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Reset Date and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined by the Calculation Agent), is equivalent 
to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
(b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Reset Relevant Screen Page 
was the Floating Leg Screen Page; 
Reset Rate means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate or (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Reference Bond Rate; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
7.2 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions), the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-
Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date. The 
Calculation Agent Agent will request the principal office of each of the Reset Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of its rate. If at least five quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
89 
 
 
for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the last observable rate (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) for, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual 
or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be converted to a quarterly rate 
in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, expressed as a percentage, which appeared on the Reset Relevant Screen 
Page prior to 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date or if none, the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period 
or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate, provided that the Reset Reference Bank Rate will not be the 
last observable rate if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Bank, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Group and/or the Bank and/or result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non- Preferred Notes from the eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements; 
Reset Reference Banks means five leading banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate in the Specified Currency with an equivalent 
maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Bank on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute; 
Reset Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a central bank or government security issued by 
the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) that, in the majority opinion of three Reference Dealers (i) has 
the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and (ii) would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period. In the event that each such Reference Dealer selects a different 
central bank or government security, the Issuer shall approach a fourth Reference Dealer and, from 
the three different central bank or government securities selected by the other Reference Dealers, such 
fourth Reference Dealer shall select as the Reset Reference Bond the central bank or government 
security which, in its opinion (i) has the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and (ii) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. The central bank or 
government security so selected by the fourth Reference Dealer shall then be the Reset Reference 
Bond. 
Reset Reference Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any Reset 
Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such 
Reference Dealer; 
Reset Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular information service, 
including, without limitation Reuters) as specified as the Reset Relevant Screen Page in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service, or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
90 
 
 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Mid-Swap Rate; 
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Bank or 
any other Group entity, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
Second Reset Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
Senior Creditors means creditors of the Bank (a) who are unsubordinated creditors of the Bank, 
including Holders of Unsubordinated Notes and/or Unsubordinated MREL Notes, (b) who are Holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or holders of other obligations of the Bank which rank or are expressed 
to rank pari passu with Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (c) who are subordinated creditors of the Bank 
whose claims rank or are expressed to rank in priority (whether only in the winding up, dissolution, 
liquidation and/or bankruptcy of the Bank or otherwise) to the claims of the Holders of Subordinated 
Notes;  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes has the meaning given in Condition 6.2 (Status – Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes); 
Settlement Determination Period means (a) in relation to any Interest Payment Date, the period 
which falls between ten and three Business Days (inclusive) preceding any relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as adjusted in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention; (b) in relation to the 
Maturity Date, the period which falls between ten and three Business Days (inclusive) preceding the 
Maturity Date, as adjusted in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention; and (c) in 
relation to any Early Redemption Date, as adjusted in accordance with the Following Business Day 
Convention, the period which falls between ten and three Business Days (inclusive) preceding any 
Early Redemption Date, as the case may be; 
Settlement Disruption Event means, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the imposition of laws or regulations by the central 
banking authority or other legislative, governmental or regulatory authority of the jurisdiction of the 
Specified Currency which (a) require non-residents of such jurisdiction to obtain permission from such 
central banking authority or other authority to obtain the Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict 
a non-resident's ability to obtain the Specified Currency or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or 
holding of the Specified Currency by non-residents of such jurisdiction such that costs are imposed on 
obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence of such regulations, or 
(d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting the transfer of the Specified 
Currency between non-residents of such jurisdiction; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
91 
 
 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including by the SRM II Regulation); 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Subordinated Notes has the meaning given in Condition 6.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes); 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Rate for the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Period; 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Bank at any particular time, any entity: 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the Bank controls or has the power to control, whether by ownership 
of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of 
such entity or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the Bank; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons; 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor or replacement for that system 
thereto is open; 
Tier 2 Capital means capital that is treated as constituting tier 2 capital under Applicable Banking 
Regulations from time to time (and shall also include any successor or substitute term applicable 
pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations) for regulatory capital purposes;  
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes has the meaning given in Condition 6.1 (Status — Unsubordinated 
Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes); and 
Unsubordinated Notes has the meaning given in Condition 6.1 (Status — Unsubordinated Notes and 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes). 
3. 
Interpretation: 
(a) 
In these Conditions: 
(b) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(c) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
92 
 
 
(d) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(e) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(f) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(g) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(h) 
if an expression is stated in this Condition 2 to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
4. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
4.1 
Notes in Bearer Form 
Bearer Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons 
will pass by delivery. The Holder of any Bearer Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required 
by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
4.2 
Notes in Registered Form 
Registered Notes are issued in the Specified Denominations and may be held in holdings at least equal 
to the Specified Denomination (an Authorised Holding). The Holder of each Registered Note in 
whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any previous loss or theft of 
such Note Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
5. 
Register and Transfers of Registered Notes 
5.1 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
A Note Certificate will be issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its holding. Each Note 
Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the 
Register.

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
93 
 
 
5.2 
Transfers 
Subject to Conditions 5.5 (Closed periods) and 5.6 (Regulations concerning transfers and 
registration), a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, 
with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals 
who have executed the form of transfer, provided however, that a Registered Note may not be 
transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Notes 
not transferred are Authorised Holdings. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
5.3 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with Condition 5.2 
(Transfers), the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a 
like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each Registered Holder at its Specified 
Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk 
of any such relevant Registered Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the 
address specified for the purpose by such Registered Holder. In this Condition 5.3, business day means 
a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in 
the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified 
Office. 
5.4 
No charge 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
5.5 
Closed periods 
Registered Holders may not require transfers to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes or (ii) during 
the period of 15 days before the Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 11.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 11.4 (Clean-up Call Option) or 
(iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of 7 days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date. 
5.6 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may 
be changed by the Bank with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Registered Holder who requests in 
writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
6. 
Status of the Notes 
6.1 
Status — Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
Condition 6.1(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being 
Unsubordinated Notes (Unsubordinated Notes) and in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms 
as being Unsubordinated MREL Notes (Unsubordinated MREL Notes). Condition 6.1(b) is 
applicable in relation to Unsubordinated MREL Notes only. 
(a) 
The Unsubordinated Notes and the Unsubordinated MREL Notes constitute direct, general, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank (i) pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, (ii) junior to present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer which are preferred 
by mandatory provisions of law (and which rank in priority to the Unsubordinated Notes and 
the Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and (iii) in priority to present and future obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of (A) Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), Subordinated Notes (and all other present and future unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes) and 
any other subordinated obligations of the Issuer and (B) the share capital of the Issuer.   
(b) 
Each Holder of Unsubordinated MREL Notes unconditionally and irrevocably waives any 
right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of the Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes.  To the extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
between: (y) any amount owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder or Couponholder arising under 
or in connection with the Unsubordinated MREL Notes issued by the Issuer or the Coupons 
relating thereto and (z) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder or, as the case may 
be, Couponholder, such Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder will immediately 
transfer such amount which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding up or 
dissolution or liquidation and/or bankruptcy, the liquidator, administrator or other relevant 
insolvency official of the Issuer.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
6.2 
Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
(a) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will rank at all times (i) pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (ii) junior to present and future obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes (and all other present and 
future obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and any other unsubordinated 
obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
including deposits of the Bank (including, for the avoidance of doubt, claims arising from 
excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRD IV Regulation) and (iii) 
in priority to present and future subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer in respect

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
95 
 
 
of (A) Subordinated Notes (and all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes) and any other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and (B) the share capital of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Each Holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. To the 
extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: (y) any 
amount owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder or Couponholder arising under or in connection 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer or the Coupons relating thereto; and 
(z) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder, 
such Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder will immediately transfer such amount 
which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding up or dissolution or liquidation 
and/or bankruptcy, the liquidator, administrator or other relevant insolvency official of the 
Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
6.3 
Status — Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.3 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes (Subordinated Notes).  
(a) 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times (i) subject to mandatory provisions of law, pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future subordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
the Subordinated Notes, (ii) junior to present and future obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes (and all other present and future 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with Unsubordinated 
Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and all other 
present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other obligations of the Issuer (including 
subordinated obligations, if relevant) which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes, including deposits of the Bank and (iii) in priority to present and future 
subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (A) which rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Subordinated Notes and (B) in respect of the share capital of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify 
or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Tier 2 Capital, such 
Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors 
(including depositors and holders of Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Bank, pari passu among themselves and with the 
Bank’s obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments which have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items and with all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Bank which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the 
form of Tier 2 Capital) and senior to own fund items. 
The claims of the Holders will be subordinated to the claims of Senior Creditors, in that, 
subject as set out in (b) below, payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (whether in the winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
96 
 
 
the Issuer or otherwise) will be conditional upon the Issuer being solvent at the time of 
payment by the Issuer and in that no principal or interest shall be payable in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (whether in the winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer or otherwise) except to the extent that the Issuer could make such payment and still 
be solvent immediately thereafter. For this purpose, the Issuer shall be considered to be solvent 
if it can pay principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer 
and still be able to pay its outstanding debts to the Senior Creditors which are due and payable.  
(b) 
Notwithstanding (a) above, Holders will have a claim against the Issuer in the case of winding-
up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of the Issuer, but the Holders will only be paid 
by the Issuer after all Senior Creditors have been paid in full and the Holders irrevocably 
waive their right to be treated equally with the Senior Creditors in such circumstances.  
(c) 
Each Holder of Subordinated Notes unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of the Subordinated Notes. To the extent that any 
set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: (y) any amount owed 
by the Issuer to a Noteholder or Couponholder arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer or the Coupons relating thereto and (z) any amount 
owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder, such Noteholder 
or, as the case may be, Couponholder will immediately transfer such amount which is set-off 
to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding up or dissolution or liquidation and/or bankruptcy, 
the liquidator, administrator or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
7. 
Fixed Rate Note and Fixed Reset Note Provisions  
7.1 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
This Condition 7.1 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 7.1 (as well after as before judgment) until (and including) whichever is the earlier 
of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
97 
 
 
(c) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent. 
7.2 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 7.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Reset Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if none, the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to 
the First Reset Rate; and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date 
(if any) (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) (each a Fixed Reset Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Calculation of interest amount 
If the Reset Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being equal to the Mid-Swap Rate, 
the provisions of Condition 8.2 (Screen Rate Determination) shall apply, as applicable, in 
respect of any determination by the Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period 
in accordance with this Condition 7.2 as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes. 
The Fixed Reset Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall otherwise be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 7.2.  
In all cases, once the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the 
provisions of Condition 7.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) shall apply to Fixed Reset Notes, as 
applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
98 
 
 
8. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
8.1 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before 
judgment) until (and including) whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
8.2 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will (subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(c) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (b) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide its quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Euro Zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a 
period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
99 
 
 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or 
(as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
8.3 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where ISDA Rate in relation to any Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
8.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
8.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
8.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
100 
 
 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in 
any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead 
may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
8.7 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Bank, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
8.8 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate and (ii) in relation to ISDA Determination, as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
9. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 9 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Fixed Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
9.1 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 8 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 
7.2 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) or Fixed Reset Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 9.2 (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 9.3 (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 9.4 (Benchmark Amendments)).

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
101 
 
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 9 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 9. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraph; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 9.1 prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 9.1 prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, (i) in the 
case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate on 
Fixed Reset Notes, the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Interest Rate or (iii) in 
the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate on Fixed Reset Notes, the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset 
Period, the First Reset Rate. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Fixed Reset Rate 
of Interest for Fixed Reset Notes shall be the Initial Interest Rate (as applicable). Where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Reset 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Reset Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 
9.1 shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and 
any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 9.1. 
9.2 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustement Spread determined as provided in Condition 9.3 (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) or the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 9); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustement Spread determined as provided in Condition 
9.3 (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) or the

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
102 
 
 
Fixed Reset Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 9). 
9.3 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
9.4 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 9 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 9.1 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant 
Screen Page, Relevant Time, Reset Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
(having regard to prevailing market practice, if any) of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and 
(ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 9.5 (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 9.4, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), no Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the 
terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, (a) in the determination of the Bank, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Group 
and/or the Bank and/or result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, 
and (b) in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the relevant Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) treating the next Interest Payment Date or relevant Reset 
Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
9.5 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 8 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
103 
 
 
9.6 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 9.1 (Independent Adviser) to 9.4 
(Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 8.2 (Screen Rate Determination) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
10. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.1 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 11.1 (Scheduled redemption), Condition 11.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 11.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 11.4 (Clean-up Call 
Option) or Condition 11.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders) or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 14.1 (Events of Default — Unsubordinated Notes) is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 11.10 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices).  
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
11.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). 
11.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 11.13 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11.14 (Conditions to 
Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), in 
whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
104 
 
 
on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), to 
Noteholders (which notice shall, subject to Condition 11.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, 
Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, 
Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), if applicable, be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, if: 
(i) 
on occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, in respect of payments of interest 
only): (A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction applicable to it, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes (provided 
that, in the case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 11.2 
proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, if and to the extent then 
required under the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable change or amendment is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes); and (B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; or 
(ii) 
interest payments under or with respect to the Notes issued by the Issuer are no longer (partly 
or fully) deductible for tax purposes in the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction applicable to the 
Issuer (provided that, in the case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 11.2 proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, if and to 
the extent then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable change or 
amendment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at such Issue Date), 
provided, however, that, in the case of (i) above, no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11.2 and Condition 13 (Taxation), the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction means the Hellenic Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax. 
11.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, to Condition 11.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, 
Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and, in

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
105 
 
 
the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early 
Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes)) in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) such date on the Issuer 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders (which notice shall, subject to Condition 11.13 (Conditions 
to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, 
Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), if applicable, be irrevocable 
and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such 
notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) such date. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will either be the specified percentage of the principal 
amount of the Notes stated in the relevant Final Terms or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be an amount equal to the higher of the following (the Make-Whole 
Amount), together with interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call): 
(a) 
the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and 
(b) 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on the Notes to be redeemed, up to but not including the scheduled Maturity Date, 
discounted to the Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the actual 
number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference 
Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin (if any) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in each case as determined by the Issuer. 
11.4 
Clean-up Call Option 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and (ii) the 
Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
originally issued has been redeemed (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, 
of the Notes at the Make-Whole Amount at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 11.3 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) or purchased and subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 
11, the Issuer may, from (and including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date (but subject, in the case of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 11.13 (Conditions to 
Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11.14 
(Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated 
Notes), having given not more than the maximum period nor less than minimum period of notice 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices), to the Noteholders, at any time redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding 
at the Clean-up Call Option Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if applicable, with 
unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) such date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11.4, any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 19 (Further 
Issues) so as to be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes outstanding at that time will 
be deemed to have been originally issued.  
In these Conditions:  
Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage means 75 per cent. or such other percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
106 
 
 
Clean-up Call Effective Date means (i) in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under 
the MREL Requirements and/or the Applicable Banking Regulations (as applicable) from time to time. 
11.5 
Partial redemption 
Partial redemption of Bearer Notes: 
If Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 11.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of 
lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which 
the Notes are then listed, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), and the notice to Noteholders referred 
to in Condition 11.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the 
Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Partial Redemption of Registered Notes: 
If Registered Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 11.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Registered Note shall be redeemed in part in the 
proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registered Notes to be redeemed 
on the relevant Option Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Registered Notes on such date provided always that the amount redeemed or purchased in respect of 
each Note shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof, or an integral multiple thereof. 
11.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
This Condition 11.6 is applicable (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) only in relation to Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Unsubordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” shall be construed accordingly.  
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the Holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer no less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to (but 
excluding) such date. No Series of Subordinated Notes shall contain the Put Option. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 11.6, the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Agent or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) such Note together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable 
from any Agent. The Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in accordance with this Condition 11.6, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment 
of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in 
the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
107 
 
 
depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance with this Condition 11.6, the depositor of such 
Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of Note for all purposes. 
11.7 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons 
This Condition 11.7 is applicable (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) only in relation to Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
If Regulatory Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer may 
(subject to Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and 
Modification of Subordinated Notes)):  
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),  
on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), to 
Noteholders (which notice shall, subject to Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, 
Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding 
at any time at their Early Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if a Regulatory Event has occurred and is 
continuing. 
11.8 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 11.8 is applicable (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) only in relation to Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
If Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Issuer may from (and including) the MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date (in 
the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to Condition 11.13 
(Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and 
Modification of Subordinated Notes)):  
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),  
on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), to 
Noteholders (which notice shall, in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, subject to Condition 11.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption,

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
108 
 
 
Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early 
Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes)), be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time 
at their Early Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing. 
11.9 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 11.1 
(Scheduled redemption) to 11.8 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event) (as may be 
applicable to the Notes). 
11.10 Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 


y
AY
1
RP
ount
demptionAm
Re
Early



 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
11.11 Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (subject, in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 11.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early 
Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes)) purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith.

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
109 
 
 
11.12 Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries under Condition 11.11 
(Purchase), and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them, may be held or resold 
or surrendered for cancellation. 
11.13 Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Any redemption or purchase or modification pursuant to Condition 18.2 (Modification) or substitution 
or variation pursuant to Condition 18.3 (Substitution and Variation) of Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL 
Requirements is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or 
repurchase or modification or substitution or variation prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained prior permission of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRD IV Regulation, where one 
of the following conditions is met:  
(a) 
on or before such redemption, purchase, modification, substitution or variation (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the relevant Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its 
own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption, purchase, modification, 
substitution or variation (as applicable), exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant Unsubordinated MREL Notes and/or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own 
funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorisation,subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the 
conditions set out in paragraph (a) or (b) above. 
11.14 Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption or purchase or modification pursuant to Condition 18.2 (Modification) or substitution 
or variation pursuant to Condition 18.3 (Substitution and Variation) of Subordinated Notes is subject 
to: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting 
prior permission to redeem or purchase or modify or substitute or vary the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, in each case to the extent and in the manner required by the then relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation; and

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
110 
 
 
(b) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption or 
purchase or modification or substitution or variation, as applicable, set out in the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations at such time. 
12. 
Payments 
12.1 
Payments under Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 12.1(h) (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in Condition 12.1(a) (Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City 
If any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments of principal or interest may be made at 
the Specified Office of an Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Agents will be able to make payment of the 
full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, 
(ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by 
applicable United States law without involving adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its 
Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer 
Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment, provided however, that if the gross

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
111 
 
 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
Relevant Coupons) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment, provided 
however, that where this paragraph (A) would otherwise require a fraction of a 
missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment, provided however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available 
for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 12.1(a) 
(Principal) against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due 
date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 
11.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
11.4 (Clean-up Call Option), Condition 11.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders), Condition 
11.8 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes for regulatory reasons) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation 
of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York 
City if permitted by Condition 12.1(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for 
payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such 
payment.

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
112 
 
 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon 
Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further 
Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 15 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12.2 
Payments under Registered Notes 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note will be made against presentation and 
surrender of the Registered Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the 
Registered Holder appearing in the Register at the close of business on the third business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Specified Office of 
the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a 
Registered Holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held 
by a Registered Holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the 
case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) 
maintained by a Registered Holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment 
in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note will be made by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city 
where the Specified Office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to 
the Registered Holder appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the 
Record Date) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application 
of the Registered Holder to the Specified Office of the Registrar not less than three business days in 
the city where the Specified Office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of 
interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the 
Registered Notes which become payable to the Registered Holder who has made the initial application 
until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such Registered Holder. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same 
manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
113 
 
 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Registered Holders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due date 
or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in 
the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for 
payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of an Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest 
payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Registered Holder shall not be 
entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due 
date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this 
Condition 12.2 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
13. 
Taxation  
13.1 
Gross up 
All payments of principal (in respect of Unsubordinated Notes only) and interest in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts in respect of principal and interest or, in respect of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, interest only, as will result in the 
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) of such amounts as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment:  
(a) 
in the Hellenic Republic; or  
(b) 
by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with a 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or  
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant Holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or Coupon on the 
last day of such period of 30 days; or  
(d) 
by or on behalf of a Holder who would not be liable or subject to such withholding or 
deduction if it were to comply with a statutory requirement or to make a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption but fails to do so.  
If Extended Gross-Up is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, notwithstanding the 
above, exceptions (a), (b) and (d) shall not apply to any Noteholder or Couponholder regarding interest 
payments under the Notes, if such payments to Non-Greek Legal Persons, at the time of the relevant 
interest payment, are subject to income tax withholding under the laws of the Hellenic Republic.

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
114 
 
 
13.2 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Bank becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, references in the Conditions to the Hellenic Republic shall be construed 
as references to the Hellenic Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
14. 
Events of Default 
14.1 
Events of Default — Unsubordinated Notes 
This Condition 14.1 is applicable only in relation to Unsubordinated Notes and references to “Notes” 
and “Noteholders” shall be construed accordingly. If any of the following events occurs, and is 
continuing (each an Event of Default): 
(a) 
Non-payment: 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven days of the 
due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes 
within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under or 
in respect of the Notes issued by it and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after 
written notice thereof requiring the same to be remedied and addressed to the Issuer by any 
Noteholder has been delivered to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-default/cross-acceleration: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid when due or within any originally applicable 
grace period; 
(ii) 
the repayment of any such Indebtedness is accelerated by reason of default and such 
acceleration has not been rescinded or annulled; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due or within any originally applicable grace period any 
amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in paragraph (i) and/or paragraph (ii) 
above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in paragraph (iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds €15,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: 
one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial review is 
permissible under applicable law for the payment of an aggregate amount in excess of 
€15,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the 
Issuer and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof 
or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced:

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
115 
 
 
a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is appointed, 
of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer and in 
any of the foregoing cases it shall not be stayed or discharged within 60 days; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: 
(x) the Issuer shall be declared insolvent by a court of competent jurisdiction or is unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due, (y) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or over half of the 
assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (or application for any such appointment is 
made), (z) the Issuer makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or 
for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness 
or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (zz) the Issuer ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business (other than for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction (i) with another company and such company assumes all the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes, provided that no Rating Downgrade occurs following such 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction or (ii) on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation, dissolution 
and/or bankruptcy of the Issuer (other than (i) if such order or resolution is in connection with 
an amalgamantion, merger or reconstruction while solvent of the Issuer with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, provided that no 
Rating Downgrade occurs following such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction or (ii) for 
the purpose of amalgamation, merger or reconstruction on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(h) 
Analogous Event: 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Hellenic Republic has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) inclusive above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of payment 
without further action or formality. 
14.2 
Enforcement Events—Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 14.2 is applicable only in relation to Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and any references to “Notes” or “Noteholders” shall be 
construed accordingly.  
If, otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously approved 
by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of the Issuer (an Enforcement Event), 
any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Fiscal Agent, declare such Note(s) to be due and payable 
whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption unless such Enforcement 
Event shall have been remedied prior to receipt of such notice by the Fiscal Agent. No Enforcement 
Event shall occur other than in the context of any insolvency proceedings or liquidation proceedings

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
116 
 
 
in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed 
by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Enforcement Event for any 
purpose). 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of 
interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar (and, if the Notes 
are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any particular 
place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such stock exchange), 
subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor Fiscal 
Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents or, in relation to Registered 
Notes only, Registrar or Transfer Agents, provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and, in relation to Registered Notes only, 
a Registrar and Transfer Agents; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment 
of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain an Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such stock exchange; and 
(d) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a paying agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(e) 
if and for so long as any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain an Agent with a Specified Office in New York. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices).

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
117 
 
 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution and Variation 
18.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, 
including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Bank, and shall 
be convened by it upon the request in writing signed by Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to 
vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing at least half 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that the Reserved Matters, described in the Agency Agreement, may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two 
or more Persons holding or representing at least three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one-
quarter of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. In addition, the 
Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority consisting of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast on such poll, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of not less than 75 per cent. of all Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of a meeting of Noteholders and/or (iii) a resolution passed by way of electronic consents given 
by Noteholders through the relevant Clearing System(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, will take effect as if it 
were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not and whether or not they voted on the resolution. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any variation of these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to the 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not 
require the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
18.2 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree to modify any provision thereof but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or it is, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall only be capable of such modification if the Issuer complies with 
Condition 11.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification 
of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and the Subordinated Notes shall 
only be capable of such modification if the Issuer complies with Condition 11.14 (Conditions to 
Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes). 
18.3 
Substitution and Variation 
With respect to: 
(a) 
any Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Substitution or Variation 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
118 
 
 
(b) 
any Series of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory Event occurs, and if Substitution 
or Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
all Notes, if Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers),  
the Issuer may, subject to, in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
compliance with Condition 11.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase 
and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, compliance with Condition 11.14 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early 
Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes) (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of the Notes of that Series (or 
such other notice periods as may be specified in the form of Final Terms), at any time either substitute 
all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying Unsubordinated MREL Notes, 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided 
that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
or substituted securities. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 18.3, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to substitute or vary the relevant 
Notes have occurred.  
In these Conditions: 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the 
terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which will 
result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates 
as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to accrued interest; (F) do not contain 
terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (G) in the event the Notes carry 
a rating immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain) the 
same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that:

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
119 
 
 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of 
the Unsubordinated Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms 
of the Unsubordinated Notes, and they shall also (A) have a ranking at least equal to that of 
the Unsubordinated Notes; (B) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Unsubordinated Notes; (C) have the 
same redemption rights and obligations as the Unsubordinated Notes; (D) preserve any 
existing rights under the Unsubordinated Notes to accrued interest; (E) do not contain terms 
which provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain) the same 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Unsubordinated Notes immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Unsubordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.  
Qualifying Unsubordinated MREL Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of 
the Unsubordinated MREL Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the 
terms of the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which will 
result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Unsubordinated MREL Notes; (D) 
have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Unsubordinated MREL Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Unsubordinated MREL Notes to accrued interest; (F) 
do not contain terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (G) in the event 
the Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or 
maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Unsubordinated MREL Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 (Resolution and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of 
the Subordinated Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes and they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements of 
the Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) contain terms which will 
result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
applicable MREL Requirements, (C) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated 
Notes; (D) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (E) have the same redemption rights 
and obligations as the Subordinated Notes; (F) preserve any existing rights under the 
Subordinated Notes to accrued interest; (G) do not contain terms which provide for interest

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
120 
 
 
cancellation or deferral; and (H) in the event the Notes carry a rating immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as 
were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiviness and enforceability of Condition 
27 (Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices required to be given to the Holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid 
if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times). In addition, so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that Exchange so require, notices required to be given to Holders of Bearer 
Notes pursuant to the Conditions will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first 
date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
To Registered Holders 
Notices required to be given to the Registered Holders pursuant to the Conditions will be sent to them 
by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective 
addresses on the Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. In addition, so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Exchange so require, notices 
required to be given to Registered Holders pursuant to the Conditions will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication 
is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Registered Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
121 
 
 
21. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
21.1 
The Bank may, without the consent of any Noteholder or Couponholder (but subject, other than in 
respect of Unsubordinated Notes, to compliance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
and/or MREL Requirements), substitute for itself any other body corporate incorporated in any 
country in the world as the debtor in respect of the Notes, any Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and the 
Agency Agreement (the Substituted Debtor) upon notice by the Bank and the Substituted Debtor to 
be given in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), provided that: 
(a) 
the Bank is not in default in respect of any amount payable under the Notes; 
(b) 
the Bank and the Substituted Debtor have entered into such documents (the Substitution 
Documents) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution and in which the Substituted 
Debtor has undertaken in favour of each Noteholder to be bound by these Terms and 
Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as the debtor in respect of the Notes 
in place of the Bank (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 21.1); 
(c) 
the Substituted Debtor shall enter into a deed of covenant in favour of the Holders of the Notes 
then represented by a global Note on terms no less favourable than the Deed of Covenant then 
in force in respect of the Notes; 
(d) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the New Bank Residence) 
other than that in which the Bank prior to such substitution was resident for tax purposes (the 
Former Bank Residence), the Substitution Documents contain an undertaking and/or such 
other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder has the benefit of an 
undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation), covering the 
New Bank Residence as well as the Former Bank Residence; 
(e) 
the Substituted Debtor and the Bank have obtained all necessary governmental approvals and 
consents for such substitution and for the performance by the Substituted Debtor of its 
obligations under the Substitution Documents; 
(f) 
such substitution shall not give rise to a right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 11.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons) or Condition 11.8 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event);  
(g) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from lawyers of recognised 
standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substituted Debtor and in England and the 
Hellenic Republic as to matters of law relating to the fulfilment of the requirements of this 
Condition 21.1 and that the Notes and any Coupons and/or Talons are legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor; 
(h) 
in respect of any Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme that have been assigned a 
credit rating by any rating agency, such rating agency, having been notified of the proposed 
substitution, shall not have stated within 30 days thereafter that, as a result of such substitution, 
the credit rating of the Notes would be downgraded; 
(i) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the Notes will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; and 
(j) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on their behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and any Coupons.

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
122 
 
 
21.2 
Upon such substitution pursuant to Condition 21.1, the relevant Substituted Debtor shall succeed to, 
and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes, any 
Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein and the Bank shall be released from its obligations under 
the Notes, any Coupons and/or Talons, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement. 
21.3 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 21.1, the Substituted Debtor may, without the consent of 
any Noteholder or Couponholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in 
Conditions 21.1 and 21.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such 
further Substituted Debtor. 
21.4 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 21.1 or 21.3 any Substituted Debtor may, without the 
consent of any Noteholder or Couponholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis (but subject, 
for the avoidance of doubt, in all cases (other than in respect of Unsubordinated Notes), to compliance 
with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and/or MREL Requirements). 
21.5 
The Substitution Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Fiscal Agent. Copies of the 
Substitution Documents will be available free of charge during normal business hours at the Specified 
Office of each of the Paying Agents.  
22. 
Provision of Information 
The Issuer shall, during any period in which it is not subject to and in compliance with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, 
duly provide to any Registered Holder of a Note which is a “restricted security” within the meaning 
of Rule 144(a)(3) under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or 
to any prospective purchaser of such securities designated by such Holder, upon the written request of 
such Holder or (as the case may be) prospective Holder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Registrar, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) under 
the Securities Act. 
23. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005%, 
being rounded up to 0.00001%), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
24. 
Settlement Disruption Event and Fallback Provisions 
24.1 
If Settlement Disruption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, all payments in 
respect of the Notes will be made in the Specified Currency subject to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event and will in all cases be subject to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto. 
24.2 
If the Issuer determines that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting during the 
Settlement Determination Period:

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
123 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer shall notify the Fiscal Agent of its determination as soon as practicable after making 
such determination (but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter) and as soon as 
practicable thereafter notify the Noteholders thereof, and Noteholders will not be entitled to 
any amounts in respect of the Notes until the earlier to occur of (a) the day falling two Business 
Days after the day on which it notifies the Fiscal Agent that a Settlement Disruption Event no 
longer subsists and (b) the Postponed Interest Payment Date, the Postponed Maturity Date, or 
the Postponed Early Redemption Date, as the case may be. 
(b) 
upon the Settlement Disruption Event ceasing to subsist, the Issuer shall notify the Fiscal 
Agent thereof as soon as practicable on or after the Business Day on which the Settlement 
Disruption Event no longer subsists (but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter) 
whereupon the Issuer shall as soon as practicable thereafter notify the Noteholders thereof. 
(c) 
if any amount is to be paid on a Postponed Interest Payment Date, Postponed Maturity Date 
or Postponed Early Redemption Date (as the case may be), payment shall instead be made in 
euro or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and shall be 
calculated by the Issuer (and promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent (but in no event later than 
10:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days before the Postponed Interest Payment Date, 
Postponed Maturity Date or Postponed Early Redemption Date (as the case may be)) in an 
amount per Specified Denomination which shall be equal to the greater of zero and the amount 
produced by the following calculation, such amount to be rounded to the nearest whole cent 
(with 0.5 cent being rounded upwards): 
Relevant Settlement Currency Amount × Exchange Rate 
24.3 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of any 
delay in payment resulting from the operation of the provisions of this Condition 24. Any 
postponement of payment in accordance with this Condition 24 will not constitute an Event of Default 
or Enforcement Event. 
25. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
25.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except 
that Conditions 6.2 (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 6.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes) and 27 
(Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of the Hellenic Republic. 
25.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction of the Issuer 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 25.2(c), the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, 
validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and 
any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 25.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
124 
 
 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
25.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer 
agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing in 
this Condition 25 shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
26. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
27. 
Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers  
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Resolution Power and/or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that 
may result in (i) the write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes and/or (ii) the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, 
the Notes into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person and/or (iii) any 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for 
a temporary period), in each case including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give 
effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Resolution Power and/or Loss 
Absorption Power. Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, 
and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Resolution Power and/or 
Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise the Resolution Power and/ or Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). Any 
delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
Resolution Power and/or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this 
Condition 27. 
The exercise of the Resolution Power and/or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default or, as applicable, 
Enforcement Event and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply in relation to the 
residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any 
modification of the amount of interest payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and 
any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State or, if appropriate, third country (not 
or no longer being a Member State). 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Resolution Power and/or Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO U.S. SALES  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note), without 
interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the 
case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a Bearer Global Note) which is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form as specified in the relevant Final Terms will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for NGNs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successorrules in substantially the same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) (the TEFRA C Rules) or United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successorrules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA D Rules) are applicable in relation to 
the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than the date (the Exchange Date) which is the later of (i) 40 days after the Issue Date and (ii) the 
expiry of the period that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution of this Tranche of Notes as certified 
by the relevant Dealer(s) to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note on or after the Exchange Date unless 
exchange of such Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld 
or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes prior to the Exchange Date cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes); and

--- Page 126 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
126 
 
 
(b) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, within 
seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested the 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth 
day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights 
which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 16 
December 2022 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) (the Deed of Covenant) executed 
by the Bank). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 127 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
127 
 
 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. The form of Bearer Notes “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Notes are issued with a 
minimum Specified Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more 
higher integral multiples of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
if an Event of Default or Enforcement Event, as the case may be, has occurred and is continuing; or 
(b) 
if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(c) 
if the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the relevant Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the Holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as 
holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for 
so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common

--- Page 128 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
128 
 
 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as the Holder of a particular nominal amount of the Notes of the Series (each an 
Accountholder) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to 
the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Bearer Global Note. The 
extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under any Bearer 
Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are 
represented by a Bearer Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect 
of payments due under the relevant Notes and such obligations of the Bank will be discharged by payment to 
the bearer of the Bearer Global Note. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Notes in global form (other than Temporary Global Notes), 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto where the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon 
will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, 
Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such 
sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by: 
(a) 
interests in an Unrestricted Global Note (in the case of Notes initially sold to non-U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act) (Unrestricted Notes); 
and/or 
(b) 
interests in a Restricted Global Note (in the case of Notes initially sold to QIBs in reliance on Rule 
144A or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act) (Restricted Notes). 
In relation to Unrestricted Notes, prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in Unrestricted Notes may not be offered or sold 
to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 5 (Register and 
Transfers of Registered Notes) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and such Unrestricted Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Each Unrestricted Global Note will either (i) be registered in the name of Cede & Co. (or such other entity as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms) as nominee for DTC and be deposited on or about the relevant issue 
date with the custodian for DTC (the DTC Custodian) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case

--- Page 129 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
129 
 
 
may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
Each Restricted Global Note will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. (or such other entity as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) as nominee for DTC and will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
DTC Custodian as custodian for DTC. The Restricted Global Note (and any Definitive Registered Notes issued 
in exchange therefor) will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer as described below under “Transfer 
Restrictions”. 
Transfer Restrictions 
On or prior to the 40th day after the relevant issue date, Notes represented by an interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Note may be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a 
Restricted Global Note (if issued in respect of a particular Series of Notes) only upon receipt by the Registrar 
of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form of Certificate for 
Exchange or Transfer from Unrestricted Global Note to Restricted Global Note) to the Agency Agreement) to 
the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified 
institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A 
and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. After such 40th day, 
such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers, but such transfers will continue to be 
subject to the transfer restrictions contained in the legend appearing on the face of such Global Note, as 
described below under “Exchange of Interests in Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes”. 
Notes represented by an interest in a Restricted Global Note may also be transferred to a person who wishes 
to hold such Notes in the form of an interest through an Unrestricted Global Note, but only upon receipt by 
the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (i) while the Note is a restricted security, (in the form 
set out in Schedule 5 (Form of Certificate for Exchange or Transfer from Restricted Global Note to 
Unrestricted Global Note while the Note is a “Restricted Security" within the meaning of Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act) to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and that such interest will be held immediately thereafter only through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) after the Note is no longer a restricted security (in the form set 
out in Schedule 6 (Form of Certificate for Exchange or Transfer from Restricted Global Note to Unrestricted 
Global Note when the Note is no longer a “Restricted Security” Within the Meaning of Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act) to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer or exchange is being made in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, or that the Note being exchanged or transferred is not 
a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act). 
Transfer restrictions will terminate one year after the relevant issue date provided that any Notes purchased by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its affiliates have been cancelled in accordance with Condition 11.12 
(Cancellation) or resold solely in reliance on Regulation S. 
Any interest in either a Restricted Global Note or an Unrestricted Global Note that is transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the other Registered Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to 
be an interest in such Registered Global Note and become an interest in the other Registered Global Note and, 
accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to an interest 
in such other Registered Global Note.  
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions as set out below. 
The Notes are being offered and sold in the United States only to qualified institutional buyers within the 
meaning of Rule 144A in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 130 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
130 
 
 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A 
or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that any 
sale to it may be made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) it is purchasing in an offshore transaction in 
reliance on Regulation S and is not a U.S. person or purchasing for the account or benefit of a U.S. 
person; 
(b) 
that, unless it holds an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note and is a person located outside the 
United States and is not a U.S. person or purchasing for the account or benefit of a U.S. person, if in 
the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the 
Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after the later of the last Issue Date for the 
Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, 
only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person whom the seller 
and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for 
the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore 
transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if 
available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case 
in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(c) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (b) above, if then applicable; 
(d) 
that Notes initially offered to QIBs will be represented by one or more Restricted Global Notes and 
that Notes offered in an offshore transaction to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Unrestricted Global Note; 
(e) 
it understands that the Restricted Global Note and any Restricted Definitive Registered Note (as 
defined below) will bear a legend to the following effect, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in 
accordance with applicable law: 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES 
ACT) OR ANY SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
HEREBY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
HEREBY MAY BE REOFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS 
AND ONLY (1) PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON 
THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 
144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A PERSON PURCHASING FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHOM THE HOLDER HAS 
INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE RE-OFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER

--- Page 131 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
131 
 
 
TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (4) TO THE 
ISSUER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR 
RESALES OF THE NOTE. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH NOTES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON). 
(f) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of 
the Notes), it will do so only (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or (B) if the Notes are part of a Series that included a tranche 
represented by Restricted Global Notes on issue, to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (ii) in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Unrestricted 
Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR 
ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE 
EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and 
(g) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.

--- Page 132 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
132 
 
 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Registered 
Note bearing the above legend, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the Issuer will deliver only 
Definitive Registered Notes that bear such legend (Restricted Definitive Registered Notes) or will refuse to 
remove such legend, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory evidence (which 
may include a legal opinion) as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that neither the legend nor the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities 
Act. Such transfer restrictions will terminate one year after the relevant issue date provided that any Notes 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its affiliates have been cancelled in accordance with Condition 
11.12 (Cancellation) or resold solely in reliance on Regulation S. 
Exchange of Interests in Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Registration of title to Notes initially represented by the Registered Global Notes in a name other than DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any successor depositary or one of their respective 
nominees will not be permitted unless: 
(a) 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer 
that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing 
system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange 
Act and no alternative clearing system is available; 
(c) 
in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so; or  
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by Definitive Registered Notes.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer shall procure the delivery of Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for the 
Unrestricted Global Note and/or the Restricted Global Note. A person having an interest in a Registered Global 
Note must provide the Registrar (through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable) with 
(a) such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may reasonably require to complete and deliver Definitive 
Registered Notes (including the name and address of each person in which the Definitive Registered Notes are 
to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) and (b) (in the case of the Restricted 
Global Note only) a certificate given by or on behalf of the Holder of each beneficial interest in the Restricted 
Global Note stating either (i) that such Holder is not transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or 
(ii) if the notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, that 
the transfer or exchange of such interest has been made in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable 
to the Notes and that the person transferring such interest reasonably believes that the person acquiring such 
interest is a qualified institutional buyer and is obtaining such beneficial interest in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A.  
Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for interests in the Restricted Global Note will bear the legends 
and be subject to the transfer restrictions set out above under “Transfer Restrictions”. Such transfer restrictions 
will terminate one year after the relevant issue date, provided that any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of their respective affiliates have been cancelled in accordance with Condition 11.12 
(Cancellation) or resold solely in reliance on Regulation S. 
Whenever a Registered Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Registered Notes, such Definitive 
Registered Notes will be issued within five business days of the delivery to the Registrar of the information

--- Page 133 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
133 
 
 
and any required certification described in the preceding paragraph against the surrender of the relevant 
Registered Global Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar. Such exchange shall be effected in accordance 
with the regulations concerning the transfer and registration from time to time relating to the Notes and shall 
be effected without charge, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or 
other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange.  
If (a) Definitive Registered Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 30th day after 
the due date for their delivery in exchange for interests in a Registered Global Note or (b) any of the Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the 
registered Holder of such Registered Global Note in accordance with its terms on the due date for payment, 
then such Registered Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Registered Notes) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 30th day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the registered Holder will have no further rights under such 
Registered Global Note (but without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Notes represented by such 
Registered Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 16 December 2022 (as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time) (the Deed of Covenant) executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed 
of Covenant, persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, as 
being entitled to an interest in the Notes represented by a Registered Global Note will acquire directly against 
the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before such Registered Global 
Note became void, they had been the registered Holders of Notes represented by Definitive Registered Notes 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
Neither the Registrar nor the Transfer Agent will register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered 
Global Note for Definitive Registered Notes for a period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment 
of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, or register the transfer or exchange of any Notes previously 
called for redemption. 
Book-Entry System 
DTC 
The Issuer will make an application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of each relevant 
Tranche of Unrestricted Notes and each Tranche of Restricted Notes. Restricted and Unrestricted Notes 
accepted in the book-entry settlement system of DTC will have a CUSIP number. 
The DTC Custodian and DTC will record electronically the principal amount of the Notes represented by an 
Unrestricted Global Note and a Restricted Global Note held within the DTC system. Up to and including the 
40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date, investors may hold 
their interests in an Unrestricted Global Note held within the DTC system only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Thereafter, investors may additionally hold such interests directly through DTC, if 
they are participants in DTC. Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will hold interests in the Unrestricted 
Global Note on behalf of their account holders through customers' securities accounts in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg's or Euroclear's respective names on the books of their respective depositaries, which in turn will 
hold such interests in the Unrestricted Global Note in customers' securities accounts in the depositaries' names 
on the books of DTC. Investors may hold their interests in the Restricted Global Note directly through DTC, 
if they are participants in DTC, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in DTC. 
Payments of the principal of, interest on and any other amounts payable under each Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of DTC's nominee will be made to, or to the order of, its nominee as the registered 
Holder of such Registered Global Note. The Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, 
will immediately credit DTC participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective

--- Page 134 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
134 
 
 
interests in the principal amount of the relevant Registered Global Note as shown on the records of DTC or 
the nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of interests in such 
Registered Global Note held through such DTC participants will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the 
names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such DTC participants. 
None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent, any Transfer Agent or any Paying Agent will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such ownership interests. 
While a Registered Global Note is lodged with DTC or its custodian, Notes represented by Definitive 
Registered Notes will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in 
respect of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Registered Global Note 
to such persons will be limited. Because DTC only acts on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of 
indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Registered Global Note to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing system, or otherwise take actions 
in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of an Definitive Registered Note representing such 
interest. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes described above and under 
“Subscription and Sale”, cross-market transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear account holders, on the other, will be effected in DTC in accordance with DTC rules 
and procedures and on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) Euroclear by its respective 
depositary. However, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (as the case may be) Euroclear by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules 
and procedures and within its established deadlines. Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) 
Euroclear will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its respective 
depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving beneficial interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Note in DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal 
procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders and

--- Page 135 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
135 
 
 
Euroclear account holders may not deliver instructions directly to the depositaries for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Because of time zone differences, credits of Notes received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as a 
result of a transaction with a DTC participant, will be made during the securities settlement processing day 
dated the business day following the DTC settlement date and such credits of any transactions in such securities 
settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear account 
holder on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of sales of 
Notes by or through a Clearstream, Luxembourg account holder or a Euroclear account holder to a DTC 
participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. 
Settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders and DTC participants cannot be 
made on a delivery versus payment basis. The arrangements for transfer of payments must be established 
separately from the arrangements for transfer of Notes, the latter being effected on a free delivery basis. The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
account holders or between DTC participants are not affected. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a Holder of Notes (including, 
without limitation, the presentation of Registered Global Notes for exchange as described above) only at the 
direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in Registered Global Notes are 
credited, and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the Registered Global Notes 
as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. 
However, in certain circumstances, DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable will 
exchange the Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes (which will, in the case of Restricted 
Notes, bear the legend set out above under “Transfer Restrictions”). 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to 
facilitate transfers of interests in the Registered Global Notes among participants and account holders of DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or account holders of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their respective operations. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
Conditions applicable to Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes 
Each Bearer Global Note and Registered Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Bearer Global Note and the Registered Global Note. The following 
is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Bearer Global Notes 
Payments. All payments in respect of the Bearer Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the 
case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Bearer Global Note to 
or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in 
respect of the Bearer Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a

--- Page 136 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
136 
 
 
schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro-rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of Investor put option. In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 11.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of 
such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is 
being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of Issuer call option. In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may 
be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices. Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or 
the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulation, such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and for so long as any Notes are listed on any other 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to relevant Accountholders on the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Registered Global Notes 
Partial exercise of Issuer call option. In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Registered Global Note may 
be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes but in accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
Exercise of Investor put option. In order to exercise the option described in Condition 11.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders), the Holder of a Registered Global Note must, within the period specified in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the deposit of the relevant Note Certificate and put notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes. So long as the Notes are represented by a Registered Global Note, 
any reference in Condition 12.2 (Payments under Registered Notes) to Registered Holder, shall be to the 
Registered Holder as at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which DTC, Euroclear

--- Page 137 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
137 
 
 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and banks located in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located are open for business) before the relevant due date. 
Notice. Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), so long as a Registered Global Note is held on behalf of DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (an Alternative Clearing System), 
notices to Holders of Notes represented by such Registered Global Note may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable or (as the case may be) such 
Alternative Clearing System, provided, however, that, so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and its rules so require, notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on any 
other stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is [eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]]; and 
(ii) [all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is [only eligible counterparties, as 
                                              
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “ packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “ Applicable”.

--- Page 139 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
139 
 
 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR)]; and (ii) [all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]3 
[Date] 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5UMCZOEYKCVFAW8ZLO05 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
Under the €5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [   ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of a combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from the registered offices of the 
Issuer and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
                                              
3 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA prior to the launch of the relevant offer (i.e., if the Notes are not prescribed capital markets products pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products)).

--- Page 140 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
140 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
 
 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date of earlier 
Tranches] on [[insert date]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 28 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
[(a)] 
Series: 
[   ] 
[(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note—where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
141 
 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Trade Date4: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
(N.B. In the case of Subordinated Notes, this must be at 
least five years from the Issue Date) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[[  ] month [EURIBOR] +/– [ ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [  ]% of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. In respect of Notes for which a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the redemption amount will be 100 per cent. 
of the nominal amount of the Notes) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 16 and 18 below and 
identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
                                              
4 The ‘Trade Date’ constitutes the date of completion of the book-building and pricing of the Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
142 
 
 
 
[Regulatory Call]  
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes) 
[Put Option] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated Notes) 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Unsubordinated 
Notes/Unsubordinated 
MREL 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[   ] [and [   ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
(c) 
Extended Gross-Up: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Exchange Rate: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
15. 
Settlement Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
143 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
17. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[ 
]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[    ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[    ] [and [   ]] 
(j) 
Reset Determination Date:  
[    ]/[as specified in the Conditions]

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
144 
 
 
(k) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Interest Rate 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Fiscal Agent):  
[   ]  
(l) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate][Reference Bond Rate] 
[(if Mid-Swap Rate is selected, include the following 
items of this subparagraph, if not delete) 
(i) 
Reset Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Floating 
Leg 
Reference Rate: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Floating Leg Screen 
Page: 
[    ] 
(iv) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[    ]% per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-annual 
basis])] 
 
[(if Reference Bond Rate is selected, include the 
following items of this subparagraph, if not delete) 
(v) 
Reset Reference Bond: 
[Insert 
applicable 
Reset 
Reference 
Bond]] 
 
(vi) 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[    ]/[as specified in the Conditions] 
(m) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ]% per annum 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s): 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not Applicable")

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
145 
 
 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date:  
[   ] 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(g) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[   ] 
(i) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [EURIBOR] 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[   ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
Relevant Screen Page:  [   ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (h)) 
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected 
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” 
and 
“Calculation 
Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” are not workable in a 
notes context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a PR 
drawdown prospectus for the issue)]

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
146 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
Floating Rate Option:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[   ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the interest period) 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–][   ]% per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[   ]% per annum/[Not Applicable]] 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[   ]% per annum/[Not Applicable]] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ]% per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
147 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice periods for Condition 11.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ]  
(N.B. In the case of Subordinated Notes, this must be at 
least five years from the Issue Date) 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
(ii) 
Reference 
Bond 
Quotation Time: 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
[(if Make-whole Amount is selected, include the 
following items of this subparagraph) 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
[   ]  
 
[[   ]%][Not Applicable]]  
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and custodians,

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
148 
 
 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
22. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on redemption for 
regulatory reasons (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with 
applicable 
laws and regulations, including 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD 
IV 
Regulation) 
as 
contemplated by 
Condition 
11.7 
(Redemption 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
for 
regulatory reasons) and/or the 
method of calculating the same 
(if required):  
[[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
23. 
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes)

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
149 
 
 
(N.B. In the case of Subordinated Notes, this must be at 
least five years from the Issue Date) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
(c) 
MREL Disqualification Event 
Effective Date:  
[   ] 
(Only applicable to Subordinated Notes) 
 
 
24. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
(b) 
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent.) 
(d) 
Clean-up Call Effective Date:  
[   ] 
(Only applicable to Subordinated Notes)

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
150 
 
 
25. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated Notes) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent.) 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons, for 
regulatory reasons or on event of 
default: 
[Not Applicable if the Early Redemption Amount is the 
principal amount of Notes/specify the Early Redemption 
Amount if different from the principal amount of the 
Notes] 
 
(N.B. If the final Redemption Amount is 100% of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100% of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be).  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
151 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [   ] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
6 above includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”.) 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Unrestricted Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
[Restricted Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC]] 
29. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not the end dates 
of Interest Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which item 17(e) 116 relates] 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
32. 
Relevant Benchmarks: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established 
and 
maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
152 
 
 
33. 
Substitution or Variation of Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable [only] [in 
relation to MREL Disqualification Event] [and] [in 
relation to Regulatory Event][and]/[in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 27 
(Resolution and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)]] 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]. 
SIGNED on behalf of National Bank of Greece S.A. 
By: ___________________________________  
Duly authorised 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [   ].] 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[   ].][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[   ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:  
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]/[have not been]] rated:

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
153 
 
 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).] 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom (the UK) and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes which have been specifically 
rated.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will 
be used to [meet part of the Group’s general 
financing requirements][finance or refinance [Green 
Projects][and/or][Social Projects] (as defined in 
“Use of proceeds” within the “General Information” 
section of the Base Prospectus)].] [Further details on 
the [Green Projects][and/or][Social Projects] are 
included in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, 
made available on the Issuer's website in the investor 
relations sections at [  ]]/Give details]

--- Page 154 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
154 
 
 
[Provide details of Green Projects and/or Social 
Projects, as applicable.] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[   ] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
 
 
         [[   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN:  
[   ]  
Common Code:  
[   ] 
[CUSIP: 
[   ]] 
CFI: 
[[         ] as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or alternatively 
sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not 
Available] 
FISN 
[         ] as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or alternatively 
sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not 
Available]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
Any clearing system(s) other than DTC, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]  
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[   ]  
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[   ]

--- Page 155 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
155 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[        ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] [Rule 144A] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”

--- Page 156 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
156 
 
 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 157 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
157 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP  
Introduction 
National Bank of Greece S.A. (the Bank) is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and one of the largest 
financial institutions in Greece by market capitalisation, holding a significant position in Greece’s retail 
banking sector, with, as at 30 September 2022, 337 branches (including eight tellerless branches) and one 
private banking unit and 1,483 Automated Teller Machines (ATMs). The Bank and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (the Group) provide a wide range of financial services, including retail (such as mortgage lending 
and consumer lending), corporate and investment banking services, non-performing management, global 
transaction services, leasing, factoring, brokerage, real estate, asset management and insurance services, 
through the Group’s network of branches and subsidiaries in Greece and abroad. More specifically, the Group 
operates mainly in Greece but also abroad through its branch in Cyprus and its subsidiaries in North 
Macedonia, Romania, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Luxembourg and the UK. Following the respective Bank’s decision 
in 2021, the Group ceased its operation in Egypt, Malta and NBG London Branch; and therefore the NBG 
Egypt Branch, the NBG London Branch and the subsidiaries NBG Malta Ltd (formerly known as NBG Bank 
Malta Ltd) and NBG Malta Holdings Ltd are currently under liquidation.  
The Group’s principal sources of income historically have been interest earned on customer loans and debt 
securities and income from fees and commissions. The Group funds its lending activities and its securities 
portfolio principally through (i) customer deposits in its branch network, (ii) funding from the Eurosystem 
through the TLTROs with the ECB and (iii) repurchase agreements (repos) with major foreign financial 
institutions.  
History and Development of the Group 
The Bank was founded in 1841 and incorporated as a société anonyme pursuant to Greek law as published in 
the Greek Government Gazette No. 6 on 30 March 1841 (registered number G.E.MI 237901000). The Bank’s 
current corporate form will expire on 27 February 2053, but may be further extended by a shareholder 
resolution passed at a General Meeting (as defined below). The Bank is domiciled in Greece. The Bank’s 
headquarters and its registered office are located at 86 Aiolou Street, 10559 Athens, Greece. The telephone 
number of the Bank is 181818 or +30 210 48 48 484 from abroad. The Bank’s website is 
https://www.nbg.gr/en. 
The Bank has operated a commercial banking business for 181 years. Until the establishment of the Bank of 
Greece as the central bank of Greece in 1928, the Bank, in addition to commercial banking activities, was 
responsible for issuing currency in Greece. 
2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
The Group was subject to European Commission rules on EU State aid in light of the aid received from the 
HFSF and the Hellenic Republic. These rules were administered by the Directorate General for the 
Competition of the European Commission (the DG Competition). Under these rules, the Bank’s operations 
were monitored and limited to the operations included in the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan, which aimed 
to ensure the Bank’s return to long-term viability.   
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan was approved on 10 May 2019, by the European Commission.

--- Page 158 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
158 
 
 
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan included a number of commitments to implement certain measures and 
actions (the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments). The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
Commitments related both to domestic and foreign operations of the Group. Differentiations to the 2015 
Restructuring Plan which expired on 31 December 2018 relate to the deepening of the Bank’s operational 
restructuring, some amendments on the commitments and deadlines, as well as a commitment to sell the 
remaining stake (32.66%) in NBG Pangaea REIC (currently Prodea Investments S.A. (Prodea)) in substitution 
for the commitment to dispose of its banking subsidiary in the SEE, Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje.  
For domestic operations, the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments related to constraining operating 
expenses, including the number of personnel and branches. In particular, the Commitments included the 
following: 
(a) 
a further reduction of the number of branches in Greece to 420 (by the end of 2019) and 390 (by the 
end of 2020). As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had reduced its branches to 365. The Commitment 
has been attained. 
(b) 
a further reduction of the number of employees in Greece to 8,600 as at 31 December 2019 and 8,000 
as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had reduced the number of employees at 
domestic level to 7,7625. The Commitment has been attained. 
(c) 
a further reduction of total operating expenses in Greece to €845 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019 and €800 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. For the year ended 
31 December 2020, the operating expenses amounted to €7681 million. The Commitment has been 
attained. 
The aforementioned Commitments have been fulfilled. 
Divestment of domestic non-banking activities: Ιn May 2019, the Bank had completed the sale of its 
remaining stake in Prodea. Regarding the Ethniki Insurance Company S.A. (Ethniki Insurance or NIC), the 
transaction was closed on 31 March 2022 (see below “Sale of a majority equity holding in Ethniki Hellenic 
General Insurance S.A.”). The Commitment has been attained. 
Divestment from international operations: The Bank reduced its international activities, by disposing of 
certain subsidiaries in the years 2016 to 2019. The only non-complete divestment from international 
operations, since the Bank complied with its commitments with the run-off of NBG Cyprus Ltd assets, relates 
to the branch network in Egypt (NBG Egypt). In May 2021, an official approval was received by the Central 
Bank of Egypt for the downsize and ultimately ceasing of the Bank’s operations in Egypt. As communicated 
by DG Competition in June 2022, the restructuring period and the mandate of the Monitoring Trustee for NBG 
has ended, as NBG complied with its commitments with the exception of the run-off of NBG Egypt. It is noted, 
that the size of asset deleveraging remaining in NBG Egypt is very limited compared to the overall assets NBG 
deleveraged, and that NBG exceeded the overall level of deleveraging required by the commitments of its 
Restructuring Plan. The effort to complete the wind-down of NBG Egypt is in progress. (See also p. 14 of the 
June 2022 Interim Financial Statements under “Board of Directors’ Report – 2019 Revised Restructuring 
Plan”, as incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
                                              
5 Excluding Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.

--- Page 159 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
159 
 
 
Divestments of subsidiaries 
Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan commitments 
Sale of a majority equity holding in Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.  
On 24 March 2021, the Bank’s Board of Directors approved the sale of the 90.01% out of 100.00% stake in 
NIC and authorised the Bank’s Management to proceed with the signing of the Share Sale and Purchase 
Agreement (SPA) with CVC Capital Partners (CVC) on 26 March 2021. The transaction was approved by the 
Extraordinary General Meeting of NBG’s Shareholders held on 21 April 2021. 
The closing of the transaction took place on 31 March 2022, following the reception of the required supervisory 
approvals by national and EU authorities. 
Other divestments 
Planned divestment of CAC Coral Ltd 
On 16 October 2020, the Bank announced that it had entered into a definite agreement with Bain Capital for 
the disposal of its 100% stake in a Cypriot Credit Acquiring Company, CAC Coral Ltd (Project Marina), 
which contains a portfolio of non-performing corporate, SME and consumer and mortgage loans with a total 
Gross Book Value of approximately €325 million (€200 million of allocated collateral value). The portfolio 
consists predominantly of legacy non-performing loans. The transaction is being implemented in the context 
of NBG's NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. 
The closing of the transaction took place on 15 July 2022, following the reception of the required approvals 
by the competent regulatory authorities. 
Strategic Partnership of NBG with EVO Payments Inc. 
On 17 December 2021, the Bank announced that it had entered into a long-term strategic partnership with 
EVO Payments, Inc (EVO) to provide merchant acquiring and payment processing services.  
Following the receipt of all required regulatory approvals, the Bank announced on 9 December 2022, that it 
has completed the sale of 51% of NBG Pay Single Member Societe Anonyme (NBG PAY S.M.S.A.) share 
capital to EVO for a consideration of €158 million.  
NBG PAY S.M.S.A. comprises NBG’s Merchant Acquiring Business following a spin-off. In addition, a long-
term exclusive commercial agreement was signed between NBG, NBG PAY S.M.S.A. and EVO, where NBG 
will offer to its merchants the market-leading, card acceptance solutions of NBG PAY S.M.S.A., through the 
proprietary products and processing platforms of EVO. 
Significant value creation is expected from the synergies that the partnership will create from combining 
NBG’s wide client base with EVO’s technological expertise in the payments business. 
Ceasing of Group’s operations in London, Malta and Egypt 
NBG London Branch 
In May 2021, the Bank decided to cease its operations in the UK through its London branch.

--- Page 160 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
160 
 
 
NBG Malta Ltd 
In October 2021, the Bank decided to cease its operations in Malta. 
NBG Egypt Branch 
In May 2021, an official approval was received by the Central Bank of Egypt for the downsizing and ultimately 
cessation of the Bank’s branch operations in Egypt (see above “2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”). 
Regulatory developments 
2022 ECB CLIMATE RISK STRESS TEST 
NBG successfully completed the 2022 Climate Risk Stress Test led by the ECB under common methodological 
rules and scenario assumptions, in which 104 significant banks participated. 
The Exercise was primarily prescribed by ECB as one of pivotal, but also mutually learning nature for all 
participating Banks and Supervisors, forming part of the green transition roadmap and effective management 
of climate risks. In this context, the 2022 Climate risk Stress Test did not constitute a solvency exercise; its 
outcome is prescribed as informative to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) from a 
qualitative perspective, without a direct impact on capital through the Pillar 2 guidance.  
NBG’s overall performance was in line with the average of the EU-wide participating institutions. In terms of 
advancement in the internal climate stress-testing capabilities (qualitative part of the Exercise), the Bank 
ranked above the average of Total EU sample at Medium-Advance level, while in the domestic banking sector, 
NBG’s overall transition impact on Business Model viability was assessed as of relatively lower risk 
(Advanced scoring).  
The 2022 Climate Stress test outcome reflects the firm commitment and progress made by NBG, setting the 
basis for an effective climate risk management framework and timely adaptation of processes and strategies, 
including via ambitious plans for substantial investment in human and technical capabilities.  
2023 EU WIDE STRESS TEST 
The EBA published on 4 November 2022, the final methodology, draft templates and template guidance for 
the 2023 EU-wide stress test along with the milestone dates for the exercise. As previously conducted, ECB 
will run two stress-testing exercises in 2023 – the EBA EU-wide Stress Test and the SSM Stress Test aiming 
to assess the resilience of EU banks to a common set of adverse economic developments, in order to identify 
potential risks, inform supervisory decisions and increase market discipline. NBG will participate in the 2023 
Stress Test as part of the EBA sample of Institutions. 
The 2023 EU-wide stress test uses a constrained bottom-up approach with some top-down elements, based on 
the assumption that balance sheets remain constant. Focus is on the assessment of the impact of adverse shocks 
on banks’ solvency, thus banks are required to estimate the evolution of a common set of risks (credit, market, 
counterparty, and operational risk) under an adverse scenario and are also asked to project the impact of the 
scenarios on main income sources. 
The launch of the exercise is scheduled for January 2023 with the publication of the macroeconomic scenarios 
and the execution period is envisaged to last until Q3. The results of the exercise are expected to be published

--- Page 161 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
161 
 
 
and factored into the bank’s overall assessment within the 2023 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
(SREP).  
MREL Requirements 
Under Directive 2014/59 (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD), as amended by Directive 
2019/879 (BRRD II), banks in the European Union are required to maintain a Minimum Requirement for own 
funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL), which ensures sufficient loss-absorbing capacity in resolution. MREL 
includes a risk- and a leverage-based dimension. MREL is therefore expressed as two ratios that both have to 
be met: (i) as a percentage of Total Risk Exposure Amount (TREA), (the MREL-TREA); and (ii) as a 
percentage of the Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE), (the MREL-LRE). 
Instruments qualifying for MREL are own funds (Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2), as 
well as certain eligible liabilities (mainly senior unsecured bonds). Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 877/2019 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council allows the Single Resolution Board (SRB) to set in addition to the MREL 
requirement, a “subordination” requirement, within MREL, against which only subordinated liabilities and 
own funds count. 
On 24 January 2022, the Bank as being identified by the SRB as the Single Point of Entry (“SPE”) of the 
Group and the only entity required to maintain an MREL capacity, received from the Bank of Greece the 
SRB’s decision that it should meet by 31 December 2025 an MREL target of 23.29% of TREA and 5.87% of 
LRE on a consolidated basis. In addition, as per the MREL decision the Bank should also meet by 1 January 
2022 an interim binding target of 14.79% of TREA and 5.85% of LRE on a consolidated basis. To the above 
requirements the capital buffer requirement (CBR) must be added, which from 1 January 2022 stands at 3.25% 
and is expected to increase to 3.50% until 31 December 2025. The Bank maintains the MREL capacity required 
to meet both the LRE requirements and the 1 January 2022 interim binding target of 18.04 % of TREA 
(including CBR). 
Finally, according to the abovementioned SRB’s decision, for 2022 no subordination requirement is set for the 
Bank.  
The Bank maintains the MREL capacity required to meet both the LRE requirements and the 1 January 2022 
interim binding target of 18.04 % of TREA (including CBR).  
On 15 November 2022, National Bank of Greece successfully completed the placement of €500 million senior 
preferred bonds in the international capital markets with a coupon of 7.25% and a yield of 7.50%. The bonds 
mature in five years and are callable in four years.  
In addition, on 18 November 2022, the Bank completed a private placement of €150 million senior preferred 
bonds with a coupon and yield of 6%. The bonds mature in 2.5 years and are callable in 1.5 years. 
COVID-19 outbreak 
Risks and responses related to the COVID-19 crisis 
In the first quarter of 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Two years after the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global environment remains impacted by the 
unprecedented crisis. The measures introduced by governments and regulators to tackle the pandemic have

--- Page 162 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
162 
 
 
affected global supply chains as well as demand for goods and services and therefore had a significant impact 
on global growth. At the same time, fiscal and monetary policies have been eased to sustain the economy and 
the deployment of vaccines in 2021, which has also greatly contributed to sustaining the economy. Please refer 
to section “Response to COVID-19 crisis - Customers support measures in response to COVID-19 crisis” and 
“Response to COVID-19 crisis - Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities” of the 
Board of Directors Report in the Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2020 (incorporated 
by reference herein) and to the additional measures announced after the approval of the 31 December 2020 
Annual Financial Statements on 24 March 2021, as described below “Customers support measures in response 
to COVID-19 crisis in 2021”. 
The Group also evaluated its assets, including intangibles and equity investments, for potential impairment, 
and assessed fair values of financial instruments that are carried at fair value. Based on our assessment as of 
30 September 2022, no significant impairments have been recorded for the Group and the Bank, and there 
have been no significant changes in fair values and in fair value hierarchy classifications as a result of the 
COVID-19 crisis. 
However, the risk of the emergence of new, more contagious, COVID-19 variants, which could weigh on 
economic activity, especially on the revived services segment, in a period where margins for additional fiscal 
support are very limited may have an adverse effect on the Greek and/or global economy and the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial. 
Customers support measures in response to COVID-19 crisis in 2021 
The Bank has applied an end-to-end process that includes both short-term and a medium-term response, in 
order to assess that the needs of its customers are properly addressed.  
In summary the COVID-19 relief measures offered to NBG’s customers, within the context of EBA guidelines, 
government and sector initiatives are as follows: 
I. COVID-19 moratoria and step-up solutions 
Extension of moratoria, offered to NBG’s customers within the context of EBA guidelines, government and 
sector initiatives, for capital or instalment payments for:  
 
performing Small Businesses; 
 
businesses with performing exposures as at 30 September 2020 and not included, so far, in moratoria 
for capital or instalment payments that have been proven to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
were eligible to apply for their inclusion in a relevant programme by 31 March 2021 and for a 
maximum duration of up to nine months from the date of inclusion in the moratorium; 
 
businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and which have already been included in moratoria 
for capital or instalment payments, were eligible to apply by 31 March 2021 for an extension of their 
instalment suspension programme, provided that their total participation in the programme does not 
exceed the period of nine months. 
It should be noted that ex moratoria client performance remains better than expected (defaults <4% as of 
February 2022), despite the gradual conclusion of supportive measures.

--- Page 163 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
163 
 
 
II. COVID-19 support schemes 
Additionally, NBG, applicable for the Medium & Large Corporates and SMEs customers, participated in 
following COVID-19 support schemes (online applications available via Internet Banking): 
 
Interest subsidy programme ΙΙ offered by the Ministry of Development for the period 1 January 
2021 to 31 March 2021, applicable to SMEs (i) holding a loan or revolving credit line prior to 1 January 
2021 with less than 90 days in arrears by 30 September 2020 or became performing by the day of the 
application to the programme; and (ii) with turnover decline of more than 20% in 2020 compared to 
2019. 
 
“Gefyra” loan subsidy program provided by the Greek State in 2020, for loan payments, on loans 
collateralized by the principal residency of the eligible borrower, for up to twelve months following 
the approval of the application. 
 
“Gefyra II” programme, initiated in April 2021, aims to support small and medium-sized enterprises 
that have been proven to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, i.e., suffered a 20% reduction in 
turnover in 2020 compared to 2019. It also provides a State subsidy of up to 90% of the loan 
instalments for business loans, for a period of eight months. 
 
Co-financing working capital loans with the Hellenic Development Bank S.A. (“HDB),”) (TEPIX 
II – Subprograms 3 & 4), for amounts up to €500,000, with zero interest rate for the first two years.  
 
State Guarantee working capital Program with the participation of HDB: 80% of the loan is 
guaranteed by HDB, it has a total duration of up to five years, and the amount can reach 25% of 2019 
turnover or the equivalent of double the annual salary costs of the companies for 2019.  
 
State Guarantee working capital Program with the participation of HDB, exclusively for very 
small businesses with turnover up to €1,000,000: 80% of the loan is guaranteed by HDB, with a total 
duration of up to five years, and the amount can reach the lesser of the following, €250,000 or 25% of 
2019 turnover.  
 
State Guarantee working capital Program with the participation of HDB exclusively for 
businesses that have undertaken the execution of a project of public interest. 
 
Loan Guarantee Programme – EaSI COVID-19 for very small businesses with the participation of 
European Investment Fund (EIF) up to €50,000 exposure. 
 
Loan Guarantee Programme – COSME COVID-19 with the participation of EIF up to €150,000: 
80% is guaranteed by EIF, up to 10 years' total duration. 
 
Loan Guarantee Program – SME Guarantee COVID-19: Sub-window with the guarantee of EIF, 
for amounts up to €7.5 million. The loan is guaranteed up to 80% by EIF and its purpose is to provide 
the necessary liquidity to companies that meet at least one of the Innovation and Digitalisation criteria 
of the program. 
 
EIF Pan-European Guarantee Fund for SMEs and Small Midcaps, for financing up to €5 million, 
maturity up to 10 years and with guarantee rate at 70% (launched in January 2022).

--- Page 164 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
164 
 
 
 
EIB Pan-European Guarantee Fund for MidCaps & Large Corporations II, for financing up to 
€10 million, maturity up to six years and with guarantee rate at 50% (launched in February 2022). 
 
Funding program “NBG COVID-19 Response for SMES & MidCaps” with the participation of 
EIB, for amounts up to €12.5 million. Its purpose is to tackle the economic consequences of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and mitigate the short-term financing constraints to medium-sized enterprises, 
as well as Mid-Cap companies, with less than 3,000 employees. 
 
Co-financing working capital loans with interest rate subsidy with the HDB for working capital 
financing of up to €50,000 to small and very small businesses, operating in the Western Macedonia 
region (Development Fund of Western Macedonia or TADYM). 
 
EIB Pan-European Guarantee Fund (“EGF”) for MidCaps & Large Corporations, for financing 
up to €20 million, maturity up to 6 years and with guaranteed rate at 75%. 
 
Extension of 30 days according to emergency legislation for cheques. The said measure addressed 
cheques of qualifying entities maturing from 1 April 2021 to 30 April 2021. 
These measures form part of NBG’s actions in line with the respective initiative by Greek banks, emergency 
legislation and relevant Ministerial Decisions of the Greek government aiming at addressing the impact of the 
crisis. 
Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities 
In response to the economic and market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic as continued in 
2021, the Greek government and European authorities have further provided, among others, the following 
measures: 
Greek authorities 
Financial state aid measures 
The measures for the qualifying businesses include: 
 
The granting of a new State loan (Repayable Advance) which is conditioned upon turnover loss in 
March until August 2020, where the total amount that was granted for the first three phases amounted 
to €3.5 billion. Phase 4 took place during November and December 2020 and amounted to €2.2 billion. 
Phases 5 and 6 took place during the first quarter of 2021 and amounted to €0.8 billion. Phase 7 took 
place during May 2021 and amounted to €0.2 billion. In February 2022, it was clarified that the 
repayment of the Repayable Advance is interest free. In addition, a grace period is provided for the 
period up to 31 May 2022 during which there is no obligation to repay any part of the Repayable 
Advance. After the grace period, the repayable amount is payable in sixty (60) equal interest-free 
monthly instalments, payable on the last working day of each month. Alternatively, there is an option 
to repay the total amount in one lump sum payment with a 15.0% discount by 31 March 2022.  
 
Financial aid of €25 million to aquaculture businesses (June 2021). 
 
Providing public service contracts up to €50 million to short sea shipping companies affected from 
COVID-19 from 23 December 2020 to 30 May 2021.

--- Page 165 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
165 
 
 
 
Financial aid of €20 million to businesses dealing in pigs and honey (July 2021). 
 
Financial aid of €24 million to agricultural businesses (September 2021). 
 
Financial aid of €20 million to cultural enterprises, specifically theaters, music stages, dance theaters, 
concert halls, performance halls as well as cinemas and film distributors (December 2021). 
 
Special program by the Public Investment Program to support entities significantly affected by 
COVID-19. Eligible sectors include but are not limited to: Organisation of conferences and trade 
exhibitions, Events organisation, Event catering services, Dance schools and Nightclubs. The amount 
of the aid is 8% of the 2019 sales turnover capped at €400,000, for qualifying entities, i.e., entities 
with more than 50% reduction of turnover in 2020 in comparison with 2019. 
Tax measures 
The measures for the qualifying businesses and the individuals that were affected by the COVID-19 crisis 
include: 
 
The payment of tax obligations arising during the period from 1 January 2020 to 27 April 2021 was 
extended until 31 December 2021.  
 
Extension of Value Added Tax (VAT) payments due during November 2020 to 30 April 2021.  
 
Reduction of the VAT on certain goods and services from a rate of 24% to a rate of 13% for the period 
from 1 June 2020 to 30 April 2021 and reduction of the VAT to 6%, from 24%, for sanitary products 
(masks, gloves, etc.) until 31 December 2021.  
 
Relief from import duties and VAT exemption on importation granted for goods needed to combat the 
effects of COVID-19 until 31 December 2021 for legal persons or individuals, provided, however, 
that such items shall be made available free of charge to beneficiaries specified. 
 
Extension of payment of tax and Social Security Contributions (SSC) due in April 2021 for qualifying 
businesses. 
 
Subsidy of fixed costs incurred from 1 April 2020 to 31 December 2020 for qualifying businesses, 
which can be used to repay tax or SSC obligations for 2021 due from 1 July to 31 December 2021. 
 
Extension of tax obligation payments settlement instalments due on 31 May 2021, 30 June 2021, 
31 July 2021 and 31 January 2022, for qualifying businesses and qualifying employees. 
 
Extension of one month for the deadlines of all monthly instalments of SSC settlements for qualifying 
businesses due on 30 June 2021 onwards. 
 
Tax obligations verified during the period from 1 March 2020 to 31 July 2021, can be paid in up to 72 
monthly instalments with an interest rate of 2.5% per annum. The first instalment must be paid by 28 
February 2022.

--- Page 166 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
166 
 
 
Labour protection measures 
 
Special allowance given: (a) to tour guides for March, April and May 2021; (b) artists extension for 
May, June and July 2021; and (c) increased special allowance for qualifying small and very small 
businesses for April 2021. 
 
Special allowance of 400 Euros for self-employed and freelancer scientists, such as engineers, lawyers, 
economists, etc., meeting specified criteria announced in April 2021. 
 
Extension of unemployment benefit for April 2021 and May 2021.  
 
Extension of payment of disability pensions and cash benefits to persons with disabilities up to 31 
January 2022. 
 
Special seasonal allowance of OAED and the coverage of SSC will be given to qualifying employees 
of culture and tourism industry for 2021. 
 
Special allowance of €534 for January 2022 for qualifying artists.  
 
Suspension of employment contracts with special allowance (534 Euros) for employees of qualifying 
businesses in January 2022. 
 
Employees who test positive for COVID-19 are able to be absent from work provided that they have 
performed a rapid test. In case the employee wants to use a sick leave and receive a relevant allowance 
a medical opinion is required. 
 
Employees are able to work remotely for five days, in case their child is positive for COVID-19 and 
if this is not possible, they are entitled to use a special leave due to illness of their children, granted 
for the first 4 days of absence. For the fifth day of absence, they can use any other leave. 
The Bank believes that the above-mentioned measures implemented or announced by Greek authorities assist 
its customers meet their financial obligations. 
The European Central Bank 
The following prudential measures have also been implemented by ECB: 
 
ECB’s Governing Council issued an opinion confirming that exceptional circumstances warranting 
leverage ratio relief still exist. Banks may exclude central bank exposures from leverage ratio as 
exceptional macroeconomic circumstances continue. Banks benefit from relief measure until end 
March 2022. Banks which decide to exclude central bank exposures must recalibrate this 3% leverage 
ratio requirement in such a way that only the central bank exposures newly accumulated since the 
beginning of the pandemic effectively benefit from the leverage ratio relief. (18 June 2021). 
 
ECB decided not to extend, beyond September 2021, its recommendation to banks to not distributing 
any cash dividends, or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions. Instead, supervisors 
will assess the capital and distribution plans of each bank, as part of the regular supervisory process. 
(23 July 2021).

--- Page 167 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
167 
 
 
 
ECB’s Governing Council, expects to conduct net asset purchases under the PEPP, in the first quarter 
of 2022, at a lower pace than in the previous quarter. It will discontinue net asset purchases under the 
PEPP at the end of March 2022. The Governing Council decided on a monthly net purchase pace of 
€40.0 billion in the second quarter and €30.0 billion in the third quarter of 2022, under the asset 
purchase program (APP). From October 2022 onwards, the Governing Council will maintain net asset 
purchases under the APP at a monthly pace of €20.0 billion for as long as necessary to reinforce the 
accommodative impact of its policy rates. The Governing Council expects net purchases to end shortly 
before it starts raising the key ECB interest rates. The interest rate on the main refinancing operations 
and the interest rates on the marginal lending facility and the deposit facility will remain unchanged 
at 0.0%, 0.25% and -0.5% respectively. The Governing Council stands ready to adjust all of its 
instruments, as appropriate and in either direction, to ensure that inflation stabilises at its 2.0% target 
over the medium term (16 December 2021).  
 
ECB announced that it will not extend liquidity relief beyond December 2021, a measure that has 
taken in March of 2020 and allowed banks to operate with a liquidity coverage ratio below 100% (17 
December 2021).  
 
ECB will not extend capital and leverage relief for banks. Banks once again expected to operate above 
Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023. Banks have ample headroom above capital and leverage ratio 
requirements. (10 February 2022). 
The European Commission  
The European Commission announced the following measures: 
 
The European Commission issued a €17.0 billion inaugural social bond under the EU Support to 
mitigate Unemployment Risks in an Emergency (EU SURE) instrument to help protect jobs and keep 
people employed. EU SURE has an overall firepower of up to €100.0 billion to help protect jobs and 
workers affected by the pandemic. The European Commission has already proposed a total of €87.8 
billion in financial support under EU SURE to 17 Member States. (21 October 2020). Overall, the 
Commission has proposed that 19 EU countries will receive €94.3 billion in financial support under 
EU SURE, which includes a total of €5.2 billion for Greece. (30 March 2021). 
 
The European Commission has taken steps to ensure that borrowing under the temporary recovery 
instrument NextGenerationEU will be financed on the most advantageous terms for EU Member States 
and their citizens. The European Commission will use a diversified funding strategy to raise up to 
around €800.0 billion in current prices until 2026. This approach, which will be in line with the best 
practices of sovereign issuers, will enable the Commission to raise the needed volumes in a smooth 
and efficient way. This will also attract investors to Europe and strengthen the international role of the 
euro. (14 April 2021). 
 
The European Commission has approved, under EU State Aid rules, a €500 million Greek support 
scheme to support food service companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme was 
approved under the State Aid Temporary Framework. The scheme is co-financed by the European 
Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and will be open to companies of all sizes that experienced a 
turnover decline of more than 30% over 2020, compared to 2019. The aid will take the form of direct 
grants, with each grant amounting to up to 7.0% of the beneficiary's annual turnover. (11 May 2021).

--- Page 168 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
168 
 
 
 
The European Commission has disbursed €14.1 billion to 12 EU Member States in the seventh 
instalment of financial support under the EU SURE instrument. As part of these operations, Greece 
has received €2.5 billion. (25 May 2021). 
 
The European Commission has approved, under EU State aid rules, a €800 million Greek scheme to 
support companies active in tourism affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme was approved 
under the State aid Temporary Framework. (1 June 2021). 
 
Following the approval of the Own Resources Decision by all EU Member States, the Commission 
can start raising resources to finance Europe's recovery through NextGenerationEU. To that end, the 
European Commission announced its estimates to issue €80.0 billion of long-term bonds in 2021, to 
be topped up by tens of billions of euros of short-term EU-Bills to cover the remaining financing 
requirements. The exact amount of both EU-Bonds and EU-Bills will depend on the precise funding 
needs, and the Commission will revise today's assessment in the autumn. In this way, the Commission 
will be able to fund, over the second half of the year, all planned grants and loans to EU Member 
States under the Recovery and Resilience Facility, as well as cover the needs of the EU policies that 
receive NextGenerationEU funding. (1 June 2021). 
 
The European Commission, in its first NextGenerationEU transaction, has raised a €20.0 billion via a 
ten-year bond due on 4 July 2031 to finance Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 crisis and its 
consequences. This is the largest-ever institutional bond issuance in Europe, the largest-ever 
institutional single tranche transaction and the largest amount the EU has raised in a single transaction. 
(15 June 2021). 
 
The European Commission endorsed Greece's €30.5 billion recovery and resilience plan. The 
European Commission adopted a positive assessment of Greece's recovery and resilience plan. This is 
an important step towards disbursing €17.8 billion in grants and €12.7 billion in loans under the 
Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF) over the period 2021-2026. This financing will support the 
implementation of the crucial investment and reform measures outlined in Greece's recovery and 
resilience plan. It will play a key role in enabling Greece to emerge stronger from the COVID-19 
pandemic. (17 June 2021). 
 
The European Commission has disbursed €800 million in payments under NextGenerationEU, the 
temporary instrument to finance Europe's recovery and foster a greener, more digital and resilient 
economy after the pandemic. The payments are going to 41 national and regional programmes in 16 
Member States including Greece. The funds under the REACT-EU constitute additional resources for 
existing Cohesion policy programmes. (28 June 2021). 
 
The European Commission, in its second NextGenerationEU transaction, has raised €15.0 billion to 
finance Europe's recovery from the coronavirus crisis and its consequences. This was a dual-tranche 
transaction, consisting of a €9.0 billion five-year bond due on 6 July 2026 and a €6.0 billion 30-year 
bond due on 6 July 2051. (29 June 2021). 
 
The European Commission issued a further €10.0 billion to support Europe's recovery from the 
coronavirus crisis and its consequences, in a third NextGenerationEU bond since the start of the 
programme in mid-June. The European Commission issued a 20-year bond due on 4 July 2041, which 
was welcomed by the market with a very strong interest, with books close to €100.0 billion. (13 July 
2021).

--- Page 169 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
169 
 
 
 
The European Commission has disbursed €4 billion to Greece in pre-financing, equivalent to 13% of 
the country's grant and loan allocation under the RRF. Greece is one of the first countries receiving a 
pre-financing payment under the RRF. The pre-financing will help to kick-start the implementation of 
the crucial investment and reform measures outlined in Greece's recovery and resilience plan. 
(9 August 2021). 
 
The European Commission has approved a Greek scheme to support the uncovered fixed costs of 
companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme was approved under the State aid 
Temporary Framework and has an estimated budget of up to €500 million. (27 August 2021). 
 
Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020, the EU, EU Member States and European financial 
institutions, as Team Europe, have disbursed €34.0 billion in support to partner countries in addressing 
the pandemic and its consequences, delivering on its promises with concrete results. This disbursement 
already exceeds by far the initial €20 billion Team Europe support package pledged in spring 2020, 
which has now increased to €46 billion. (16 September 2021). 
 
The European Commission took stock of the implementation of the Recovery Assistance for Cohesion 
and the Territories of Europe (REACT-EU). With €34.1 billion approved and €3.5 billion already 
paid out in just four months, REACT-EU was the very first instrument of NextGenerationEU to make 
payments for the recovery of Member States. (11 October 2021). 
 
The European Commission adopted its 2022 Work Programme, setting out the next steps in its bold 
and transformative agenda towards a post-COVID-19 Europe that is greener, fairer, more digital and 
more resilient. This European Commission’s Work Programme contains 42 new policy initiatives 
across all six headline ambitions of President von der Leyen's Political Guidelines, building on her 
2021 State of the Union speech. It also reflects the lessons learnt from the unprecedented crisis caused 
by the pandemic, while paying particular attention to young generation thanks to the proposed 
European Year of Youth 2022. (19 October 2021). 
 
The European Commission has adopted a review of EU banking rules (the Capital Requirements 
Regulation and the Capital Requirements Directive). These new rules will ensure that EU banks 
become more resilient to potential future economic shocks, while contributing to Europe's recovery 
from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality. (27 October 2021). 
 
The European Commission has launched the 2022 European Semester cycle of economic policy 
coordination. The European Semester Autumn Package includes the Annual Sustainable Growth 
Survey, Opinions on euro area Draft Budgetary Plans (“DBPs”) for 2022, policy recommendations for 
the euro area and the Commission’s proposal for a Joint Employment Report. The RRF, the center 
piece of Next Generation EU, will be more deeply integrated into the new European Semester cycle. 
The RRF, with a budget of €723.8 billion in grants and loans, will have a central role in building a 
resilient economy that puts fairness at its heart. RRF grants will in 2022 fund 24% of total recovery 
support measures and the aim is to mitigate the economic and social impact of the coronavirus 
pandemic and make European economies and societies more sustainable, resilient and better prepared 
for the challenges and opportunities of the green and digital transitions (24 November 2021).  
 
The European Commission has published the allocation of REACT-EU resources for the year 2022. 
Around €11.0 billion (in current prices) are now available for programming under Cohesion policy in 
all 27 Member States. These funds come in addition to the almost €40.0 billion made available in 
2021. The REACT-EU resources are released in two tranches in order to capture thoroughly the

--- Page 170 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
170 
 
 
evolving social and economic impact of the pandemic. Allocations are based on the countries’ GDP, 
unemployment and youth unemployment. Additionally, the breakdown takes into account the impact 
of the coronavirus pandemic on Member States' economies according to statistic data from 19 October 
2021. The swift approval of measures have allowed Member States to allocate €37.0 billion, with total 
payments reaching €6.1 billion. Of these approved measures, €23.3 billion will be used through the 
European Regional Development Fund, €12.8 billion through the European Social Fund and €0.5 
billion through the Fund for European Aid to the most Deprived (24 November 2021). 
 
The European Commission has adopted a package of measures to improve the ability of companies to 
raise capital across the EU and ensure that Europeans get the best deals for their savings and 
investments. This will help Europe's economic recovery from the COVID-19 crisis, as well as the 
digital and green transitions. In addition, the Commission has put forward a Communication setting 
out the actions it will take next year to spur the market. The legislative proposals adopted are: 1) The 
European Single Access Point (ESAP): putting data at investors' fingertips, 2) Review of the European 
Long-Term Investment Funds (ELTIFs) Regulation: encouraging long-term investment, including by 
retail investors,3) Review of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (AIFMD), 4) 
Review of the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (MiFIR): enhancing transparency by 
introducing a “European consolidated tape” for easier access to trading data by all investors. 
According to the Commission, the four legislative proposals adopted are an important step in the 
implementation of the Commission's 2020 Capital Market Union (CMU) Action Plan (25 November 
2021). 
 
The European Commission announced its plans to cover the funding needs under Next Generation EU 
for the first half of 2022. The plan includes the issuance of €50.0 billion of long-term EU-Bonds 
between January and June 2022, to be complemented by short-term EU-Bills. On that basis, the 
Commission will continue to be able to cover all payments due under the RRF and all other programs 
under the Next Generation EU recovery instrument over that period (14 December 2021).  
 
The European Commission launches Recovery and Resilience Scoreboard, a public online platform to 
show progress in the implementation of the RRF as a whole, and of the individual national recovery 
and resilience plans (15 December 2021). 
 
A political agreement has been reached on the Regulation allowing for the activation of urgent and 
targeted medical countermeasures by the European Health Emergency preparedness and Response 
Authority (HERA) during public health emergencies in the EU. These measures include the 
procurement and purchase of crisis-relevant medical countermeasures and raw materials, the 
activation of reserved industrial facilities for flexible manufacturing of vaccines and therapeutics, the 
establishment of a Health Crisis Board with Member States and the creation of rapid monitoring 
mechanisms (20 December 2021).  
 
The European Commission has proposed to establish the next generation of own resources for the EU 
budget by putting forward three new sources of revenue: the first based on revenues from emissions 
trading (ETS), the second drawing on the resources generated by the proposed EU carbon border 
adjustment mechanism, and the third based on the share of residual profits from multinationals that 
will be re-allocated to EU Member States under the recent Organisation for Economic Cooperation 
and Development (OECD)/G20 agreement on a re-allocation of taxing rights (“Pillar One”). In the 
years 2026-2030, these new sources of revenue are expected to generate on average a total of up to 
€17.0 billion annually for the EU budget. The new own resources proposed will help to repay the funds

--- Page 171 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
171 
 
 
raised by the EU to finance the grant component of Next Generation EU. The new own resources 
should also finance the Social Climate Fund (22 December 2021).  
 
The European Commission completed the payments of the EU Solidarity Fund (EUSF) assistance to 
tackle the coronavirus health emergency to 19 countries (including Greece) for a total amount of 
almost €385 million (19 January 2022). 
 
The European Commission, in its first bond syndication of 2022, raised a further €5.0 billion in Next 
Generation EU funds on behalf of the EU, in order to support the Europe’s recovery. The 30-year bond 
brings the total financing raised under the programme to 78.5 billion and the Commission’s successful 
placement will help sustain the momentum behind Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
(8 February 2022). 
 
The European Commission endorses a positive preliminary assessment of Greece's payment request 
for €3.6 billion, of which €1.7 billion in grants and nearly €1.9 billion in loans, under the RRF. The 
Commission will assess further payment requests by Greece based on the fulfilment of the subsequent 
milestones and targets outlined in the Council Implementing Decision, reflecting progress on the 
implementation of the investments and reforms. (28 February 2022). 
 
The European Commission adopts its first annual report on the implementation of the RRF, the 
centrepiece of Next Generation EU and finds implementation is well underway. The RRF is providing 
up to €723.8 billion (in current prices) of grants and loans to Member States to support transformative 
investments and reforms that will enable the EU to emerge stronger from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
More than 30 payment requests are expected in 2022 by the Member States. (1 March 2022). 
European Banking Authority 
The European Banking Authority announced the following measure: 
 
On 17 January 2022, the EBA made a statement on the application of COVID-19 reporting after 2021. 
The EBA confirms the continued application of COVID-19 related reporting and disclosure 
requirements until further notice, but with the embedded flexibility to cater for the different needs 
across jurisdictions. According to the EBA, uncertainty of COVID-19 situation persists, so the need 
to continue monitoring exposures and the credit quality of loans benefitting from various public 
support measures. The EBA states that will continue to monitor developments and will further reassess 
the application of the Guidelines on the reporting and disclosure of exposures subject to measures 
applied in response to the COVID-19 crisis, in the future. ΕΒΑ points out that, despite the noticeable 
reduction in the volumes of loans within the scope of COVID-19 reporting and disclosure (loans under 
various forms of payment moratoria and public guarantee schemes), given the ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic and the uncertainty over its future development, the related credit risk still needs to be 
monitored. The need for such monitoring is obvious as loans under support measures exhibit a 
deterioration in their credit outlook. The EBA notes that the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the 
credit quality of exposures may differ across jurisdictions and over time, and that, in some 
jurisdictions, the level of public support measures considered for the purposes of COVID-19 reporting 
and disclosure also differs. To this end, competent authorities may exercise the flexibility provided in 
the Guidelines to reduce or stop some specific reporting and disclosure requirements (17 January 
2022).

--- Page 172 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
172 
 
 
Major Shareholders 
By resolution of the Bank’s Annual General Meeting of 26 July 2018, it was decided to simultaneously increase 
(i) the share capital by €0.90, due to capitalization of an equal part of the Bank's special reserve of Article 4.4a 
of Codified Law 2190/1920, and (ii) the nominal value of each common registered voting share of the Bank 
from €0.30 to €3.00, reducing the aggregate number of the Bank's old common registered shares from 
9,147,151,527 to 914,715,153 new common registered shares with voting rights by means of a reverse split at 
a rate of ten (10) old common shares of the Bank to one (1) new common share of the Bank. 
Further to the above, the Bank’s outstanding issued share capital amounted to €2,744,145,459, divided into 
914,715,153 common shares of a nominal value of €3.00 each. 
By resolution of the Bank’s Annual General Meeting of 30 July 2021, it was decided to reduce the Bank’s 
share capital by €1,829,430,306 through reduction of the nominal value of each common registered share from 
€3.00 to €1.00, for the purpose of setting off equal cumulative accounting losses of previous years in the 
context of launching a Stock Options Program in accordance with Article 113(4) of Law 4548/2018. As a 
result, the Bank’s share capital would stand at €914,715,153.00 divided into 914,715,153 common shares of a 
nominal value of €1.00 each. 
Following the above resolution and the required approvals by competent authorities, on 18 November 2021, 
the Bank announced the aforementioned share capital decrease by reduction of the nominal value of its shares, 
determining 22 November 2021 as the date of change of the nominal value of the Bank’s shares to €1.00. 
Further to the above, the Bank’s share capital amounts to €914,715,153.00 and is divided into 914,715,153 
common shares of a nominal value of €1.00 each. 
Common Shares 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding holders of the Bank’s common shares, based on 
information known to or ascertainable by the Bank as at 6 December 2022:  
 
 
6 December 2022 
 
Number of common 
shares 
Percentage 
holding 
HFSF .....................................................................  
369,468,775 
40.39% 
Legal entities and individuals outside of Greece............  
452,237,347 
49.44% 
Legal entities and individuals in Greece.......................  
89,342,47 
9.77% 
Domestic pension funds ............................................  
3,051,004 
0.33% 
Other domestic public sector related legal entities and Church 
of Greece ................................................................  
614,188 
0.07% 
Other......................................................................  
1,369 
0.00%

--- Page 173 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
173 
 
 
Private placement by investors ...................................  
— 
— 
Total common shares .............................................  
914,715,153 
100.00% 
 
The Bank’s ordinary shares are listed for trading on the Athens Exchange (ATHEX). 
Other than the above, the Bank does not know of any other persons who, directly or indirectly, jointly or 
individually, exercise or could exercise control over the Bank. 
Other than the HFSF, no single shareholder beneficially owns 5.00% or more of the Bank’s common shares. 
State Interests 
In the context of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF acquired 40.39% or 3,694,687,756 
(369,468,775 respectively after the reverse split, as mentioned herein above) of the Bank’s share capital 
through holding shares of which 134,818,596 (13,481,859 respectively after the reverse split) used to fall under 
the restrictions of Article 7a paragraph 2 of the HFSF Law. However, in accordance with Law 4941/2022, 
which amended the HFSF Law, Article 107 par. 2, as of 16.07.2022, the HFSF, pursuant to Article 7a of the 
HFSF Law, as amended by Law 4941/2022 and in force, fully exercises voting rights corresponding to the 
total shares that it holds, i.e., to 369,468,775 shares. 
Relationship with the Hellenic Republic  
Hellenic Republic as Shareholder 
As at 4 November 2022 and following completion of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF owns 
40.39% of the Bank’s common share capital. Also, various domestic pension funds own in total 0.37% of the 
Bank’s common share capital, and other domestic public sector related legal entities and the Church of Greece 
own in total 0.07% of the Bank’s common share capital. See also “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Bank’s 
Recapitalisation and Receipt of State Aid” and “Major Shareholders” above.  
As the Bank no longer benefits from any support under the Hellenic Republic’s Bank Support Plan, the Bank 
is no longer subject to the provisions of Greek Law 3723/2008 (governing the Hellenic Republic Bank Support 
Plan) and the representation of the Hellenic Republic on the Bank’s Board of Directors has been ceased.  
Moreover, for powers vested in the HFSF as it participates in the Bank, please also see “Regulation and 
Supervision of Banks in Greece – The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund – The Greek Recapitalisation 
Framework”. 
Hellenic Republic as Customer 
The Hellenic Republic, including state related entities, is a large customer of the Bank in terms of loans and 
deposits. As at 31 December 2021, 1.8% of the Bank’s outstanding loans were to the Hellenic Republic and 
state related entities, and 3.4% of the Bank’s deposits were from the Hellenic Republic and state related 
entities. The commercial relationship between the Bank, the Hellenic Republic and other state owned 
enterprises is conducted on a normal “arm’s length” basis. The Bank believes that the commercially oriented 
strategy currently being implemented will continue for the foreseeable future.

--- Page 174 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
174 
 
 
Hellenic Republic as Regulator 
Through various agencies, including the Bank of Greece, the Hellenic Republic is also the regulator of the 
Group’s business activities. For more information see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece” below. 
Organisational Structure 
Set forth below is a chart indicating the individual companies within the Group and the Group’s participation 
(direct and indirect) in each company as at 30 September 2022. 
 
Primary Operating Area 
Country of 
incorporation 
Direct 
Indirect 
Total 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
 
 
 
Ethniki Leasing S.A. .......................................................... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Ethniki Factors S.A............................................................ 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Probank Leasing S.A(3). ..................................................... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
International 
 
 
 
 
National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd ............................... 
Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
National Securities Co (Cyprus) Ltd(2)................................ 
Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Management Services Ltd ......................................... 
Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Stopanska Banka A.D. (Skopje) ......................................... 
North Macedonia 
94.64% 
— 
94.64% 
Stopanska Leasing DOOEL(5) ............................................ 
North Macedonia 
 
94.64% 
94.64% 
Bankteco E.O.O.D............................................................. 
Bulgaria 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Leasing S.R.L. .......................................................... 
Romania 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG (Malta) Holdings Ltd(4) ............................................. 
Malta 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Malta Ltd(4) .............................................................. 
Malta 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Global Markets & Asset Management 
 
 
 
 
National Securities S.A. ..................................................... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Asset Management Mutual Funds S.A. ...................... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
I-Bank Direct S.A(2). .......................................................... 
Greece 
99.90% 
0.10% 
100.00% 
NBG PAY S.M.S.A(6) ........................................................ 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Greek Fund Ltd ........................................................ 
Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance Plc............................................................... 
UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance (Dollar) Plc(2) .............................................. 
UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance (Sterling) Plc(2) ............................................ 
UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG International Ltd ...................................................... 
UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBGI Private Equity Ltd(2) ................................................ 
UK 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Asset Management Luxembourg S.A. ........................ 
Luxemburg 
94.67% 
5.33% 
100.00% 
Insurance 
 
 
 
 
NBG Insurance Brokers S.A............................................... 
Greece 
100.00% 
_% 
100.00% 
Other 
 
 
 
 
NBG Property Services S.A................................................ 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Pronomiouhos Single 
Member 
S.A. 
Genikon Apothikon 
Hellados ......................................................................... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
KADMOS S.A................................................................... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
DIONYSOS S.A. ............................................................... 
Greece 
99.91% 
— 
99.91% 
EKTENEPOL Construction Company S.A. ........................ 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Mortgage, Touristic Protypos Single Member S.A............... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Hellenic Touristic Constructions S.A.................................. 
Greece 
78.24% 
— 
78.24% 
Ethniki Ktimatikis Ekmetalefsis Single Member S.A........... 
Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG International Holdings B.V. ....................................... 
The Netherlands 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
ARC Management One SRL(1) ........................................... 
Romania 
99.51% 
0.49% 
100.00% 
ARC Management Two EAD(1) ......................................... 
Bulgaria 
100.00% 
0.00% 
100.00% 
 
 
(1) 
Special Purpose Entity in which the Bank is the primary beneficiary. 
(2) 
Companies under liquidation. 
(3) 
Probank Leasing has been reclassified to non-current assets held for sale.

--- Page 175 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
175 
 
 
(4) 
In October 2021, the Bank decided to cease its operation in Malta through its subsidiary NBG Bank Malta Ltd and from 31 
August 2022, the subsidiaries are under liquidation. NBG Malta Limited, formerly known as NBG Bank Malta Limited 
surrendered its banking license on 11 August 2022 and subsequently placed into liquidation. 
(5) 
Entity was established on 24 February 2022. 
(6) 
Entity was established on 23 May 2022. 
Business Overview 
Introduction 
The Bank is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and it holds a significant position in Greece’s banking 
sector, with as at 30 June 2022, 337 branches, one private banking unit and 1,483 ATMs.  
 
Group main activities at a glance are:  
Continuing operations: 
In Greece 
 
Retail banking 
 
Corporate and investment banking 
 
NPE management (Troubled Asset Units) 
 
Other 
 
Global Transaction Services 
 
Leasing  
 
Factoring 
 
Brokerage 
 
Asset management 
 
Real estate  
Outside of Greece: 
 
Two banking subsidiaries 
- Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje  
- NBG Cyprus Ltd 
New leasing subsidiary 
- Stopanska Leasing DOOEL 
Following the respective Bank’s decision in 2021, the Group ceased its operation in Egypt, Malta and NBG 
London Branch; and therefore the NBG Egypt Branch, the NBG London Branch and the subsidiaries NBG 
Malta Ltd (formerly known as NBG Bank Malta Ltd) and NBG Malta Holdings Ltd are currently under 
liquidation.  
The Bank is the principal operating company of the Group, representing 95.2% of the Group’s total assets, 
excluding non-current assets held for sale, as at 30 June 2022. The Bank’s liabilities represent 97.3% of the 
Group’s total liabilities, excluding liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale, as at 
30 June 2022. While the Bank conducts most of the Group’s banking activities, it is supported by one 
non-Greek banking subsidiary: Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje (Stopanska Banka).  
The Bank holds significant positions in many financial services products in Greece. Based on internal analysis, 
as at 30 June 2022, of the Bank’s published financial statements based on IFRS regarding the Bank’s 
outstanding amounts and the total market based on the Bank of Greece’s Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural 
Indicators, the Bank had significant market share of mortgage loans in Greece, with a share of 25.6% (source: 
Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, Table IV.16 Domestic MFI Credit to domestic

--- Page 176 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
176 
 
 
individuals and private non-profit institutions by loan type) and holds a significant position in core deposits 
(which consist of sight deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time deposits), with a market 
share of 29.3% (source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, Table IV.11.1 
Deposits/Repos by domestic enterprises and households with OMFIs). See also below the table with the 
Group’s estimated market shares “Banking Activities in Greece – Retail Banking” below.  
NBG’s Transformation Programme  
Building upon its long-lasting tradition of trust and service to society, the Bank embarked on a large-scale 
transformation programme in the second half of 2018, in response to the challenges and tapping the business 
opportunities presented by the rapidly changing economic and banking landscape, committing to the delivery 
of aspiring financial and operational targets (the Transformation Programme).  
Through years of implementation, the Transformation Programme has delivered impressive results in terms of 
core profitability – fully in line with the Bank’s financial and business targets up to 2024 – and tangible 
improvements to NBG’s business and operating model. The Transformation Programme has been designed 
and is being delivered across Workstreams, each led by a senior executive of the Bank. 
Strategic Priorities for 2022-24 
Between 2022 and 2024 the Bank will pursue the following strategic priorities: 
1. 
completing the clean up of the bank’s balance sheet, targeting NPEs of c.3% of gross loans by 2024, 
while retaining best-in-class capital ratios, driven by the completion of a final securitisation 
transaction, and continued organic efforts in line with evolving market conditions. Additionally, a new 
business setup aims at capturing emerging revenue generation opportunities in the broader ecosystem 
of investors and servicers (e.g., acquisition financing, REOCO financing, auction financing); 
2. 
further enhancing efficiency, with a lower headcount and cost base, as well as enhanced productivity 
through material further improvements in the Bank’s business and operating model. Such 
improvements include optimising the Bank’s branch network and head office capacity and real estate 
spend through an optimised footprint of buildings and renegotiated leasing agreements; 
3. 
further boosting revenue generation through an increased focus on cross-selling and fee generation 
opportunities in Retail banking, and through deepening large client relationships and broadening the 
SME client base in Corporate banking; 
 
In the case of Retail banking, this is achieved through segment-focused relationship managers 
(primarily for Small Business and Premium segments), a stronger focus on fee-generating 
products (e.g., investment products and cards), continued disbursement market share gains 
across retail loan categories and further enhancement of sales through third party partnerships 
(e.g., retailers, e-commerce).  
 
In the case of Corporate banking, this is achieved through an increase in relationship 
managers’ capacity and time spent on sales, enhanced service levels, and a drive to increase 
sales of ancillary products and fees through the Bank’s Corporate Transaction Banking (CTB) 
unit. A core part of our strategy, is to support Greek businesses in capturing opportunities in 
the context of the Recovery & Resilience Facility (RRF).

--- Page 177 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
177 
 
 
 
Across segments, advanced analytics are operationalized to improve clients’ targeting while 
digital channels are playing an increasingly important role in onboarding, engaging and selling 
to customers, a trend which has accelerated significantly over the past years; 
4. 
modernising the Bank’s technology and centralised operations and processes. In terms of technology, 
the Bank’s key priorities include replacing the core banking system to enable revenue generation and 
cost efficiencies in the medium term, enhancing digital and data infrastructure, migrating to a cloud-
enabled environment, as well as rolling out the required infrastructure to transition to a paperless Bank. 
On the operations front, the Bank’s key focus remains on optimising core processes (both customer-
facing and internal) through simplification, centralisation, automation levers and application of new 
technologies (incl. RPAs, AI and OCR); 
5. 
enabling the transformation through a modern HR framework. After successfully rolling out a new 
performance management system (PMS) coupled with a new incentive scheme for all the Bank’s 
employees, the next horizon relates to improvements in HR operating model (incl. efficiencies, 
systems and data), further talent development through flagship leadership programmes as part of the 
NBG Academy platform and a focus on evolving the Bank’s corporate culture in line with NBG’s 
values; 
6. 
embedding a holistic Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) framework across the organisation, 
including addressing the business challenges and managing the risks emanating from climate and 
environmental change, delivering impact in society in areas of high priority (including, among others, 
diversity and inclusion, culture and creativity, and digital literacy), and adhering to the highest 
governance standards. 
The Bank’s Purpose and Values 
During the first half of 2021, the NBG Group launched a revamped Purpose Statement, and revisited its Core 
Values within the context of its Transformation Programme to guide its overall strategy, transformation, 
corporate culture and corporate communications. 
About Environment, Social and Governance  
Since the beginning of 2021, NBG has been pursuing a holistic ESG effort to ensure compliance with the 
evolving regulatory framework, fulfilment of its commitment to the Principles of Responsible Banking (PRB) 
of the United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) and implementation of ESG best 
practices across the organization (covering management of credit and other types of risk, business strategy, 
products and services, data and reporting, as well as efforts to reduce NBG’s direct and indirect emissions 
footprint). 
An ESG Management Committee, chaired by the Chief Executive Officer, has been set up to govern all 
strategic decisions related to ESG, and oversee matters pertaining to corporate social responsibility, 
sustainability, and climate change. 
Moreover, key initiatives relevant to the implementation of our ESG business strategy, the management of 
ESG risks and the relevant data and reporting infrastructure are being included in the Transformation 
Programme to ensure high level of focus and execution discipline in the aforementioned critical areas.

--- Page 178 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
178 
 
 
Banking Activities in Greece 
In this section, financial information pertaining to the Bank relates to banking activities in Greece.  
Most of the Bank’s banking business from continuing operations is domestic and includes retail, corporate and 
investment banking. Banking activities in Greece include the Bank’s domestic operations, Ethniki Leasing and 
Ethniki Factors S.A. (Ethniki Factors). The Group’s domestic banking operations accounted for 95.3% of its 
total lending activities as at 30 June 2022 (the Domestic Banking Loans) and for 96.8% of its deposits as at 
30 June 2022 (the Domestic Banking Deposits). Discontinuing operations includes the subsidiary in the 
leasing sector Probank Leasing S.A. 
The following table sets forth details of the domestic loans before allowance for impairment and deposits as 
at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2022: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
Loans 
Deposits 
Loans 
Deposits 
Loans 
Deposits 
 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
 
(€ million, except for percentages) 
Retail(1)................  
12,101 
43.0% 
35,237 
75.0% 
10,861 
35.7% 
38,311 
74.3% 
10,601 
30.9% 
39,050 
74.3% 
Corporate............  
15,544 
55.3% 
9,177 
19.5% 
19,043 
62.5% 
11,501 
22.3% 
23,077 
67.3% 
11,787 
22.4% 
Public Sector......  
480 
1.7% 
2,563 
5.5% 
549 
1.8% 
739 
3.4% 
610 
1.8% 
1,731 
3.3% 
Total....................  
28,125 100.0% 
46,977 
100.0% 
30,453 
100.0% 
51,551 
100.0% 
34,288 100.0% 
52,568 100.0% 
(1) 
Retail loans include consumer loans, personal loans, mortgages, automobile financing, loans to SMEs and credit cards 
The Bank aims to attract domestic deposits from retail and corporate customers through: 
 
wide coverage of the Bank’s domestic branch network; 
 
digital banking platforms to ensure nationwide service availability to our customers; 
 
the respected status of the Bank’s brand name among a large segment of the population; and 
 
a broad range of services and products offered by the Bank.  
Furthermore, the Bank strengthened its digital sales offering by enriching the available pallet of credit (e.g. 
gold & platinum Mastercard) as well as insurance products. 
Moreover, the Bank offered to its customers contactless payments through mobile (near field communication 
(NFC payments) and Apple Pay. The Bank integrated with eGov-KYC, simplifying digital onboarding and 
personal details update through internet banking, without documents upload.  
Finally, the Retail Banking Function following last year’s establishment of an independent Segment Risk & 
Control Sector, proceeded with the following actions across the whole Retail Banking Function: 
 
Further enhancement to Internal Control System.

--- Page 179 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
179 
 
 
 
Alignment of its activities with those of the Risk and Control Functions, as well as Group Internal 
Audit. 
 
Achievement of a high degree of readiness & compliance against all regulatory obligations, as well as 
increased risk and control awareness. 
NBG’s digital strategy delivers significant results, with digital subscribers reaching 3.6 million (+9% y-o-y) 
and active users reaching 2.7 million (+13% y-o-y) in 3Q.22. NBG is widely recognized for its digital offering, 
ranking among the top 10% digital champions in Deloitte’s Global Digital Banking Maturity Survey for 2022, 
out of a global sample of more than 300 incumbent and challenger banks. 
Domestic loan disbursements during 2021 reached €4.9 billion +5.1% y-o-y, aided by corporates. In addition, 
the Bank has disbursed new loans of €4.0 billion (+45% y-o-y) in Greece in the first nine months of 2022, 
driving the domestic PE loan portfolio up by €2.3 billion y-o-y compared to the first nine months of 2021. 
Greek Banking Distribution Channels 
As at 30 September 2022, the Bank operated in Greece through 338 branches (including eight tellerless 
branches and one private banking Unit). As at 30 September 2022, the Bank operated 1,483 ATMs, 842 
(offsite) of which were situated in key locations such as supermarkets, metro stations, shopping centres, 
hospitals and airports (55% of the Bank’s ATMs are equipped with cash deposit devices). 
In 2011, the Bank created the first “i-bank store”, an innovative concept store which provides visitors with a 
true phygital (physical and digital) banking experience. As at 30 September 2022, the i-bank stores have 
already been transformed into a new type of branch called “Retail i-bank tellerless”, which provides the same 
services as a retail branch except of teller transactions. At that date there were 8 such units. 
In addition, since the end of 2014, the Bank has developed “i-bank Pay Spot”, an integrated payments service 
for retail stores that allows consumers to make payments (mostly bill payments) in non-banking, convenient 
locations around Greece.  
With “i-bank Pay Spot”, consumers can pay in cash or by debit/credit card more than 300 bills (utilities, 
telecoms, insurance companies, etc.) in small retail stores in their neighbourhood (kiosks, newsstands, 
pharmacies, grocery stores, etc.). Consumers can also pay debts to public authorities (e.g. assessed tax debts, 
road tax for cars and motorcycles, etc.) and top up their fixed/mobile/internet connection. There are more than 
2,500 i-bank Pay Spots already operating around Greece and the Bank aims to further expand the network. 
The Bank’s branches are located in almost every major city and town in Greece. Approximately 42% of the 
Bank’s branches are located in the Attica and Thessaloniki prefectures, the major population centres in Greece. 
The Bank is engaged in a continuous process of rationalizing the organisation of its branch network in order 
to reduce costs, primarily by centralizing back office functions to free more employees to work on sales 
activities directly with customers. In addition, the Bank is continuing to consolidate redundant branches in 
order to maintain equivalent geographic coverage at a lower cost. 
As at 30 September 2022, registered customers in digital channels reached 3.6 million, with 180,000 new 
customers registered since the beginning of the year, while the transactions performed through digital channels 
increased by 20% compared to the corresponding period last year.

--- Page 180 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
180 
 
 
Retail Banking 
All of the Group’s retail banking activities in Greece are conducted by the Bank. The Bank offers retail 
customers a number of different types of deposit and investment products, as well as a wide range of traditional 
banking services and products. 
The following table illustrates the Bank’s estimated market share in Greece for certain categories of retail 
banking activities as at the dates indicated (source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural 
Indicators): 
 
 
As at 
31 December 
As at  
30 June 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Mortgage lending (balances) ..................................... 
19.4% 
26.1% 
25.6% 
Consumer loans and credit cards (balances) ............... 
11.5% 
15.7% 
15.8% 
Core deposits(1) ....................................................... 
31.2% 
29.8% 
29.3% 
 
 
(1) 
Core deposits consist of sight deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time deposits. 
The Bank believes that its strong corporate image and brand recognition in Greece, its large customer base and 
its digital business, network of branches and ATMs are advantages that will facilitate the Bank’s access to a 
diverse depositor base in Greece, providing the Bank with a large, stable and low-cost source of funding. 
2021 was a challenging year for the Retail Banking Division. The extension of the restrictions due to the 
pandemic, forced the Bank to become more reactive and innovative and overcome numerous impediments, 
showing immediate reaction, extroversion, and effective leadership. Moreover, the Transformation Program 
continued at its pace, with a broad range of tactical and strategic initiatives being delivered. Hence, in 2021, 
the Retail Banking Division displayed, once more, solid growth based on the implementation of the following 
key initiatives: 
Customer-centric service model: The customer-centric service model aiming to strengthen customer’s 
relationship with the Bank, through increased product penetration and services usage, was revamped during 
2021. Dedicated relationship managers for high-value customer segments, as well as targeted customer 
propositions based on advanced analytics were the main features of the model. Organizational business needs 
are supported by a staffing model yearly redefined.  
Towards reinforcing customers’ loyalty and engagement, the “Go4More” program provides an effective tool 
to promote products and services to different clientele segments. Thus, Go4more expanded further its merchant 
network and upgraded its technical functionalities to respond to client’s needs and preferences.  
Mortgage Lending: The Bank introduced new features to mortgage loans mainly regarding interest payments 
(i.e. “interest only” instalments for up to 2 years or skip one instalment per year). It launched new mortgage 
loans with competitive pricing for fixed/ hybrid rate loans, with 10-year fixed interest rate option, starting from 
2.80%, available also for application and pre-approval through internet banking.  
In addition, the Bank implemented an increase in maximum LTV for newly built houses or those available on 
Real Estate-Online platform of the Bank. A 360ο mortgage loans commercial campaign launched in 3Q.21 
came to complete this effort.

--- Page 181 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
181 
 
 
Moreover, the Bank boosted its mortgage lending business in 2021 by further enhancement of existing and 
new partnerships with main market brokers providing new competitive features. 
Finally, the Bank continued the “Reward Program” for non-delinquent customers on their housing loan 
repayments, despite market and economic adversities.  
Consumer Lending: The Bank enriched consumer loans with new competitive terms/ features, amended 
interest rate, lowered minimum tenure, launched new financing for electric vehicles, while boosted “Express” 
loan through successful cross-selling to new mortgage loans. The Bank participated once more in the co-
funded “EXOIKONOMO-AUTONOMO” program, offering loans for energy efficiency and residence 
autonomy improvement, with 100% subsidy of interest rate and zero fees.  
Moreover, the Bank achieved new partnerships with market-leading retailers, capturing new marketplaces 
while grew existing key partnerships. Finally, the Bank, through coordinated actions, improved its overall 
positioning regarding car financing through dealers/ third parties, focusing also on used vehicles. 
Small Business Lending: The Bank significantly increased its disbursements and market share, designing and 
implementing of a Small Business value-proposition, aiming at: 
a) 
serving clients with high value products and services through a customer- centric approach; 
b) 
building strong, distinct Business Banking Identity and Culture; 
c) 
focusing on expanding the Bank’s market share, and 
d) 
increasing respective portfolio’s profitability and value. 
Towards this direction, the Bank continued its active participation and cooperation with State and European 
programs throughout the pandemic period, while became more active and extrovert regarding green energy 
financing, through specifically designed products or the EIB.  
Towards digital migration, the Bank enhanced product offering to businesses and professionals with the 
“Business Express” loan, up to €35,000, a product offered exclusively through internet banking.  
Cards (issuing & acquiring): The Bank entered into an agreement with EVO Payments, a leading company 
in the provision of payment technologies and services and a presence in over 50 markets worldwide; This 
strategic partnership is expected to further increase Bank’s market share in the cards acquiring business while 
creating value through the exploitation of significant synergies. Moreover, the migration of the credit cards 
portfolio to the new card management system (“CMS”) was completed, which is expected to offer 
technologically upgraded solutions /capabilities and enrichment of the services provided to consumers. Last 
but not least, the Bank activated payments for more than 5.0 million debit & prepaid cards’ users through 
Apple Pay. 
Deposits, Investments and Bancassurance: The Bank launched new and innovative products: 
a) 
Deposit product bundles (e-value & value plus), available also via digital banking 
b) 
Structured Investment product with partial capital guarantee – a groundbreaking product for the Greek 
Market (launched January 2022)

--- Page 182 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
182 
 
 
c) 
Bancassurance: (i) Unit Linked (single or regular premium) investment product with Life insurance, 
(ii) Health insurance (hospital), (iii) Expanded property eligibility for Fire & Earthquake insurance 
d) 
SEPA Instant transfers. 
At the same time, the Bank retained its bancassurance portfolio within the Frontier project, re-launched on-
site training for Bancassurance products via specialized team (“Field Coaching”) and continued to expand its 
digital offering by including additional products: (i) health insurance (check-up & diagnostic tests), (ii) auto 
insurance, (iii) sight account opening, (iv) transfers in foreign currency for shipping customers. 
Private Banking: AUM grew substantially both by deepening AUM from existing clients and cross-selling 
and referral initiatives among Retail and Corporate segments of the Bank. The operational model was further 
enhanced with a parallel supervision of clients’ portfolios to both the investment strategy team and the 
respective Relationship Managers. This innovative structure improved services quality, risk management and 
portfolio performance. 
Premium Banking: The Bank: 
a) 
improved Premium Banking sales and service delivery by (i) re-segmenting customer base to better 
identify investment potentials and (ii) close monitoring of agreed action plan through personalized 
appointments and customer surveys; 
b) 
boosted investment product fees by organizing training sessions, launching a “helpline”, designing 
and implementing a mutual funds selection tool. 
Mass segment: The Bank:  
a) 
designed and implemented a large scale of campaigns through all available communication channels 
for high revenue generating products;  
b) 
implemented for the first time, automated event triggered campaigns, for basic product journeys, thus 
enhancing customer experience, while at the same time exploiting cross – sell and upsell opportunities. 
Key Accounts segment: through the active management of the specific clientele, the Bank amended interest 
rates for key accounts clientele expediting its cost of capital reduction while increased fee generating 
transactions. Moreover, it achieved a significant shift of this clientele to digital channels. 
Branch network: Optimization of branch network footprint and migration of transaction to ATM/APS 
continued, with targeted unit mergers, aiming at saving resources and rationalizing its operation. Currently, 
123 Lobby ATMs and 358 APSs are operating in the branch network. The branch network has been equipped 
with tablets and 3,000 multimedia screens, while there is an ongoing replacement of PC terminals, installation 
of the new check scanners and extension of the functionality of digital signature.  
At the same time, key business processes re-engineering continued, improving further the customer experience 
and freeing time for dedicated staff to concentrate on other customer-servicing / sales activities. Indicatively, 
some of them are the automation and/or redesign of transaction controls, the centralization of small business 
import/export documentation collection as well as that of corporate and SMEs administrative activities, the 
activation of the eGov-KYC feature in branch tablets and the deployment of new scanner equipment at the 
branch staff services. For one more year, the Branch network played a significant role in both the restructuring

--- Page 183 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
183 
 
 
as well as the sales initiatives of NPE portfolios in all stages, through a dedicated and specialized structure of 
“NPE Hubs”. 
Digital business: In 2021, the Bank offered its business customers a new, integrated package of digital 
solutions with new functionalities, value adding services, and a significantly upgraded customer service 
experience. Onboarding of new business customers is now available fully digitally; at the same time, a new 
digital offering was launched expanding self-service functionalities for business customers, namely the 
acquisition of business debit cards, sight account opening, end-to-end business Express loan and POS online 
purchases and e-commerce solutions. 
Furthermore, the Bank strengthened its digital sales offering by enriching the available pallet of credit (e.g. 
gold & platinum Mastercard) as well as insurance products. 
Moreover, the Bank offered to its customers contactless payments through mobile (near field communication 
(‘NFC’) payments) and Apple Pay. The Bank integrated with eGov-KYC, simplifying digital onboarding and 
personal details update through internet banking, without documents upload.  
Finally, the Retail Banking Function following last year’s establishment of an independent Segment Risk & 
Control Sector, proceeded with the following actions across the whole Retail Banking Function: 
 
Further enhancement to Internal Control System. 
 
Alignment of its activities with those of the Risk and Control Functions, as well as Group Internal 
Audit. 
 
Achievement of a high degree of readiness & compliance against all regulatory obligations, as well as 
increased risk and control awareness. 
Retail lending  
The following table illustrates the domestic loan portfolio before any ECL allowance for impairment for retail 
lending as follows:  
 
As at 
 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
In €000 
Consumer (auto financing, other, consumer lending 
and credit cards) ............................................... 
1,639 
1,427 
1,405 
Mortgages........................................................... 
8,946 
8,075 
7,753 
SBL .................................................................... 
1,516 
1,359 
1,443 
Consumer Lending Products 
Greek Banks reported evidence of considerable increase in demand across consumer lending categories in 
2021, which is consistent with the concurrent recovery of economic activity in Greece.  
The Bank continued gaining disbursement market share across consumer lending categories, through sale of 
products via Branch network & Digital Channels and increased sales in new cards through “new generation” 
products. Also continued further expanding partners’ network, its current competitive advantage, maintaining 
a market share above 50% in consumer loans through third party retailers.

--- Page 184 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
184 
 
 
The Bank’s domestic disbursement market share across all consumer loans is constantly increasing, from 
20.2% as at 31 December 2020, to 21.9% as at 31 December 2021 and 22.8% as at 30 September 2022.  
In order to enhance consumer lending several campaigns have been designed and/or launched, providing 
specific consumer loan products with favourable terms to preselected clientele. Furthermore, aiming to 
improve customer experience, the maximum loan amount and duration of EXPRESS personal loan were 
increased, now offering instant cash up to €6,000 and repayment up to 60 months.  
Additionally, in the past four years the Bank has continued focusing on “green” banking, by participating in 
the “Energy Efficiency at Household Buildings II” programme, which includes loans with favourable terms 
and conditions for energy improvements at home.  
With regard to new business development, apart from the promotion of the Bank’s products through its branch 
network, the Bank is now in a position to cater for shifting market trends and support extensive B2C and B2B 
financing solutions, including car purchase and energy/eco financing via strategic partnerships with retail 
chains, market places, car importing companies or dealers and energy trade and supply companies.  
Opting to support this, the Bank has been able to invest and capitalise on key collaborations, in order to expand 
its respective market shares and penetration rates, through innovative and advanced products that involve swift 
and safe processes, an extensive network of sales persons, one-stop-shop/BaaS services and second-to-none 
functionalities. As a result, more than half of the Bank’s consumer lending disbursements currently take place 
through these channels, with partners increasingly participating in delinquencies, partly or in total.  
Cards business in general continues its dynamic growth leaving a strong imprint throughout the domestic 
market. The Bank has a dominant position in the Debit & Prepaid cards market. Its strategic goal is to further 
increase its Credit Cards Portfolio. In the context of this strategic objective, the Bank has repositioned itself in 
the market by designing 3 new Credit Card packages. Simultaneously the Bank is boosting its new Credit Card 
sales with an emphasis on Cross Selling.  
The optimisation and automation of the Bank’s lending procedures, the digitalisation of customers’ services 
and the exploitation of various cross selling initiatives, are a part of the Bank’s Transformation Programme 
towards consumer lending.  
In the context of implementing a broader strategic Transformation plan, aiming to respond to new challenges 
of a dynamic and competitive Banking environment, the Bank decided to adopt the vertical hierarchy scheme 
in order to be aligned with the EU/ UK practices. Therefore NBG Retail lending regulation in Greece is 
currently under revision, adopting a vertical hierarchy scheme, consisting of: 
 
an overarching/ high level Credit Policy document, which articulates the key principles; 
 
a separate Retail Credit Sanctioning Guidelines document, which addresses the Bank’s underwriting 
criteria; and 
 
two procedural manuals (one for individuals retail lending and another for SBL), which complement 
and further specify the Credit Sanctioning Guidelines accordingly. 
The new hierarchy scheme is expected to be in effect within 2023. Risk based pricing, credit policy and rules 
are still embedded in the Bank’s underwriting systems, to safeguard the new business expansion.

--- Page 185 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
185 
 
 
Τhe balance of the domestic consumer loan portfolio (personal loans, auto financing, other consumer lending 
and credit cards) before any allowance for ECL impairment decreased from €1,639 million as at 31 December 
2020 to €1,427 million, as at 31 December 2021, and slightly decreased to €1,405 million as at 30 June 2022. 
Mortgage Lending Products 
Housing market in 2021 recorded a gradual acceleration of annual growth rates compared to the preceding 
year. More specifically, for the fourth year in a row, apartment prices recorded a y-o-y increase of 7.1% (vs 
4.5% in 2020). Moreover, apartment prices are estimated to have already increased on average by 9.4% y-o-y 
in Q2 2022.  
At the same time, in 2021, residential construction activity continued strengthening at country level compared 
to 2020, in terms of number & volumes of new building permits (47.6% and 54.1% respectively) according to 
BoG Governor’s Annual Report.  
The continued increase in rental prices combined with the accumulated need during the ten-year financial crisis 
to acquire a house for owner-occupancy can fuel demand for mortgages (for purchases as well as for renovation 
purposes). The Bank offers funding solutions to both existing and new clientele, having repriced mortgage 
loan products, whereas mixed interest rate products for funding of NBG owned residential properties have 
been launched.  
Further improvements were introduced aiming to optimize customer experience and minimize transaction 
time, e.g., centralization of all partial disbursements, optimization of mortgage loan application through 
internet banking, increase in Loan to Value ratio by 5%, initial partial disbursement upon provision of the 
building permit in case of house construction, maintaining high targets for new mortgages in 2022.  
Opting to support Bank’s expansion of mortgage loans’ market share, the Bank has currently invested in key 
collaborations with major real estate agents and brokers, aiming to exploit their extensive network of 
salespersons and one-stop-shop services across the country. In that context, a discrete centralized swimlane 
for ML applications via real estate agents was established, leading to simpler, more efficient and personalized 
operating model. As a result, a significant proportion of the Bank’s mortgage lending disbursements currently 
takes place through this altenative channel, which approaches, at present, 14% with a dynamic of doubling this 
figure by next years.  
High expectations for new disbursements are already reflected in this year’s results: €200 million for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2022 vs €167 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and €99 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Respectively, the Bank’s domestic disbursement market share in mortgage loans is constantly increasing, from 
17.0% as at 31 December 2020, to 19.5% as at 31 December 2021 and 23.8% as at 30 September 2022.  
As part of the Bank’s Transformation Programme, further actions to offload Branches from back-office tasks, 
speed up the overall mortgage loan process and optimize customer experience are under way.  
In the context of implementing a broader strategic Transformation plan, aiming to respond to new challenges 
of a dynamic and competitive Banking environment, the Bank decided to adopt the vertical hierarchy scheme 
in order to be aligned with the EU/ UK practices. So, NBG Retail lending regulation in Greece, is currently 
under revision, adopting a vertical hierarchy scheme, consisting of:

--- Page 186 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
186 
 
 
 
An overarching/ high level Credit Policy document, which articulates the key principles 
 
A separate Retail Credit Sanctioning Guidelines document, which addresses the Bank’s underwriting 
criteria and 
 
Two procedural manuals (one for individuals retail lending and another for SBL), which complement 
and further specify the Credit Sanctioning Guidelines accordingly. 
The new hierarchy scheme is expected to be in effect within 2023. Risk based pricing, credit policy and rules 
are still embedded in the Bank’s underwriting systems, to safeguard the new business expansion.  
As at 30 June 2022, the residential mortgage loan portfolio, before any ECL allowance for impairment, was 
€7,753 million, compared to €8,075 million at 31 December 2021 and €8,946 million at 31 December 2020.  
Small Business Lending Products  
The Small Business & Retail Lending Division (SB & RL Division) is the unit responsible for managing credit 
provision to small businesses with annual turnover of up to €2.5 million and total exposure of up to 
€1.0 million, in accordance with the Bank’s applicable Credit & Collection policy and approved authority 
levels. It operates through credit centres in the main urban centres (Athens, Thessaloniki and Patra (under 
abolition)), which handle small business loan credit applications. During 2022 a redesign project has been 
completed establishing a new operational model in the underwriting process. More specifically further 
automations have been introduced in the collection of data and information for applicants, the required 
documents accompanying the applications and further automations in pricing applications and proposal 
documentations are planned to be introduced in 2023. In parallel a new role has been introduced in 
underwriting process, this of “data validator”, who is responsible for the initial checks and processing of the 
applications, achieving thus a high level of standardization in the underwriting process and reducing the 
required time for an approval.  
These enhancements are supported by revised Credit Sanctioning guidelines & manuals which introduce 
alternative swimlanes in credit assessment based on the fulfillment of a number of criteria related to operational 
complexity of applications and the risk profile of the SMEs/guarantors/ applicant’s shareholders. Criteria are 
checked automatically to a great extend through a decision engine, enabling thus to establish “auto swimlanes” 
– reject or approve, based on the fulifillment of specific criteria and enabling the improvement in overall 
performance of Credit centers (in terms of time required for the credit decision).  
One of the main responsibilities is the development of the relative SBL products in order to offer a full range 
of financial solutions to the customers. Apart from the development of new products related to the standard 
types of loans offered by the Bank, the unit also cooperates with national and European bodies in order to offer 
special products and financial instruments, such as, ERDF, EAFRD, EGF Pan-European, and TEPIX 2. The 
aim of these programmes is to provide SMEs with the necessary support for their growth funds, while reducing: 
 
the need for collateral thanks to the guarantee provided to the Bank by the EFSI (EaSI and ERFD, 
EAFRD EGF Pan-European,) with the support of the European Union and by HDB (State Guarantee 
Fund, TMEDE) with the support of the Greek government; 
 
the cost of financing, since a zero-interest rate is applied on 40% of the loan thanks to the non-interest-
bearing portion of the financing supplied by HDB.

--- Page 187 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
187 
 
 
With the participation of HDB, the Bank launched: 
the State guarantee working capital programme, exclusively for very small businesses with turnover up to 
€200,000: 80% of the loan is guaranteed by HDB, with a total duration of up to five years, and the amount can 
reach the lesser of the following, €50,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover. Starting from 15 October 2021, the 
perimeter of the Programme has been expanded to include small businesses with turnover up to €1,000,000, 
while the amount reached the lesser of the following, €250,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover (other terms being 
the same). The Program was terminated on 30 June 2022, as scheduled. 
Co-financing working capital loans with interest rate subsidy with the HDB for working capital financing up 
to €50,000 to small and very small businesses, operating in the Western Macedonia region (Development Fund 
of Western Macedonia or TADYM). The Program was terminated, due to consumption of the budget, on 31 
October 2022. 
State guarantee working capital programme with the participation of HDB through the Guarantee Fund HDB 
– EPWCF (Engineers and Public Works Contractors Fund), applicable to SMEs: 80% of the loan is guaranteed 
by HDB, with a total duration of up to five years, and the amount can reach the lesser of the following, 
€200,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover or twice the total annual wage bill. The Program was terminated on 30 June 
2022, as scheduled. 
Co-financing loans for investment plans with the HDB for loan amounts from €25,000 up to €1,500,000, 
applicable to SMEs (TEPIX 2 – BF1). The Program is expected to be terminated as scheduled on 31 October 
2023. 
With the participation of EIF, the Bank offered:  
Loan Guarantee Program –EaSI COVID-19 for very small businesses with the participation of EIF up to 
€50,000. 68.8% of the loan is guaranteed by EIF. The Program was terminated on 30 June 2022, as scheduled. 
Loan Guarantee Programme – Pan-European (EGF) with the participation of EIF. The Programme consists of 
2 different contractual agreements (Sub-Programmes), the Uncapped and the Capped. The first with a budget 
of €1.25 billion and the second with a budget of €350 million. The maximum loan amount for the Uncapped 
sub-programme is up to €5 million (terms and conditions apply) for a duration up to 10 years and for the 
Capped is up to €2.57 million (terms and conditions apply) for a duration up to 5 years. For both 
Subprogrammes 70% is guaranteed by EIF duration. 
Moreover, the Bank will continue offering: 
 
Loan Guarantee Programme – ESIF EAFRD Greece under the rural development programme for loan 
amounts from €10,000 up to €5,000,000: 80% is guaranteed by EIF. The programme is applicable to 
SMEs which implement investments in agricultural holdings and processing, marketing and/or 
development of agricultural products. 
 
Loan Guarantee Programme – ESIF ERDF for loan amounts from €10,000 up to €1,875,000 and loan 
total duration from 12 months to ten years: 80% is guaranteed by EIF. The programme is applicable 
to microenterprises (including natural persons) and SMEs. The loan purpose may cover the following 
categories: 
 
investment in tangible or intangible assets; and/or

--- Page 188 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
188 
 
 
 
working capital; and 
 
transfer of propriety rights in enterprises. 
Furthermore, due to the increased demand for investment loans in the production of energy from photovoltaic 
systems, the Bank proceeded with the repositioning of the photovoltaic power station loans with favourable 
terms. 
In order to further facilitate market expansion and enhance market penetration, with respect to the SB finance, 
the Bank is currently fostering key collaborations with major accounting offices and consulting companies 
through a referral process. The primary goal is to promote synergies through the utilization of their extensive 
network of sales executives and one-stop-shop services, both at major cities but also across the region. A new 
web based B2B platform is planned to go live next year and will cater the opportunity of submitting the 
financing requests immediately, reducing significantly response time till final decision. Preliminary results 
show noteworthy dynamic in disbursements originated from this alternative channel in order to further expand 
by next year.  
The Bank’s domestic disbursement market share across SB loans is constantly increasing, from 20.5% as at 
31 December 2020, to 23.5% as at 31 December 2021 and 24.4% as at 30 September 2022.  
As at 30 June 2022, the domestic SBL gross outstanding portfolio, before any ECL allowance for impairment, 
was €1,443 million, compared to €1,359 million as at 31 December 2021 and €1,516 million as at 
31 December 2020. 
Savings and Investment Products 
Savings and investment products of the Bank are offered in euro and in other currencies. In addition to other 
products, the Bank offers investment products with yields that are higher than its basic deposit products, 
including capital-guaranteed principal products, Greek government bonds and other bonds from the Bank’s 
trading portfolio, repurchase agreements between the Bank and its clients and a wide range of mutual funds 
and unit trust products provided by NBG Asset Management Mutual Funds S.A. (NBG Asset Management), 
which is 100% owned by Group companies. See “Global Investment & Asset Management” below. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
2021 has been an equally, if not an even more challenging year than its predecessor, with the COVID-19 
pandemic still being the primary factor for economic development around the world. Within this environment, 
companies in many sectors are primarily consolidating and/or choosing not to expand. Many major clients 
have turned to alternative means of funding (e.g. minibonds) due to highly competitive pricing. 
The main objective of the Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB) business is to provide its clients with tailor 
made solutions, acting as their main partner bank to facilitate their growth plans, fully meet their needs in 
respect of credit and non-credit products and services, while generating value for both sides of the banking 
partnership, thereby ensuring sustainable revenues and profitability of the Bank.  
The Bank offers corporate clients a wide range of products and services, including financial and investment 
advisory services, deposit accounts, loans denominated in euro and other currencies, foreign exchange 
services, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, insurance products, custody arrangements and trade 
finance services.

--- Page 189 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
189 
 
 
The Bank extends financing to all sectors of the economy. As at 31 December 2021, domestic commercial 
lending amounted to €19,043 million and represented 62.5% of the total domestic loan portfolio of the Group, 
compared to €15,544 million as at 31 December 2020, representing 55.3% of the total domestic loan portfolio 
of the Group. As at 30 June 2022, domestic commercial lending amounted to €23,077 million and represented 
67.3% of the total domestic loan portfolio of the Group. 
The Bank lends primarily in the form of short-term credit lines and medium/long-term loans. Apart from 
financing, the Bank provides standby letters of credit and financial guarantees for its customers, which 
amounted to €4,212 million as at 30 June 2022 compared to €3,224 million as at 31 December 2021 and €3,302 
million as at 31 December 2020. 
Corporate banking  
Corporate banking includes the following divisions: 
Large Corporate: The Large Corporate portfolio is being handled by two separate divisions with distinctly 
separate structure and clientele. One division deals with large groups and companies from €200 million annual 
turnover and above (on a consolidated basis). The other division focuses in mid-capitalisation companies (with 
€50 million to €200 million annual turnover) and other specialised categories (such as intragroups, Greek state 
related entities, etc.). 
Structured Financing: The Structured Financing business has been established as a core growth arm of the 
CIB. Structured Financing focuses on origination, arrangement and execution of wholesale, primarily “event-
driven” financings across four pillars:  
- Energy Project Finance 
- Real Estate Finance 
- Concessions, Infrastructure & Advisory 
- Leveraged Acquisition Finance 
Transactions are mostly executed on a non-recourse basis, either in bilateral or syndicated format, mobilising 
the team’s in-house placement capabilities. Beyond customary support of local sponsors, Structured Financing 
is particularly focused on facilitating foreign direct investment (FDI) of diverse investors in Greece across the 
aforementioned financial sectors.  
Through a dedicated team of 20 professionals with international structuring, financing and advisory 
background, Structured Financing represents constantly a major budget carrier within CIB both from a net 
credit growth and a profitability perspective. In 2021, Structured Financing marked a net credit growth of 
approximately 15% year-on-year, supported by both FDI growth and increased domestic sponsors’ financing 
activity. Importantly, 2021 has been particularly successful in new project origination that is anticipated to 
convert into actual credit growth over a prospective 3-years horizon.  
Medium-Sized Businesses (SME): This part of CIB’s portfolio (including businesses with annual turnover 
between €2.5 million and €50 million, or Small Business with total exposure to the Bank exceeding €1 million, 
or initially originated from the SME Division) was broadly affected by the ongoing pandemic and is in need

--- Page 190 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
190 
 
 
of proper support. The timely and targeted actions of the Division are expected to assist our customers in 
weathering this new financial challenge and keep our focus on tapping into the potential of the Greek economy.  
In this deteriorated financial environment, the Bank’s long-term strategy to ensure a steady flow of liquidity 
to businesses that continue to invest in competitiveness and innovation, while promoting an outward-looking 
approach, is considered paramount in the Business Plan’s agenda. At the same time, the Bank participated in 
several favourable business financing programmes in cooperation with European organisations, such as the 
EIB and the EIF. 
Shipping Finance: Greece is one of the world’s largest ship owning nations with a long standing tradition in 
Shipping. Shipping has been one of the most important sectors of the Greek economy with the Bank being one 
of the key participants in Greek Shipping Finance, the activities of which are carried out through its dedicated 
Piraeus-based shipping unit.  
The Bank has traditionally provided long-term financing for the last 60 years, mainly to shipping companies 
trading in the dry bulk and wet sectors, while gradually expanding to more specialized markets with a 
consistent view to minimising risk and enhancing the portfolio’s profitability.  
During the year, with a focus on asset quality and profitability, the Bank has continued to expand its customer 
base by attracting new Greek shipping names. In addition, the Bank further leveraged the potential of its 
existing, high-quality clientele, expanding already successful partnerships.  
Changes in the regulatory framework regarding the operation of vessels and environmental protection are still 
under way and are expected to impact the shipping markets over time. The Bank monitors the environmental 
aspects closely as well as the technological developments regarding the gradual replacement of fossil fuels by 
more environmental-friendly ones for ship propulsion. 
Investment Banking 
NBG’s Investment Banking Division provides advisory services to a wide range of corporate clients, 
institutions, public authorities, shareholders and PE firms across several industries, relating to mergers and 
acquisitions, privatisation projects, as well as valuations, financial restructurings, capital structure analysis etc. 
Additionally, it provides advisory and underwriting services in Greek Capital Market transactions (ECM & 
DCM). Throughout 2022, NBG Investment Banking Division continued to provide advisory and underwriting 
services to a number of corporate clients in relation to ECM and DCM transactions as well as M&A advisory 
services to numerous clients. 
NPE and NPL management  
The Bank has established two dedicated and independent internal units, one responsible for the management 
of the Bank’s retail loans (the Retail Collection Unit (RCU)) and the other for the Bank’s corporate delinquent 
exposures (the Special Assets Unit (SAU)). The two units have the end-to-end responsibility for their 
respective troubled asset exposures. Regarding corporate governance, the units report to the General Manager 
– Head of Troubled Assets Group, as well as to a dedicated Arrears and Non-Performing Loans (NPL) 
Management Committee, which in turn reports to the Board Risk Committee of the Group. Furthermore, there 
are tangible Group initiatives regarding the management of real estate, related to workout actions (auctions, 
foreclosures and repossessions) with strong involvement of the Group’s Real Estate Management experts and 
the monitoring by the Senior Executive Committee. Moreover, Segment Risk and Control Officer was 
appointed with the aim to further strengthen the Bank’s effort to effectively manage operational risks, the

--- Page 191 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
191 
 
 
design of adequate and efficient controls and their operating effectiveness, as well as to ensure adherence to 
the Bank’s various internal and external regulatory obligations. 
The Bank is continuously enhancing its NPL and NPE management strategies whilst augmenting its 
operational capabilities towards accomplishing the Bank’s objective of reducing its NPL and NPE stock. 
Retail Collections 
The RC was established in 2010 as the independent unit of the Bank responsible for the management of past 
due and troubled retail loans. It is a centralised function with an end-to-end responsibility for the management 
of past due loans, from the first day of delinquency all the way to the eventual write-off. As at 30 June 2022 
and 31 December 2021, the retail NPE loan portfolio under RC management amounted to €0.7 and €0.8 billion 
respectively. Frontier 2 portfolio (HFS) under RC management is c. €0.7 billion. As at 31 December 2020 the 
relevant figures under management were €7.0 billion (including Frontier 1 & 2).  
RC’s strategy for managing delinquent retail clients is performed through a combination of channels, such as 
the Internal Collections Centre (ICC), dedicated personnel in the Bank’s branch network, external debt 
collection agencies and external law firms. The RC determines the strategy (i.e. collection, restructuring or 
legal) for each borrower in accordance with a framework that utilises available loan and borrower data. It 
makes extensive use of information technology, call strategy and monitoring tools in the ICC to perform 
rigorous collections in the early stages of delinquency, while outsourcing certain cases to external agencies 
which are given incentive-based remuneration. For restructuring, the RC utilises the ICC, the branch network 
and legal offices to communicate with borrowers. Factors, such as the income and living expenses of the 
borrower, the presence and amount of collateral and the days past due of the loan are utilised with the support 
of tools (such as the “Algorithm”) to provide borrowers with viable modification solutions. The products 
employed by the RC in respect of restructurings include features such as the request for additional collateral 
coverage, maturity extension, interest rate reduction, monthly payment reduction for up to six years, or partial 
debt forgiveness (split balance) that provides incentives to remain current (with provisional forgiveness at 
maturity). After mid-stage delinquency, legal action can be initiated in parallel, utilising legal offices (internal 
and external). The Bank’s actions can escalate from denouncement up to collateral foreclosure and auction in 
order to achieve debt recovery. 
Special Assets Unit 
The Bank has established the SAU, in order to effectively manage troubled and past due corporate loans and 
have full responsibility for managing such loans. Since the first quarter of 2015, the SAU has been reported as 
a separate segment and maintains a management structure independent of other Group businesses. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Corporate NPE loan portfolio under SAU management amounted to €1 billion 
compared to € 1.1 billion as at 31 December 2021, and € 1.9 billion as at 31 December 2020. The SAU proposes 
customised loan modification and debt restructuring solutions to enterprises that are facing difficulties meeting 
their obligations and have operational and financial weaknesses. 
There is a clear prioritisation strategy per portfolio managed, based on aging, size, collateralisation levels and 
status of legal actions. The SAU assesses the creditworthiness of the borrower using analytical tools and 
metrics, taking into consideration a number of factors, including but not limited to: cooperativeness of the 
borrower, the size of exposure, the borrower’s viability and debt repayment capacity, collateral levels, market 
and competitive conditions and the industry in which it operates. Based on the results of its assessment, the 
SAU proposes customised loan modification and restructuring solutions for the borrowers’ loans, also taking

--- Page 192 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
192 
 
 
into consideration the results of a “net present value” tool. A number of restructuring products and debt 
settlement solutions for small customers respectively are also in place. 
As at 30 June 2022, forborne exposures (forborne non-performing exposures and forborne performing 
exposures) amounting to €0.5 billion were under SAU management (31 December 2021: €0.5 billion and 
31 December 2020: €0.9 billion). 
NPE reduction plan 
From December 2015 to June 2022 -, the Group achieved a decrease of €22.2 billion of the NPE stock through 
a combination of organic and inorganic actions, with Group NPE stock as of 30 June 2022 at €2.1 billion 
(Bank: €1.9 billion). Similarly, the NPE ratio dropped from 46.8% to 6.3% post to the Project “Frontier” 
derecognition and the Project “Frontier II” classification as Held for Sale. More specifically, NPE reduction 
continued in 1H.22, with the stock of domestic NPEs reduced further by €0.2 billion to €1.9 billion, reflecting 
mainly inorganic actions (see below “Disposal of NPE portfolios”). 
Payment performance of clients that received support during the 2020-2021 period, either in the form of 
payments moratorium and/or in the form of subsequent support measures (State subsidy programme “Gefyra 
I/II” or solutions granted by the Bank), is so far better than expected; defaults in 1H22 are contained at 1.9% 
of the December 2021 exposure, while the share of exposures being in early arrears (>30 days past due “dpd”) 
remains low (c. 1%).  
Domestic NPE ratio dropped by c. 78 bps to 6.1% in 1H.22, with NPE coverage at 80.8% from 77.5% in 
4Q.21. 
International NPE ratio and coverage in 1H.22 settled at 10.0% and 74.8%, respectively. 
Furthermore, as per the regular ECB calendar, the revised NPE targets for the 2022-2024 period were 
submitted to the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) on 31 March 2022. The core objective of the revised 
3-year plan is to support a continuous and sharp NPE ratio improvement and converge to EU average (<3%) 
by 2024. 
Furthermore, on 31 March 2022, as per the regular ECB calendar, NPE Strategy annual targets for the period 
2022-24 were submitted to the SSM, based on which the NPE ratio is expected to be reduced to approximately 
3% by 2024. More specifically, the NPE reduction targets for 2024 are as follows: 
 
2,1 billion
1,2
-0,3
-0,6
1H2022
Inoganic
Organic
2024

--- Page 193 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
193 
 
 
Inorganic: Sales, Securitizations, Accounting Write-Offs 
Organic: NPE Flows, Debt forgiveness (restructurings), Liquidations, Net Recoveries 
Disposal of NPE portfolios 
As part of the implementation of the Bank’s Transformation Programme, the Bank has entered into definitive 
agreements for the disposal of the following non-performing portfolios: 
 
On 16 October 2020, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definite agreement with Bain 
Capital for the disposal of its 100% stake in a Cypriot Credit Acquiring Company, CAC Coral Ltd 
(Project Marina), which contains a portfolio of non-performing corporate, SME and consumer and 
mortgage loans with a total Gross Book Value of approximately €325 million (€200 million of 
allocated collateral value). The portfolio consists predominantly of legacy non-performing loans. The 
transaction is being implemented in the context of NBG's NPE deleveraging strategy and in 
accordance with the Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. The closing of the transaction took 
place on 15 July 2022, following the reception of the required approvals by the competent regulatory 
authorities (see above “Other divestments - Planned divestment of CAC Coral Ltd”). 
 
On 12 February 2021, NBG announced that it had completed the disposal of a non-performing, 
predominantly secured, corporate loan portfolio (Project Icon) with total principal amount as at 
30 June 2019 of €1.6 billion (€0.6 billion of allocated collateral value) to Bain Capital. The transaction 
was implemented in the context of NBG’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the 
Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. 
 
On 20 May 2021, following the relevant announcement on 22 December 2020, the Bank completed 
the disposal of a Romanian-risk corporate NPE portfolio (Project Danube) with a total GBV of €174 
million (€102 million of allocated collateral value) to Bain Capital. The transaction was being 
implemented in the context of NBG’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the 
Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. 
 
In December 2021, the Bank decided the disposal of the non-performing leasing exposures including: 
the sale of Probank Leasing S.A. shares, the sale of the Bank’s leasing portfolio (ex-FBB) and the sale 
of NBG Leasing S.A. lease portfolio (Project “Pronto”). The gross book value of the Bank’s and NBG 
Leasing’s leasing portfolios, at the same date, amounted to €52 million as of the 30 September 2022. 
The transaction is estimated to be completed within the first semester of 2023, subject to required 
approvals. 
NPE securitisation 
Project “Frontier” 
On 17 December 2021, the Bank completed the Frontier transaction, which involves the securitization of a 
portfolio of NPE with a total gross book value of c. €6 billion as of 30 June 2020, following fulfillment of all 
conditions’ precedent, including receipt of all necessary approvals. The portfolio consisted of secured Large 
Corporate, Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), Small Business Lending (SBL), Mortgages and Consumer 
Loans.

--- Page 194 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
194 
 
 
NBG retained 100.0% of the Senior Notes, which are guaranteed from the State under the Hellenic Asset 
Protection Scheme (HAPS – see below), selling 95.0% of the Mezzanine and Junior Notes to the consortium 
consisting of affiliates of Bain Capital Credit (Bain Capital), Fortress Investment Group and doValue Greece. 
The Bank has also serviced the portfolio on behalf of the noteholders for the period between 17 December 
2021 and 4 February 2022, when the migration of the portfolio to the long-term servicer (doValue Greece) 
took place.  
Project “Frontier” represents a landmark transaction for the Bank. Specifically, the transaction (i) received two 
credit ratings, (ii) was not associated with a hive-down and (iii) is serviced by a servicer not arising from a 
carve out from the bank itself.  
Project “Frontier II” 
In the context of deleveraging its NPEs through inorganic actions and according to its NPE Divestment Policy, 
the Bank decided the disposal of a portfolio of Greek Non-Performing Exposures in the form of a rated 
securitization that will utilize the provisions of HAPS, known as Hercules II. The portfolio includes secured 
Large Corporate, Small and Medium Enterprises, Small Business Lending, Residential Mortgage loans and 
Consumer loans with a total gross book value of c. €1 billion (as of the cut-off date 31 December 2021).  
On 29 July 2022, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with funds managed by 
Bracebridge Capital LLC for the sale of 95% of the Mezzanine and Junior notes. NBG will retain the 100% of 
the Senior notes and 5% of the Mezzanine and Junior notes. 
The transaction is estimated to be completed by end of 2022, subject to required approvals. 
Project “Solar” 
In December 2021, the Bank decided to launch the divestment of the secured portfolio of SMEs (Project 
“Solar”) with a gross book value c. €170 million as of 31 December 2021, through a joint securitization 
process under the HAPS (see below) In August 2022, the Bank together with the other Greek financial 
institutions submitted to the Greek Ministry of Finance a joint application for inclusion of the senior notes to 
be issued in the context of the Solar Securitization in the HAPS scheme.The transaction is expected to be 
completed within the first quarter of 2023, subject to required approvals. 
Hellenic Republic Asset Protection Scheme 
In December 2019, the Greek parliament voted for the creation of Hellenic Asset Protection Scheme (HAPS) 
(Greek Law 4649/2019) also known as the “Hercules Scheme”. The Hercules Scheme will support banks on 
deleveraging NPEs through securitisation, with the aim of obtaining greater market stability. The participation 
in the Hercules Scheme is voluntary and open to all Greek banks and it does not constitute state aid as 
guarantees are priced on market terms. 
Under the Hercules Scheme, the Hellenic Republic will provide guarantees up to €12.0 billion on the senior 
bonds of securitisations of NPEs. The Hercules Scheme will become effective only when the originator has 
sold at least 50% plus one of junior tranches (and mezzanine if any) and the notes are of such amount that 
allows the derecognition and the Significant Risk Transfer (SRT) of the securitised receivables.

--- Page 195 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
195 
 
 
Moreover, in July 2021, following the approval from the DG Competition on 9 April 2021 and based on the 
Greek Law 4818/2021, the "Hercules" Scheme (named also as Hercules II) was extended by 18 months with 
no material changes in terms (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece - Asset protection scheme 
for banks in Greece”).  
Global Investment & Asset Management 
Treasury 
The Bank carries out its own treasury activities within the prescribed position and counterparty limits. These 
activities include: 
 
Greek and other sovereign securities trading; 
 
foreign exchange trading; 
 
interbank lending and borrowing in euro and other currency placements and deposits; 
 
repurchase agreements; 
 
corporate bonds; and 
 
derivative products, such as forward rate agreement trading, options and interest rate and currency 
swaps. 
The Treasury is active across a broad spectrum of capital market products and operations, including bonds and 
securities, interbank placements in the international money and foreign exchange markets and market-traded 
and over-the-counter financial derivatives. It supplies the branch network with value-added deposit products, 
and its client base includes institutions, large corporations, insurance funds and large private-sector investors. 
In general, the Bank enters into derivatives transactions for economic hedging purposes or in response to 
specific customer requirements. 
The Bank is active in the primary and secondary trading of Greek government securities, as well as in the 
international Eurobond market, especially EGBs, EFSF and ESM issues. The Bank is a founding member of 
the Group of Greek Government Securities Primary Dealers which was established by the Bank of Greece in 
early 1998 and of the Group of EFSF-ESM Securities Primary Dealers which was established in 2010. In 
addition, it is a member of the EU Primary Dealer’s Network which was established in 2021. 
Global Transaction Services  
Global Transaction Services Division (GTS) of the Bank serves the transactional product needs of Large 
Corporates, Small & Medium Size enterprises, financial institutions, as well as individual/retail clients. 
Products & Services offered include Payments and Collections, Letters of Guarantee, Letters of Credit, standby 
letter of credit, as well as financing solutions of cross border Trade.  
In 2021, GTS made available to the market credit instruments of an aggregate amount of €1.7 billion and 
offered liquidity of €457 million via structured Trade finance instruments.

--- Page 196 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
196 
 
 
The Bank is the market leader in both Payments & Collections (based on SWIFT traffic), as well as domestic 
payments.  
In the context of the Bank’s strategic Transformation Project that aims at improving the operational efficiencies 
and developing the expertise of GTS, we constantly invest in new technologies, with related projects being in 
full progress, offering clients integrated flows and instant messaging options. In Trade Finance, approximately 
40% of GTS clients makes use of the functionalities offered by the i-bank Trade Finance platform. We have 
concluded both the integration and commercialization of the Letters of Guarantee module into the new i-bank 
Trade Finance platform, as well as the centralization of the SB clients’ Letter of Guarantee book. In parallel, 
we have kicked off the project of OCR/ICR implementation, to further automate Trade Finance transactions’ 
processing and address compliance challenges, with Funds Transfers & Collections transactions being the first 
product suite to go live within November 2022.  
Finally, GTS adopted the usage of digital signatures for the signing of Letter of Guarantee Application forms 
and contracts, aiming at further improving the clients’ experience and expediting the issuance & execution 
processes. The roll out of the digital signatures to the remaining Trade product portfolio is in progress. 
At the same time, we design specialized and customized solutions, supporting our Greek clients in the 
realization of their business plans, offering access to markets of interest, at the optimal cost structures. Our 
trade desk in Cyprus is staffed by subject matter experts, offering advisory services and market intelligence. 
In parallel, the EIB & EBRD Trade Facilitation programs that NBG actively participates as Issuing Bank 
provide an extra Trade corridor for our clients.  
As a result of all aforementioned initiatives, NBG’s Trade Finance continues to be highly recognized by clients 
and industry expects in the international landscape, winning Global Finance “Best Trade Finance Bank” award 
for the 9th year in a row.  
In Payments, GTS has upgraded its Payments platform and was the first Bank in Greece to implement the 
European Instant Payments. In addition, GTS has launched Mass payments import files functionality, offering 
a Host to Host streamlined payments processing across corporate banking clientele. GTS also upgraded the 
post payment services in e-banking, improving customers’ experience for payments cancellation queries and 
investigations.  
Another pillar of the GTS Division is Correspondent Banking. The Bank maintains one of the largest domestic 
branch and international correspondent networks, offering a full range of transaction banking services, 
something that distinguishes us as the “Bank of first choice” and trusted partner for most of the world’s leading 
Financial Institutions. Consistently, we meet the highest requirements for quality, timely and efficient 
transaction banking services supported by our dedicated, on-the-ground, Customer Service Team (Greek and 
English speakers). 
Concluding, during the post-Covid period, GTS managed to respond in the best possible way to the Bank’s 
client requests, offering top quality services and subject matter expertise in Payments and Trade Finance 
solutions. Our goal remains to support in an efficient and consistent way our clients’ business and expansion 
plans in the international competitive landscape, offering specialized quality service, flexible solutions and 
quick response times.  
Leveraging on NBG’s competitive advantages, GTS further develops the close cooperation and coordination 
with the Bank’s business and functional units, targeting “new to Trade” clients, further penetration to the

--- Page 197 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
197 
 
 
existing client base and design/implementation of innovative solutions that will contribute to the improvement 
of profitability and operational cost measures. 
Custodian Services 
The Bank offers custody services to domestic and foreign institutional clients, as well as to its retail customer 
base, covering the Greek and major international markets. For the coverage of international markets the Bank 
cooperates with top global custody providers and International Securities Depositaries, while in countries of 
SEE where the Bank maintains presence, regional subsidiaries act as sub-custodians in the region. 
Asset Management 
The Group’s domestic fund management business is operated by NBG Asset Management, which is wholly 
owned by the Group and was the first mutual fund management company to be established in Greece. Set up 
in 1972, NBG Asset Management manages private and institutional client funds, made available to customers 
through the Bank’s extensive branch network. The company's objective is to achieve competitive returns in 
relation to domestic and international competition. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total assets under management in mutual funds and discretionary asset 
management amounted to €1.7 billion, with NBG Asset Management maintaining a market share in mutual 
funds in Greece of 8.1% (Source: Hellenic Fund and Asset Management Association – report of 
31 December 2021). The number of clients serviced by NBG Asset Management are in excess of 39,000, 
including 66 institutional investors. 
 
€ million 
2020 
2021 
Mutual funds under management 
826 
904 
Discretionary funds under management 
726 
795 
Total funds under management 
1,552 
1,699 
Market share 
10.2% 
8.1% 
The 21 mutual funds of NBG Asset Management, among them four in Luxembourg, cover a wide range of 
investment categories (Equity, Bond, Balanced and Fund of Funds) in Greece and international markets. Such 
a wide spectrum of investment products gives great flexibility to investors who wish to build their personal 
investment plan according to their investment profile and objectives through mutual fund portfolios with a 
high degree of diversification. 
In addition to mutual fund management, NBG Asset Management offers the following services for institutional 
and private investors: 
- 
Discretionary Portfolio Management Investment Services. 
- 
Advisory Services. 
It also offers a range of financial products and services that cover the needs of: 
- 
Social Security/Pension Funds. 
- 
Insurance companies.

--- Page 198 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
198 
 
 
- 
Corporates. 
Brokerage 
National Securities S.A. (NBG Securities) was established in 1988 and constitutes the brokerage arm of NBG 
Group. Offering a wide spectrum of integrated and innovative investment services to both individual and 
institutional customers, NBG Securities aims at providing investment services tailored to their needs. 
In 2021, given the continuing concern caused by the successive waves of the health crisis escalation, NBG 
Securities remained focused on the protection and safety of both its employees and customers. In this context, 
the company continued to operate throughout the year under extended remote management of its day to day 
operations. 
At the same time, NBG Securities continued to explore synergies with NBG and achieving economies of scale.  
In this direction, in June 2021, the company relocated its Headquarters to the Athinon Ave. Group building. 
In 2021, NBG Securities increased its market share on the Athens Stock Exchange to 10.0% vs. 9.3% in the 
previous year. 
Group Real Estate  
NBG Group Real Estate is responsible for the comprehensive management of the Group’s total real estate 
portfolio and for the provision of valuation and technical services on a fully integrated basis.  The real estate 
portfolio is composed of properties owned or leased by the Group to house its operations (branch network, 
administrative offices and headquarters), the portfolio of repossessed assets (REOs), and special purpose 
vehicles housing large properties. 
Over the last few years, Group Real Estate has undertaken an increasingly more important role in the Bank’s 
strategic objectives, expanding its activities beyond its traditional real estate management activities to include 
asset repossession, maturation and divestment of properties, thereby actively contributing to the Bank’s NPE 
reduction strategy and the overall targets of the Healthy Balance Sheet Workstream of the Bank’s 
Transformation Program.  
For Group Real Estate, 2021-2022 (year to date) were record years in terms of property sales despite pandemic 
related restrictions. REO divestment targets were exceeded, achieving historic record year   performances. 
Group Real Estate sales reached a total value of €64 Million (294 properties) for 2021 and €46 Million (299 
properties) YTD for 2022, with significant profits.  
Key drivers for this success were the adoption of a new strategy for the comprehensive management of all 
promotional channels (electronic channels, brokers, branch network), and the transition from a traditional 
model of physical tenders to a more flexible, integrated model, in order to ensure the efficient exploitation of 
real estate portfolios with a large geographical spread. More specifically, for the promotion of REOs, as well 
as other properties of the Group, an Agents’ registry with nationwide coverage was created, the web portal 
www.realestateonline.gr was significantly upgraded, incorporating a platform for electronic tenders, ensuring 
transparency, greater efficiencies and further enhancing flexibility in real estate transactions.

--- Page 199 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
199 
 
 
Currently, there are approximately 1,760 properties with value of approximately €240 million uploaded on 
this website and it is expected that 1200 additional properties with a value of approximately €130 million will 
be uploaded within 2023.   
In addition to the above, as part of the Transformation process, the remaining properties held in the Bank’s 
legacy portfolio, consisting of c. 360 properties with value c. €110 million, were fully reviewed to establish 
their monetization potential and the majority were transferred to the REO Division for divestment. 
In 2021, the Property Management Division intensified efforts on the Bank’s Real Estate Spending 
Optimization objectives with respect to the Branch Network and HQ’ buildings under the relevant 
Transformation Program, reducing overall costs via lease terminations and subleasing of vacant spaces to third 
parties.  In addition, the Division enlisted the assistance of expert advisors for the resolution of long-standing 
issues stemming from burdened legacy assets owned both by the Bank and NBG Group’s SPVs. In this context, 
the Bank initiated discussions with the relevant authorities (Municipalities and Ministries) and is currently in 
the advanced stages of resolving burdens or expediting the conclusion of expropriations on several legacy 
properties.  In addition, the Bank proceeded with the first sale, after many years, of properties owned by 
EKTENEPOL SA (100% NBG subsidiary), successfully concluding the sale of 10 land parcels in Komotini. 
Finally, the Property Management Division continued extensive efforts to contribute to the Bank’s 
Environmental and Social Corporate Governance objectives and particularly the reduction of the Group’s 
carbon footprint, through the extensive program of energy upgrades of the Bank's buildings with the assistance 
of the Technical Unit.   
Group Real Estate houses all the valuations and related real estate advisory activities of the Group through the 
Central Unit for Technical Assessments (CUTA). The Unit is responsible for conducting all types of 
valuations, technical assessments & investment plan appraisals (e.g. hotels, malls, renewable energy plants, 
industrial plants) for all movable (equipment, machinery, airplanes, intangible assets, goods & commodities) 
& immovable collateral assets. Moreover, it provides multifaceted relevant services and support to all NBG 
Group Business Units (Corporate, Retail, TAU, Leasing, owned real estate assets) and ad hoc appraisal 
services to third parties. The Unit has a total manpower of 54 experts (engineers & economists) and manages 
a c. 400 strong External Valuers network throughout Greece.     
With respect to the Unit’s core service area, 2021 was a record year with c. 97,000 valuations of total Market 
Value of c. 20.5 billion euro and an additional c. 37,000 valuation reviews. In addition, the Unit achieved 
registration as a 'Regulated by RICS' unit in 2021. The latter constitutes a recognized mark for adhering to the 
ethical and professional RICS standards and it conveys a consistent message of confidence and quality to 
relating parties      
The spectrum of offered services has been broadened over the last 2 years, as CUTA significantly expanded 
essential bespoke advisory services (“Lender's Technical Advisor”) with respect to the assessment and 
monitoring of new construction projects financed by the Bank. Furthermore, a centralized internal information 
and communications management hub has been established, in order for the Unit to efficiently address the 
significant volume of various requests from the Group’s Business Units. 
Overall, due to its unique expertise, CUTA crucially contributes to a significant number of regulatory projects 
and Bank initiatives.  
The Technical Unit offers a wide spectrum of technical services to the NBG Group, starting from its traditional 
services of facility management of Bank buildings, focusing primarily on maintenance and refurbishment of

--- Page 200 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
200 
 
 
Group infrastructure and facilities, to the undertaking of specialized studies and projects, provision of 
certifications, surveys, property controls, and fire safety.  In this context, the Unit ensures the Group’s 
compliance with all rules and regulations of a technical nature pertaining to buildings. 
The Unit’s key activities in 2021 fell into two broad categories: property refurbishments (primarily Branches) 
and ESG related upgrades, with the successful implementation of numerous projects in fulfillment of the 
Group’s domestic and international needs.  The most significant project initiatives were: the Renovation of 
Branches, the Restructuring of the Branch Network, the provision of technical advice to the Group’s warehouse 
company (PAEGAE) with respect to its new investment program and the technical support of the relocation 
project of Stopanska Banka’s Headquarter Building. 
Finally, the most notable ESG implementation projects included the collaboration with the Strategic Energy 
Consultant for the Bank’s Environmental Strategy with respect to its buildings, in the context of which 
sophisticated Energy monitoring systems were installed in buildings with high consumption levels whilst the 
property energy upgrade program was continued, ie lighting, heating and cooling systems were upgraded and 
water consumption reduction systems were installed, amongst other actions, in several buildings. The 
continuation and successful completion of the energy upgrading of all of the Bank’s buildings is a key target 
in the upcoming years, in which all Group Real Estate units are involved.  
Leasing 
The Bank began its leasing activities in 1990 through its subsidiary, Ethniki Leasing S.A. Ethniki Leasing S.A. 
leases land and buildings, machinery, energy parks, transport equipment, furniture and appliances, computers 
and communications equipment.  
Furthermore, in 2021 and for a third consecutive year, Ethniki Leasing S.A. remains the champion of the new 
businesses implementation amounting to €202 million, despite the COVID-19 crisis. 
More specifically, new business carried out in 2021 by all Greek leasing companies amounted to €642 million 
in total (source: Association of Greek Leasing Companies, 2021 statistical data), of which 31.5% was carried 
out by Ethniki Leasing S.A. 
Factoring 
The Bank has been active in the provision of factoring services since 1994. In May 2009, Ethniki Factors S.A. 
was established as a wholly owned factoring subsidiary of the Bank, as part of its strategic decision to expand 
its factoring operations in Greece. Ethniki Factors S.A. offers a comprehensive range of factoring services to 
provide customers with integrated financial solutions and high quality services tailored to their needs. 
Banking Activities outside of Greece 
As at 30 June 2022, the Bank’s international network comprised 67 branches (including foreign subsidiaries 
and Bank branch in Cyprus), which offer traditional banking services and financial products and services. The 
Bank has two commercial banking subsidiaries in North Macedonia and Cyprus. The Bank’s banking 
subsidiary in Malta, the Bank branches in Egypt and London are currently under liquidation.  
The Bank’s international operations contributed €36 million or 6.0% of net interest income of the Group from 
continuing operations and accounted for €2.6 billion or 3.2% of the Group’s total assets excluding non-current

--- Page 201 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
201 
 
 
assets held for sale as at and for the period ended 30 June 2022. Total loans and advances to customers were 
€1.6 billion at 30 June 2022, whereas due to customer deposits amounted to €1.7 billion as at 30 June 2022. 
Non-Current Assets and Disposal Groups classified as held for sale and discontinued operations  
Non-current assets held for sale at 30 June 2022 comprise of CAC Coral Ltd and Probank Leasing S.A. (part 
of Project “Pronto”, see above) while at 31 December 2021 comprised of NIC, CAC Coral Ltd and Probank 
Leasing S.A. Non-current assets held for sale as of 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021 also include loan 
portfolio contemplated disposals mainly relating to Projects “Frontier II”, Project “Solar” and Project “Pronto”, 
see above. Profit / (loss) from discontinued operations for the period ended 30 September 2022 and 2021, 
comprises of NIC and CAC Coral Ltd. 
Issuance of debt securities 
On 8 October 2020, the Bank completed the issuance of €500 million Green Fixed Rate Resettable 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes with an annual coupon of 2.75% and a yield of 2.875%. The notes have a six-
year maturity with first reset date on completion of five years. With this transaction, the Bank demonstrated 
its commitment to supporting the green economy and its strategic direction as the Bank for green energy. 
Recent Events  
On 15 November 2022, the National Bank of Greece completed the placement of €500 million senior preferred 
bonds in the international capital markets with a coupon of 7.25% and a yield of 7.50%. The bonds mature in 
five years and are callable in four years.  
In addition, on 18 November 2022, the Bank has completed a private placement of €150 million senior 
preferred bonds with a coupon and yield of 6%. The bonds mature in 2.5 years and are callable in 1.5 years. 
On 25 November 2022, the Bank completed the placement of GBP 200 million senior preferred bonds in the 
international capital markets with a coupon and yield of 8.75%. The bonds mature in 4.5 years and are callable 
in 3.5 years.  
On 16 November 2022, the Bank announced the conclusion of a strategic cooperation agreement and the 
acquisition of a minority interest of 7.5% in Epsilon Net S.A., as well as the possibility of acquiring a further 
7.5% three years after the completion of the initial transaction. The respective transaction was performed in 
the context of the Bank’s strategy to expand its operations through partnerships in the fintech space. 
On 9 December 2022, the Bank announced the completion of the sale of 51% of the share capital of NBG Pay 
S.A. to EVO Payments, Inc. (see above “Other divestments - Strategic Partnership of NBG with EVO Payments 
Inc.”).  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Legal proceedings 
The Group is a defendant in certain claims and legal actions and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of 
business. These actions and proceedings are generally based on alleged violations of consumer protection, 
banking, employment and other laws. None of these actions and proceedings is individually material. The 
Group and the Bank establish provisions for all litigations, for which they believe it is probable that a loss will 
be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions may change from time

--- Page 202 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
202 
 
 
to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. For the cases for which a provision has not been 
recognized, Management is not able to reasonably estimate possible losses since the proceedings may last for 
many years, many of the proceedings are in early stages, there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of the final 
result, there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals and there are significant issues to be resolved. 
However, in the opinion of the Management, after consultation with legal counsel, the final outcome of these 
matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Group’s Statement of Financial Position, 
Income Statement and Cash Flow Statement, taking into account that as at 30 June 2022, the Group has 
provided for cases under litigation in the amount of €32 million (31 December 2021: €65 million). 
Capital Requirements 
In June 2013, the European Parliament and the Council of Europe issued Directive 2013/36/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 (known as Capital Requirements Directive IV (CRD IV) and Capital Requirements 
Regulation (CRR) respectively), which incorporate the key amendments that have been proposed by the Basel 
Committee for Banking Supervision (known as Basel III). Directive 2013/36/EU has been transported into 
Greek Law by virtue of Greek Law 4261/2014 and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 has been directly applicable 
to all EU Member States since 1 January 2014 and certain changes under CRD IV were implemented gradually. 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as amended by Regulation (EU) No 876/2019 (CRR2) defines the minimum 
capital requirements (Pillar 1 requirements) and Directive 2013/36/EU as amended by Directive 2019/878/EU 
(CRD V) defines the combined buffer requirements for EU institutions. In addition, Directive 2013/36/EU 
provides (Art. 97 et seq.) that Competent Authorities regularly carry out the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation process (SREP), to assess and measure risks not covered, or not fully covered, under Pillar 1 and 
determine additional capital and liquidity requirements (Pillar 2 requirements). SREP is conducted under the 
lead of the ECB. The SREP decision is tailored to each bank’s individual profile. 
The table below sets out the capital requirements for the Group for 2022 and 2021: 
 
  
CET1 Capital Requirements 
Overall Capital Requirements 
  
2022 post 
capital 
relief 
measures 
2021 post 
capital 
relief 
measures 
2022 
2021 
2022 post 
capital 
relief 
measures 
2021 post 
capital 
relief 
measures 
2022 
2021 
Pillar 1 
4.50% 
4.50% 
4.50% 
4.50% 
8.00% 
8.00% 
8.00% 
8.00% 
Pillar 2 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
Capital 
Conservation 
Buffer 
- 
- 
2.50% 
2.50% 
- 
- 
2.50% 
2.50% 
O-SII Buffer 
0.75% 
0.50% 
0.75% 
0.50% 
0.75% 
0.50% 
0.75% 
0.50% 
Total 
6.94% 
6.69% 
9.44% 
9.19% 
11.75% 
11.50% 
14.25% 
14.00% 
The capital adequacy ratios for the Group are presented in the table below: 
 
 
Group 
 
30.09.2022 
30.09.2022 
(Pro forma1) 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2021 
(Pro forma1) 
Common Equity Tier 1 
15.6% 
16.2% 
14.1% 
16.9% 
Tier 1 
15.6% 
16.2% 
14.1% 
16.9% 
Total  
16.7% 
17.3% 
14.7% 
17.5% 
(1) Pro forma figures have been calculated including profit for the period.

--- Page 203 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
203 
 
 
The capital adequacy ratios for the Group and the Bank as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021 are set out 
in Note 17 to the June 2022 Interim Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus). See also “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme – The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main 
part of deferred tax assets (DTAs) as regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on 
its operating results and financial condition”. 
Internal Control System and Risk Management 
Objectives of the Internal Control System 
Aiming to safeguard the reputation and credibility of the Bank and the Group towards its shareholders, 
customers, investors and the supervisory and other independent authorities, the Board of Directors provides 
for the continuous enhancement, at Group level, of its Internal Control System (ICS).  
The ICS is designed to ensure effective and efficient operations, adequate identification, measurement and 
mitigation of risks through adequately and efficiently designed and implemented controls, prudent conduct of 
business, sound administrative and accounting procedures, reliability of financial and non-financial 
information reported or disclosed (both internally and externally) and compliance with laws, regulations, 
supervisory requirements and the NBG Group Internal Policies, Procedures and Regulations. 
“Internal control” is a process effected by the Board of Directors, Senior Management, Risk Management and 
other Control Functions, as well as by the staff within the organisation to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the achievement of objectives relating to operations, reporting and compliance. The Bank uses as a 
reference the COSO 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework and the ICS is based on the five main, per 
COSO components of internal control: Control Environment, Risk Assessment, Control Activities, 
Information and Communication as well as Monitoring Activities. The internal control process aims to 
create the necessary fundamentals for the entire Group to contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of 
internal control through, for instance, clear definitions, assignments of roles and responsibilities and 
methodologies, tools and procedures.  
The ICS aims to achieve, among others, the following key objectives: 
 
Consistent implementation of the Group’s business strategy through the efficient use of available 
resources; 
 
Pursuit of a risk-based decision making; 
 
Identification of the Group’s process universe; 
 
Identification and management of all undertaken risks, including operational risks; 
 
Compliance with the local, European and international legal and regulatory frameworks that governs 
the operations of the Bank and the Group, including internal regulations, IT systems and Code of 
Ethics; 
 
Adequate and efficient design of controls as well as their operating effectiveness;

--- Page 204 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
204 
 
 
 
Completeness, accuracy and reliability of data and information that are necessary for the accurate, 
timely preparation and true and fair view of the Bank and the Group’s published financial information 
and financial performance; 
 
Adoption of international corporate governance best practices; and 
 
Prevention and detection and correction of any errors and irregularities that may put at risk the 
reputation and the credibility of the Bank and the Group towards its shareholders, customers, investors 
and the supervisory and other independent authorities. 
In the context of developing the business strategy and identifying the main business risks, the Board of 
Directors, with the support of its Committees, adopts appropriate policies, procedures and regulations aiming 
to ensure an adequate and an effective ICS for the Bank and the Group.  
Management is responsible for: 
 
the effective design and implementation of adequate and efficient controls, as well as their operating 
effectiveness, arising from adequate and efficient procedures, relevant to the range, risks and nature 
of the activities undertaken by the Bank and the Group;  
 
identifying and assessing any ICS’s deficiencies; and  
 
undertaking the necessary corrective actions through the establishment of the appropriate and timely 
action plans.  
Specifically, the ICS and Risk Management related activities are performed on by the First and Second Line 
of Defence. The roles and responsibilities with respect to Risk Management are divided into Three Lines of 
Defence, as follows: 
 
First Line of Defence (1LoD) includes the Business and Support Functions which are responsible for 
identifying, assessing and managing the risks and compliance obligations they undertake by designing 
and implementing adequate and efficient controls as well as by monitoring their operating 
effectiveness on a continuous basis. 
 
Second Line of Defence (2LoD) includes the various Risk and Control Functions that monitor the 
effectiveness of risk management, the compliance obligations and the adequate and efficient design of 
controls as well as their operating effectiveness. 
 
Third Line of Defence (3LoD) includes the Group Internal Audit Divisions (GIADs) which perform 
periodic assessment, in order to evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Bank’s and the Group’s 
governance, risk management and internal control processes, as these are designed by the Board of 
Directors and Management. The Group Chief Audit Executive reports periodically on the GIADs’ 
activities to the Bank’s Board of Directors, through the Audit Committee.

--- Page 205 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
205 
 
 
Roles and responsibilities for the ICS 
 
The Board of Directors and the Senior Management aims at the continuous enhancement of the ICS in order 
to mitigate risks through the establishment of adequate and efficient controls and ensure their operating 
effectiveness. The Internal Control Coordination Committee (ICCC) which comprise of and the Group 
Internal Audit and the various Risk and Control Functions assists in the continuous enhancement of the ICS.  
Internal Control Coordination Committee 
The ICCC whose aim is to foster collaboration among the various Risk and Control Functions has as key 
objectives: 
– 
the enhancement of synergies across the Three Lines of Defence;  
– 
the adoption of a common methodology framework; 
– 
the monitoring and reporting of emerging risks;  
– 
the monitoring and reporting of the effectiveness of the Internal Control System.  
The ICCC is coordinated by the General Manager of Group Internal Audit and its members are the General 
Manager of Group Risk Management (Group Chief Risk Officer), the General Manager of Group Compliance 
and Corporate Governance, the General Manager of Group Legal Services, the General Manager - Group Chief 
Operating Officer, the Assistant General Manager of Operations, the Assistant General Manager - Group Chief 
Information Officer, the Assistant General Manager - Group Chief Control Officer, the Head of Group 
Operational Risk Division, the Head of Group Cyber Security Division and the Head of Regulatory Affairs 
and HFSF Relations Division. 
Board of Directors 
Audit Committee 
Board Risk 
Committee 
Executive 
Committee 
Internal 
Control 
Coordination 
Committee 
Group Internal Audit 
Independent periodic 
evaluation 
Risk & Control Functions 
Overseeing, Monitoring 
and Controlling 
Core 
Business 
All Business Functions including 
Unit Risk and Control Officers 
Identification of risks & 
obligations and 
implementation of 
processes and controls 
Oversight 
Segment Risks & Control Officer

--- Page 206 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
206 
 
 
The ICCC convened five times during 2021 and multiple working groups supported its key initiatives to deal 
with the following matters:  
 
Operationalisation of the newly established roles of the SRCO and URCO.  
 
Development of a Common NBG Group Control Taxonomy. 
 
Design and implementation of the common GRC Platform for the Bank and the Group and 
establishment of the “Common Rules” for its usage. 
 
Development of a charter for the cross-functional team responsible for coordinating the functions’ 
activities with regards to the maintenance and use of the common GRC Platform. 
 
Management of internal audit issues with action plans and responsible officers from multiple business 
areas. 
Segment Risk and Control Officer and Unit Risk and Control Officers 
The Senior Management in its effort to further strengthen the ICS established the role of the SRCO and the 
URCO in January 2020.  
 
The SRCO reports to the respective business line General Manager/Assistant General Manager, is 
independent from the respective Business Units and liaises with 2LoD and 3LoD units with main 
responsibility to coordinate efforts in order to ensure that operational risks are appropriately identified 
and assessed, the internal controls are appropriately designed and operate effectively as well as to 
assist in further enhancing the risk, compliance and control awareness and culture.  
 
The URCOs report to the Head of the Division or Independent Sector to which they belong and 
cooperate on with the responsibilities set out above with the respective SRCO of the respective 
business line.

--- Page 207 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
207 
 
 
 
Common Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Platform 
As part of the Board of Directors and Senior Management’s efforts to further enhance the efficiency and the 
effectiveness in operational risk management, compliance, internal control and internal audit activities, the 
Bank has selected an integrated GRC Platform to be used by the various Risk and Control Functions 
(Operational Risk Management, Internal Control, Compliance, Information Security, Model Validation, 
Regulatory Affairs and HFSF Relations and Internal Audit). Following the common GRC Platform 
implementation, the Bank will be able to further enhance the management of its operational risks, will increase 
Board’s and Management’s oversight and will be able to use a homogenised integrated reporting tool 
contributing to the holistic view of the ICS of the Bank and the Group. The GRC Platform’s implementation 
is planned to be performed in phases due to its complexity and the number of the involved functions. Each 
phase is supported and closely monitored by a Steering Committee combining experts from all the above 
functions. The Steering Committee has established a Project Management Office to ensure the successful 
implementation. Phase 1 was successfully executed in 2020 and the Model Validation Module went 
successfully live in December 2020. Phase 2 is currently close to finalization and includes the design and 
implementation of the Operational Risk Management module. Phase 3 that includes the design and 
implementation of Group Internal Audit Module, has been implemented and Phase 4 that includes the design 
Business Fuctions 
incl. URCO 
Audit 
Committee  
/ Board Risk 
Committee 
Board of 
Directors 
CEO 
ICCC 
2LoD & DLoD 
Fuctions 
GM/ 
AGM 
SRCO

--- Page 208 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
208 
 
 
and implementation of the module that will be commonly used by Group Internal Control Function, Group 
Compliance and Group Information Security is planned to commence in the first quarter of 2023. 
Group Internal Control Function 
The Group ICF is mainly responsible for: 
a) 
Contributing to the establishment and enhancement of a robust control culture and promoting control 
awareness within the Bank and the Group. 
b) 
Developing and regularly reviewing and updating, if required, the NBG Group Methodology for the 
Control Identification & Assessment by the Group Internal Control Function (NBG Group IC 
Methodology) based on what has been mutually agreed by the members of the Internal Control 
Coordination Committee (“ICCC”), “Common Principles of Operational Risk and Control 
Assessment” for the Bank and the Group regarding roles, responsibilities, policies, procedures, flows 
of information and systems required for the appropriate design and the operating effectiveness of 
controls. 
c) 
Ongoing monitoring of the adequate and efficient design of controls their operating effectiveness, as 
well as the monitoring of the progress of the pending action plans for the remediation of control 
deficiencies identified to ensure their timely and appropriate execution. 
d) 
Providing training and support to the Bank’s Units and the Segment Risk and Control 
Officers/Segment Risk and Control Officers Teams/Unit Risk and Control Officers/Unit Risk and 
Control Officers Teams in the application of the approved NBG Group ICF Methodology as well as 
providing specialised knowledge with respect to the controls. 
e) 
Collaborating with the Group Companies and supporting their work, in the application of the NBG 
Group IC Methodology. 
The Group Internal Control Function consists of: 
 
Loans and Branch Network Internal Control Sector; 
 
IT Systems Internal Control Sector; 
 
Business and Back Office Operations Internal Control Sector; and 
 
Quality Assurance and Project Management Subdivision. 
During 2021, the Group Internal Control Function achieved the following:  
 
Successful execution of the Group ICF Annual Activity Plan 2021 which included: 
– 
Documentation of adequate and efficient controls for very high and high priority processes as 
identified by the GM/AGMs and assessment of design effectiveness in close collaboration 
with the SRCOs. 
– 
Developed and launched a campaign on the Group ICF mission.

--- Page 209 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
209 
 
 
– 
Rolled out E-learning regarding the NBG Group IC Methodology. 
 
Roll out of the Internal Controls Awareness and Communication Program in the context of the 
Transformation Program with the overall objective to raise the awareness regarding internal controls 
across the Bank. 
 
Approval of the revised NBG Group IC Methodology. 
 
Approval of the NBG Group Control Taxonomy. 
For 2022 the NBG Group Internal Control Function’s Annual Activity Plan will focus on the following: 
 
Documentation of adequate and efficient controls and assessment of design effectiveness based on the 
NBG Group IC Methodology for Very High Priority Processes, as identified by the GM/AGMs in 
close collaboration with the SRCOs.  
 
Implementation of the shared module in the Common GRC Platform to be commonly used by the 
Group Internal Control Function, Group Compliance and Group Information Security.  
 
Roll out of various training initiatives to further enhance the control awareness. 
Management of risks relating to the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting process 
The Audit Committee, in accordance with the Greek Law 4449/2017, Article 44 para. 3b, is responsible for 
the oversight of the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting and reports any improvements to ensure its 
integrity to the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the Audit Committee monitors the progress of the corrective 
actions undertaken in the context of ICS including ICFR.  
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Bank and Group financial 
statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and for such Internal 
Controls over Financial Reporting (ICFR) as Management determines are necessary to enable the preparation 
of these financial statements to be free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

--- Page 210 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
210 
 
 
 
Roles and responsibilities are clearly defined in NBG Operating Model, where the identification of Financial 
Reporting risks along with the implementation of processes and controls to mitigate these risks lie with the 
Business Functions and Support Functions while the Risk & Control Functions oversee, monitor and control 
the Financial Reporting risks and the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting process. 
Group Internal Audit 
The Group Internal Audit Function is an independent NBG Group wide function, which ensures that business 
operations reflect the Bank’s values and corporate culture and deliver its socially responsible strategy. Serving 
as the third line role, the Group Internal Audit Function provides the Board of Directors and the Audit 
Committee with independent assurance regarding the quality, adequacy and effectiveness of corporate 
governance, risk management and internal control frameworks and processes. The Group Chief Audit 
Executive (CAE) reports, functionally, to the Audit Committee and, administratively, to the CEO of NBG and 
has unrestricted access to both. 
The Group Internal Audit Function, through a risk-based approach and with unrestricted access to all data and 
staff of the organisation, covers all entities and activities of NBG Group. It evaluates the risk exposures relating 
to the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives, the compliance with applicable regulatory framework 
and supervisory requirements, the reliability of financial and operating information, the implementation of 
information systems and projects, the conduct of operational activities, and the safeguarding of assets. Special 
focus and priority are placed on areas of higher risk. Executive management is responsible for ensuring that 
issues raised by the Group Internal Audit Function are addressed within an appropriate and agreed timeframe.  
Group Internal Audit Function and the Internal Audit Units of subsidiaries use: 
 
a common audit methodology, which is in compliance with the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) principles and the International Internal 
Auditing Standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA); 
ICS 
Overseeing, 
Monitoring & 
Controlling 
Identification of 
Financial Reporting 
risks and 
implementation of 
processes and 
controls 
Risk & 
Control 
Functions 
Business 
Functions 
& Support 
Functions 
Group 
Internal 
Audit 
Functions

--- Page 211 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
211 
 
 
 
an information systems audit methodology that is based on the Control Objectives for Information and 
Related Technologies (COBIT) framework of the Information Systems Audit and Control Association 
(ISACA); 
 
a common web-based software platform, which allows for the effective management of the audit 
activities and provides: (i) real time monitoring of the audit function across all subsidiaries; (ii) 
information sharing among the Group’s internal auditors; and (iii) standardisation of the audit 
methodology. Moreover, audit efficiency and effectiveness is ensured through established key 
performance indicators and internal quality reviews. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group Internal Audit Function of the Bank employed 75 internal auditors with 
in-depth knowledge and experience in banking and audit, independent to the audited activities and with no 
involvement in the design, selection, implementation or operation of the Group’s internal controls. 
Each year, the Group Internal Audit Function prepares an annual audit plan, at Group level, ensuring synergies 
and improved coverage of audit areas. Group Internal Audit Function, as part of its 2021 Audit Plan, covered 
risks related to, among others, NPE management, ICAAP & ILAAP processes and internal risk models, 
impairment of financial assets, project “Frontier”, AML/KYC, COVID-19 post moratoria strategy, outsourcing 
/ third parties, retail and private banking, corporate and investment banking, business model sustainability, 
procurement, real estate property management, data governance, IT and cybersecurity, Human Resources 
management, compliance with PSD II and other regulations / internal policies. Group Internal Audit Function 
also performed branch network and subsidiaries’ audits, anti-fraud and continuous auditing activities as well 
as consulting engagements. For 2022, the Audit Plan will focus, among others, on the following areas:  
 
NPE Management 
 
Risk management 
 
Capital and Liquidity Adequacy 
 
Retail and Corporate Banking 
 
Payment Services 
 
AML / CFT 
 
Outsourcing 
 
IT change management procedures 
 
Cloud Implementations 
As required by IIA standards, the Group Internal Audit Function is periodically assessed by an external 
evaluator. The conclusion of the last quality review was that Group Internal Audit “Generally Conforms” 
(highest possible IIA rating) to the international standards for the professional practice of internal auditing and 
was benchmarked among peer organizations as a very mature audit unit with a score of 4.44/5. 
The use of data analysis technology is a strategic objective for the Group Internal Audit Function. During 
2021, Group Internal Audit further enhanced its Continuous Auditing and Fraud Detection software platform,

--- Page 212 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
212 
 
 
by developing additional scenarios, for both fraud and continuous audit purposes, across various product and 
business areas. The software platform features artificial intelligence and fuzzy-logic techniques and its 
coverage is being expanded to facilitate more business areas. A major upgrade is planned for 2022 to further 
enhance the system capabilities. 
During 2021, Group Internal Audit experts, as members of a project team consisting of another Bank’s risk 
and control functions experts, participated in the implementation of two critical phases of the common 
Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Platform. The platform’s implementation, which started in 2020, 
will continue in 2022 under the close co-ordination and monitoring of the respective project team. 
Moreover, during 2021, Group Internal Audit met its strategic goals, including: the added value offered to 
NBG Group business units through its recommendations and improvement proposals, further expansion of the 
use of new technology with regards to new and improved anti-fraud & continuous auditing scenarios, initiation 
of the new Common GRC Platform’s implementation for Group Internal Audit module, continuous adaptation 
of Internal Audit staff to new technology and best practices and further staff empowerment through training, 
certification and career development.  
In 2021, Group Internal Control Coordination Committee (established in 2019), convened five times under the 
coordination of the Group CAE and continued to support the key objectives (see above the section “Internal 
Control Coordination Committee”) through the establishment of multiple work groups. 
Risk Management Governance Framework 
For further information, please refer to the section “Risk Management” below. 
Regulatory Compliance and Corporate Governance 
Within the context of appropriately incorporating the applicable Greek and EU legal and regulatory framework 
and best practices into the Group’s operation, Group Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions, 
oversee all compliance matters, in line with the applicable Greek and EU regulatory framework and 
supervisory authorities’ decisions, as well as all Corporate Governance and Shareholder activities. In 
particular, the Group Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions include distinct Divisions, having 
competence over Corporate Governance, Corporate Social Responsibility, Regulatory Compliance, 
AML/CFT. It is noted that in 2021, the Group Compliance and Governance Functions have been re-organized, 
focusing on enhanced compliance monitoring initiatives and ESGs.  
The Group Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions continuously monitor developments in the 
applicable framework and best practices, each in their field of responsibility, and provide guidelines and 
support to the Bank Units and the Group Entities, while they monitor implementation of the applicable 
provisions.  
In that context, Group Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions in 2021, continued to focus on the 
establishment of an adequate and effective compliance environment, in order to safeguard the reputation and 
credibility of the Bank and the Group against all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, Supervisory 
and other Authorities, 
Moreover, the Group Compliance and Governance Functions, throughout 2021, in the context of their 
traditional role as key advisors and partners to the business continued to play a vital role providing ongoing 
support and guidance, both in terms of crisis management in the Bank's response to COVID-19 and in terms

--- Page 213 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
213 
 
 
of initiatives undertaken for the Bank's evolution. In order to comply with the regulatory framework in force, 
the Bank has set up policies and procedures. The monitored areas include among others Corporate Governance, 
AML/CFT, Tax and other Public Authorities requests, Consumer Protection, Banking secrecy, Personal Data 
Protection etc.  
Given the particular emphasis which the Group places in ensuring constant enhancement of corporate 
governance arrangements and practices applied, during 2021, the Group Corporate Governance Division has 
continued to monitor, on an ongoing basis, all regulatory developments and best practices, and proceeded with 
incorporating these in the corporate governance policies, arrangements and practices (for further details see 
section “Corporate Governance Statement – A. NBG’s Corporate Governance Code” and section “Corporate 
Governance Statement B. NBG’s Corporate Governance Key Policies and Practices” of the Board of Directors 
Report in the Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (as is incorporated by reference 
herein)), providing continuous support to the Board of Directors and Board Committees.  
Moreover, in the context of further enhancement of the Director’s Induction and ongoing training and 
development, Group Corporate Governance Function, updated the introductory informative program for the 
new Board members, covering, among others, issues concerning the Bank’s Corporate Governance and 
organizational arrangements.  
The Group Corporate Governance Division also proceeded with informing the Board Corporate Governance 
and Nominations Committee on developments in the legal and regulatory framework and latest trends and 
practices in corporate governance, while it also briefed the Audit Committee and the Compliance, Ethics and 
Culture Committee on related parties’ transactions.  
Additionally, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions also provided support, advice and 
guidance to the Bank’s Units in the context of ensuring the alignment and compliance of the Bank to the new 
regulatory framework and proceeded to actions regarding changes in policies and procedures, as well as, 
compliance with EU and national legislation. Furthermore, the Compliance and the Corporate Governance 
Functions continued to help all business lines embed compliance vision, strategy, and principles into the Bank's 
culture and day-to-day operation and activities by strengthening their accountability as risk owners and 
grasping good compliance as a business enabler. Finally, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions 
continued to systematically follow and monitor developments and compliance in accordance with the 
applicable framework, handled and participated in a number of major projects of the Bank, such as projects 
regarding the digitalization of Bank's operations and the provision of products and services, provided 
continuous support and advice to the competent Units regarding the new challenges that were introduced due 
to COVID-19 regarding Bank's operations, customers' service, and personnel remote working to ensure and 
maintain Business Continuity, while in parallel also being involved in the submission of a series of regular and 
ad hoc reports to supervisory Authorities and constituting the point of contact and liaison between the 
Authorities and the Bank.

--- Page 214 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
214 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management Governance 
Risk management and control play a fundamental role in the overall strategy of the Group, aiming to both 
effectively manage the risks of the organisation and to align with the legal and regulatory requirements. The 
Group aims at adopting best practices regarding risk governance, taking into account all relevant guidelines 
and regulatory requirements, as set by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), the European Central Bank (ECB) \ Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), the 
Bank of Greece (BoG), the Hellenic Capital Market Commission (HCMC) legislation, as well as any decisions 
of the competent authorities supervising the Group’s entities. 
Group risk management at NBG has a structured and tiered approach, based on a number of governance bodies, 
internal policies and procedures, and controls framework.  
The Board of Directors bears ultimate accountability for NBG’s risk position. It signs off on the risk strategy 
and risk appetite, and monitors the effectiveness of risk governance and management advised by its two 
specialised committees: the Board Risk Committee (BRC) and the Board Audit Committee (BAC). The 
Bank’s (Senior) Executive Committee (ExCo) and other committees, reporting to the (Senior) Executive 
Committee, are in charge of daily management actions and the direction of the business. The Group Chief Risk 
Officer (CRO) is a member of the (Senior) Executive Committee. The CRO has direct access to the Board of 
Directors, has delegated decision-authority for executive matters over risk and leads the Group Risk 
Management Function.  
The Group Risk Management Function has specialised teams per risk type. The Group Risk Management 
Function’s teams conduct day-to-day risk management activities according to policies and procedures as 
approved by the BRC, the (Senior) Executive Committee and other executive committees. The perimeter is 
based on the industry standard “Three Lines of Defence” model (see “Three Lines of Defence” Model in the 
Group’s Risk Management” below). The Group Risk Management Function’s activities are supported by 
underlying systems and infrastructure. Risk culture is viewed as a core component of effective risk 
management, with the tone and example set by the Board of Directors and Senior Management. Objective of 
the Bank is to establish a consistent risk culture across all Units. Hence, there are four layers relevant to Risk 
Management, all reporting to the Board of Directors: 
1. 
Oversight and approval 
At the top of the organisation, the members of the Board of Directors are responsible for oversight and 
approval on the governance structures of NBG, ensuring the right frameworks and policies are in place 
to ensure the Bank can be effectively managed.  
2. 
Executive management actions & sign-off 
The executive management layer (ExCo and other executive committees) decides on management 
actions, signs off on materials produced and reported, and actively steers the Bank. 
3. 
Methodology and framework 
Procedures and methodologies are in place to guide risk management, e.g. credit approval procedures, 
model development and validation, product assessments.

--- Page 215 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
215 
 
 
4. 
Execution and analysis 
The execution layer is in charge of implementing the frameworks, models and policies set forth by the 
aforementioned layers, and provide the Board of Directors and the executive committees with relevant 
analyses and results to base their decisions upon. 
“Three Lines of Defence” Model in the Group’s Risk Management 
The Group’s risk management spans across three different levels, in order to create three lines of defence, as 
follows: 
 
First line: The risk taking units (e.g. credit originating departments, Treasury) are responsible for 
assessing and minimising risks for a given level of expected return by establishing and implementing 
internal rules and controls over the on-going business.  
 
Second line: The Group Risk Management Function oversees, monitors, controls and quantifies risks; 
provides appropriate tools and methodologies, coordination and assistance to lines of business; 
provides input towards the measurement of risk adjusted performance across business line; participates 
in the credit approval process for the Group’s corporate banking, retail banking and subsidiaries 
portfolios; performs independent assessment of credit risk undertaking in respect of each portfolio and 
has the right of veto; proposes appropriate risk mitigation measures, supported by local Risk 
Management (for subsidiaries) and specialised units (for the Bank). Additionally, under the Second 
line: 
ᵒ 
The Group Compliance Function ensures that all front line units meet regulatory and other 
compliance requirements, through monitoring, advising and training.  
ᵒ 
The Group Risk Management Function cooperates with the Business Processes Division, the 
Group Internal Control Function, the Group CyberSecurity & Data Governance Division, the 
Group Security Division and the Legal Division.  
These Divisions provide support, advice, appropriate tools and methodologies, acting as control units 
for specific subcategories of operational risk (e.g. legal risk, Information & Communication 
Technology (ICT) risk) as well as ensuring the Bank’s business continuity and mitigation of physical 
threats. 
 
Third line: The Internal Audit function of the Group, which reports directly to the Board of Directors 
through the Audit Committee, complements the risk management framework, acting as an independent 
reviewer, focusing on the effectiveness of the risk management framework and control environment. 
The duties and responsibilities of all lines of defence are clearly identified and separated, and the relevant 
Units are sufficiently independent.  
Group Risk Management 
The Bank acknowledges the need for efficient risk management and has established five specialised Divisions 
and one Unit: the NBG Group Credit Risk Control Division (GcRCD), the NBG Group Financial and Liquidity 
Risk Management Division (GFLRMD), the NBG Group Operational Risk Management Division 
(GORMD), the NBG Group Strategic Risk Management Division (GSRM), the Group Risk Culture and Risk

--- Page 216 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
216 
 
 
PMO Division (GRCRPMOD) and the Model Validation Unit (MVU), to properly identify, measure, analyse, 
manage and report the risks entailed in all its business activities. All risk management units of the Group 
subsidiaries adequately report to the aforementioned Divisions / Unit. 
In addition, the two Credit Divisions, which are independent of the credit granting units, are involved in the 
credit approval process for the Group’s corporate banking, retail banking and subsidiaries portfolios. They 
perform an independent assessment of the credit risk undertaking in respect of each portfolio and have the 
right of veto.  
Risk Culture Programme 
Risk Culture is defined as an institution’s norms, attitudes and behaviours related to risk awareness, risk taking 
and risk management, and the controls that shape decisions pertaining to risk. Risk Culture influences the 
decisions of management and employees during the day-to-day activities and has an impact on the risks they 
take.  
The objective of NBG is to establish a sound and consistent Risk Culture across all units that is appropriate 
for the scale, complexity, and nature of the Bank’s business, in line with regulatory/supervisory requirements 
and in accordance with best business practices, based on solid values which are articulated by the Group’s 
Board of Directors and the Group’s Senior Management.  
Group Risk Management Function, as part of the Risk Culture Program, established the Risk Culture 
Framework (RCF), with the objective to define and document the principles, processes and methodologies that 
pertain to the identification, measurement, monitoring and reporting of Risk Culture in NBG. The RCF is a 
key element for the establishment of a sound Risk Culture within the Group. It constitutes an essential tool for 
the BoD and Senior Management to ensure that the Risk Culture is monitored and measured consistently over 
time and risk awareness enhancement actions are taken when necessary, while at the same time meets the 
supervisory authorities’ expectations on efficient risk governance, based on common perception of risk 
culture-related issues. 
NBG has in place an effective RCF that: 
 
Is aligned with the core Human Resources values; 
 
Is formed by both top-down Board and Senior Management guidance and leadership, and bottom-up 
involvement of management and other stakeholders, and is understood and applied across all levels of 
the Bank; 
 
Incorporates Risk Culture Principles that are easy to communicate and assimilate; 
 
Describes the process for the definition and implementation of personnel’s risk awareness and 
corresponding behaviours’ enhancement initiatives;  
 
Incorporates a forward-looking view of the Group’s Risk Culture profile expectations through setting 
the corresponding Risk Culture Principles; 
 
Establishes the governance arrangements for its update and monitoring.

--- Page 217 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
217 
 
 
Management of Specific Risks 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to honour its contractual obligations. 
It arises in lending activities as well as in various other activities where the Group is exposed to the risk of 
counterparty default, such as its trading, capital markets and settlement activities. Credit risk is the largest 
single risk the Group faces. The credit risk processes are conducted separately by the Bank and each of its 
subsidiaries. The credit risk procedures established by the subsidiaries are coordinated by the GCRCD.  
The Group’s credit granting processes include credit-granting criteria based on the particular target market, 
the borrower or counterparty, as well as the purpose and structure of the credit and its source of repayment; 
credit limits that aggregate in comparable and meaningful manner different types of exposures at various 
levels; clearly established procedures for approving new credits as well as the amendment, renewal and re-
financing of existing credits.  
The Group maintains on-going credit administration, measurement and monitoring processes, including in 
particular documented credit risk policies, internal risk rating systems, information systems and analytical 
techniques that enable measurement of credit risk inherent in all relevant activities. The Group’s controls 
implemented for the above processes include proper management of the credit-granting functions; periodical 
and timely remedial actions on deteriorating credits; independent, periodic audit of the credit risk management 
processes by Group Internal Audit Division, covering in particular the credit risk systems/models employed 
by the Group.  
Additionally, the GCRCD measures and monitors credit risk on an on-going basis through documented credit 
risk policies, internal rating systems, as well as information systems and analytical techniques that enable 
measurement of credit risk inherent to all relevant activities. Thus, the Group achieves active credit risk 
management through the application of appropriate limits for exposures to a particular obligor or group of 
obligors; the use of credit risk mitigation techniques; the estimation of risk-adjusted pricing for most products 
and services; and a formalised validation process, encompassing all risk rating models, conducted by the 
Bank’s independent MVU. 
The Credit Policies for the Corporate and the Retail Banking portfolios of the Bank and its subsidiaries set the 
minimum credit criteria, present the fundamental policies, procedures and guidelines for the identification, 
measurement, approval, monitoring and managing of credit risk undertaken in Corporate and Retail Banking 
Portfolios respectively, both at the Bank and Group levels. 
The Credit Policy of the Bank is approved by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of the BRC 
following proposal by the Group CRO to the (Senior) Executive Committee and the BRC, and is reviewed on 
an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary and in any case every two years. 
Credit Policies of each subsidiary are approved by the competent local boards or committees, following a 
recommendation by the responsible officers or subsidiaries’ bodies, according to the decisions of the Bank and 
the provisions of the Credit Policies. Each proposal must bear the prior consent of the Group Chief Credit 
Officer (CCO), or the Head of NBG’s Group Retail Credit Division, , depending on the portfolio, in 
collaboration with the Head of NBG’s Group Credit Risk Control Division for issues falling under their 
responsibility. The subsidiaries’ Credit Policies are reviewed on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed 
necessary and in any case every two years.

--- Page 218 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
218 
 
 
Through the application of the Retail Banking Credit Policy, the evaluation and estimation of credit risk, for 
new as well as for existing products, are effectively facilitated. NBG’s Senior Management is regularly 
informed on all aspects regarding the Credit Policy. Remedial action plans are set to resolve the issues, 
whenever necessary, within the risk appetite and strategic orientation of the Bank. The Bank’s Retail Banking 
Credit Policy is approved and can be amended or revised by the Board of Directors following recommendation 
from the BRC and is subject to periodic revision. Retail Banking Credit Policy is reviewed on an annual basis 
and revised whenever deemed necessary and in any case every two years. All approved policy changes are 
incorporated in the Policy Manual. 
Concentration Risk 
The Bank manages the extension of credit, controls its exposure to credit risk and ensures its regulatory 
compliance based on an internal limits system.  The GCRCD is responsible for limits setting, limits monitoring 
and regulatory compliance. 
The fundamental instruments for controlling Corporate Portfolio concentration are obligor limits, reflecting 
the maximum permitted level of exposure for a specific obligor, given his or her risk rating and sector limits 
that set the maximum allowed level of exposure for any specific industry of the economy; industries are 
classified in groups on the basis of NACE (General Industrial Classification of Economic Activities within the 
European Communities) codes.  Sector limits constitute part of the Bank’s Risk Appetite Framework and are 
revised at least annually. Excesses of the Industry Concentration Limits should be approved by the Board Risk 
Committee following a proposal of the General Manager of Group Risk Management (Chief Risk Officer). 
Any risk exposure in excess of the authorized internal obligor limits must be approved by a higher level Credit 
Approving Body, based on the Credit Approval Authorities as presented in the Corporate Credit Policy. Like 
Sector Limits, obligor limits and are subject to BRC approval on an annual basis.   
Credit risk concentration arising from a large exposure to a counterparty or group of connected clients whose 
probability of default depends on common risk factors is also monitored, through the Large Exposures and 
Large Debtors reporting framework. 
Finally, within the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process, the Bank has adopted a methodology to 
measure the risk arising from concentration to economic sectors (sectoral concentration) and to individual 
companies (name concentration). Additional capital requirements are calculated, if necessary, and Pillar 1 
capital adequacy is adjusted to ultimately take into account such concentration risks. 
Market Risk  
Market Risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse movements in 
interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, as well as, their levels of volatility. The main 
contributor to market risk in the Group is the Bank. NBG seeks to identify, estimate, monitor and effectively 
manage market risk through a robust framework of principles, measurement processes and a valid set of limits 
that apply to all the Bank’s transactions. The most significant types of market risk are the following: interest 
rate risk, equity risk, foreign exchange risk and foreign exchange risk. 
Interest Rate Risk  
Interest rate risk is the risk related to the potential loss on the Group’s portfolio due to adverse movements in 
interest rates. A principal source of interest rate risk exposure stems from the interest rate, over-the-counter

--- Page 219 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
219 
 
 
(OTC) and exchange traded, derivative transactions as well as from the trading and the held to collect and sell 
(HTCS) bond portfolios. 
The most significant contributor to market risk in the Group is the Bank. More specifically, NBG maintains a 
material derivatives portfolio of mainly vanilla interest rate (IR) products, which are mostly cleared in CCPs 
or managed through bilateral ISDA/CSA agreements. Their primary function is to hedge banking book 
securities or exposure of other derivative products in the trading book. Additionally, the Bank retains moderate 
positions in Greek government bonds and T Bills, as well as in other EU sovereign and EFSF bonds, and 
limited exposure to Greek and international corporate issues, mostly classified in the HTCS portfolio. 
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk related to the potential loss due to adverse movements in the prices of stocks and equity 
indices. The Group holds a limited portfolio of stocks, the majority of which are traded on the ATHEX and 
retains positions in stock and equity index derivatives traded on the ATHEX, as well as, on international 
exchanges. The cash portfolio comprises of trading and held to collect and sell positions. The portfolio of 
equity derivatives is mainly used for hedging the equity risk stemming from the Group’s cash position and 
equity-linked products offered to customers and to a lesser extent for proprietary trading. 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk related to the potential loss due to adverse movements in foreign exchange 
rates. The Open Currency Position (OCP) of the Bank primarily arises from foreign exchange spot and forward 
transactions. The OCP is distinguished between trading and structural. The structural OCP contains all of the 
Bank’s assets and liabilities in foreign currency (for example loans, deposits, etc.), along with the foreign 
exchange transactions performed by the Treasury Division. Apart from the Bank, the foreign exchange risk 
undertaken by the rest of the Group’s subsidiaries is insignificant. 
The Group trades in all major currencies, holding mainly short term positions for trading purposes and for 
servicing its institutional/corporate, domestic and international clientele. 
Market risk on trading and held to collect and sell — Value-at-Risk (VaR) 
The Bank uses market risk models and specific processes to assess and quantify the portfolio’s market risk, 
based on best practice and industry-wide accepted risk metrics. More specifically, the Bank estimates the 
market risk of its Trading and HTCS portfolios using the VaR methodology. This has been implemented in 
the Bank’s risk platform which is RiskWatch by Algorithmics (currently SS&C). In particular, the Bank has 
adopted the variance-covariance (VCV) methodology, with a 99% confidence interval and a 1-day holding 
period. The VaR is calculated on a daily basis for the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios, along with the 
VaR per risk type (interest rate, equity and foreign exchange risk). The VaR estimates are used internally as a 
risk management tool, as well as for regulatory purposes. The GFLRMD calculates the VaR of the Bank’s 
trading and HTCS portfolios, for internal use, on a daily basis, using the latest 75 exponentially weighted daily 
observations to construct the VCV matrices. For regulatory purposes, the calculations apply only on the trading 
portfolio and the VCV matrices are based on 252, equally weighted, daily observations. The risk factors 
relevant to the financial products in the Bank’s portfolio are interest rates, equity indices, foreign exchange 
rates and commodity prices. Additionally, the GFLRMD calculates the stressed VaR (sVaR) of the Bank’s 
trading portfolio, which is defined as the VaR, where model inputs are calibrated to historical data from a 
continuous 1-year period of significant financial stress, relevant to the Bank’s portfolio. The relevant VCV 
matrices are identified over a period starting in January 2008. Similarly to VaR, the Bank calculates sVaR on

--- Page 220 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
220 
 
 
a daily basis, using a 1-day holding period and 99% confidence level. Finally, the GFLRMD calculates the 
VaR of the Bank’s portfolios by applying the historical simulation approach, for comparative purposes. 
The Bank has also established a framework of VaR limits in order to control and manage the risks to which it 
is exposed in a more efficient way. These limits are based on the Bank’s Risk Appetite, as outlined in the 
Bank’s Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), the anticipated profitability of the Treasury, as well as on the level 
of the Bank’s own funds, in the context of the Group strategy. The VaR limits refer not only to specific types 
of market risk, such as interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and commodity, but also to the overall market 
risk of the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios, taking into account the respective diversification between 
portfolios. Moreover, the same set of limits are used to monitor and manage risk levels on the regulatory 
Trading book, on an overall basis and per risk type, since this is the aggregation level relevant for the 
calculation of the own funds requirements for market risk, under the Internal Model Approach (pursuant to 
Title IV, Chapter 5 of the Capital Requirements Regulation). 
The operation of the market risk management unit as a whole, including the VaR calculation framework, have 
been thoroughly reviewed and approved by the Bank of Greece, as well as by external advisors. Also, the 
Internal Audit assesses the effectiveness of the relevant internal controls on a regular basis. Moreover, the 
adequacy of the market risk management framework as well as the appropriateness of the VaR model used for 
the calculation of the Bank’s capital requirements, were successfully reassessed in the context of the Market 
Risk TRIM, performed by the ECB. The successful completion of the TRIM assured the use of the Bank’s 
internal model for the calculation of own funds requirements for market risk.  
The VaR of the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios is mostly hedged for interest rate risk, but it is exposed 
to credit-spread risk, through the positions in Greek and other EU periphery sovereign bonds, held in the HTCS 
portfolio. During the first two quarters of 2022, the large gyrations in interest rates, both in the risk-free rates 
and the periphery sovereign yields, caused the yield volatilities to spike and the VaR of the Trading and HTCS 
portfolios to increase sharply, reaching its peak at the end of Q2.2022. However, in the third quarter of the 
year, the VaR gradually receded, in line with the path of the respective volatilities. 
Back-testing 
The Bank performs back-testing on a daily basis, in order to verify the predictive power of the VaR model. In 
accordance with the guidelines set out in the Capital Requirements Regulation 575/2013, the calculations only 
refer to the Bank’s trading portfolio and involve the comparison of the hypothetical and actual daily 
gains/losses of the portfolio with the respective estimates of the VaR model used for regulatory purposes. The 
hypothetical gains/losses is the change in the value of the portfolio between days t and t+1, assuming that the 
portfolio remains the same between the two days. In the same context, the actual gains/losses is the change in 
the value of the portfolio between days t and t+1, including all the transactions that took place in day t+1, 
excluding fees, commissions and net interest income. 
Any excess of the hypothetical/actual losses over the VaR estimate is reported to the regulatory authorities 
within five business days. The non-parallel movement of the EUR IRS rates and the respective sovereign 
yields, as well as the widening of the swap-spread, combined with the unweighted scheme of the VaR model, 
caused successive over-shootings during the first nine months of 2022. 
Stress Testing 
The VaR model is based on certain theoretical assumptions, which do not fully capture the potential bigger 
movements known as “tail events” in the markets.

--- Page 221 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
221 
 
 
To enhance the predictability of the Bank’s VaR model and minimise the effect of the aforementioned 
limitations, the Bank performs stress testing on a weekly basis. The aim of stress testing is to evaluate the gains 
or losses that may occur under extreme market conditions and applies on both trading and held to collect and 
sell portfolios.  
Counterparty Credit Risk 
Counterparty credit risk for the Group stems from OTC derivative and other interbank secured and unsecured 
funding transactions, as well as commercial transactions and is due to the potential failure of a counterparty to 
meet its contractual obligations. 
The estimation of the exposure to each counterparty depends on the type of the financial product. In the case 
of money market placements and commercial transactions, exposure is equal to the face amount of the 
transaction. In OTC transactions, exposure is calculated based on the ISDA-SIMM methodology or Monte-
Carlo Simulation, according to the type of counterparty and the existence or not of a CSA agreement. 
The Group seeks to reduce counterparty credit risk by standardising its transactions with counterparties 
through International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) and Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
(GMRA) contracts, which encompass all necessary netting and margining clauses. Additionally, for the 
majority of the active counterparties, Credit Support Annexes (CSAs) have been signed, so that net current 
exposures are managed through margin accounts on a daily basis, by exchanging cash or debt securities as 
collateral, thus minimising counterparty credit risk. 
The Group avoids taking positions on derivative contracts where the values of the underlying assets are highly 
correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty (wrong-way-risk). 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current or prospective risk to earnings (net interest 
income) and capital due to adverse movements in interest rates affecting the banking book positions. Exposure 
to interest rate risk in the banking book arises from re-pricing mismatches between assets and liabilities. The 
Group’s banking book consists mainly of loans and advances to customers, cash and balances with central 
banks, due from banks, securities measured at amortised cost and FVTOCI, due to customers, due to banks, 
debt securities in issue and other borrowed funds that are measured at amortised cost and derivatives hedging 
other banking book items. The Group maintains adequate measurement, monitoring, and control functions for 
interest rate risk in the banking book, including: 
 
measurement systems of interest rate risk that capture all material sources of interest rate risk and that 
assess the effect of interest rate changes in ways that are consistent with the scope of the Group’s 
activities.; 
 
measurement of vulnerability to loss under stressed market conditions; 
 
processes and information systems for measuring, monitoring, controlling, and reporting interest rate 
risk exposures in the banking book; and 
 
a documented policy regarding the management of interest rate risk in the banking book.

--- Page 222 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
222 
 
 
IRRBB is measured, monitored and controlled by the Risk Management function (GFLRMD), based on the 
Group’s established risk appetite framework. Specifically, GFLRMD calculates a number of risk metrics for 
the purpose of monitoring and controlling IRRBB: 
 
Net Interest Income (NII) sensitivity, a measure of the effect of interest rate changes to the Group’s 
expected interest earnings. NII sensitivity measures changes to interest income under varying interest 
rate scenarios over a one year horizon and assuming a constant balance sheet over this period. Its main 
purpose is to measure the vulnerability of the Group’s profitability to changing interest rates 
conditions; and 
 
Economic Value of Equity (EVE) Sensitivity, a measure of the change of the net present value of the 
balance sheet due to adverse interest rate changes. EVE Sensitivity is calculated on the entire balance 
sheet under a run-off assumption, i.e., no replenishment of matured transactions. 
Both metrics are used in establishing the Group’s IRRBB capital requirements. 
Country Risk  
Country risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital, caused by events in a particular country 
which are at least to some extent under the control of the government but definitely not under the control of a 
private enterprise or individual. The main categories of country risk consist of sovereign risk, convertibility 
risk and transfer risk. Sovereign risk stems from a foreign government’s lack of capacity and/or willingness to 
repay its debt or other obligations. Convertibility and transfer risk arise when a borrower is unable to convert 
funds from local to foreign currency in order to repay external obligations. Therefore, country risk refers to all 
cross-border transactions, either with a central government, or with a financial institution, a corporate or a 
retail client. 
The on and off balance sheet items which potentially entail country risk are the following: 
 
participation in the equity of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in other countries; 
 
interbank secured and unsecured placements and the risk that arises from OTC transactions, with 
financial institutions which operate abroad; 
 
loans to corporations or financial institutions that operate abroad, positions in corporate bonds and 
cross-border project finance loans; 
 
funded and unfunded commercial transactions with foreign counterparties; and 
 
holdings of foreign sovereign debt. 
In this context, the Bank’s exposure to country risk arises from the participation in the Group’s subsidiaries 
operating abroad, the Bank’s holdings in foreign sovereign bonds and cross border activities in the form of 
interbank/commercial transactions and corporate lending.  
GFLRMD monitors country risk exposure on a daily basis, mainly focusing on the countries where the Group 
has presence. Country risk has been decreasing in recent years, as the Bank is divesting international 
subsidiaries in accordance with its Restructuring Plan.

--- Page 223 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
223 
 
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk arising from the institution’s inability to meet its 
payment obligations as they fall due, without incurring unacceptable losses. 
It reflects the potential mismatch between incoming and outgoing payments, taking into account unexpected 
delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly high outflows (withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity risk 
involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the Bank’s cost of funding, and the risk of being unable to 
liquidate a position in a timely manner and on reasonable terms. 
The Bank’s executive and senior management has the responsibility to implement the liquidity risk strategy 
approved by the Board Risk Committee (BRC) and to develop the policies, methodologies and procedures for 
identifying, measuring, monitoring and reporting liquidity risk, consistent with the nature and complexity of 
the relevant activities. The Bank’s executive and senior management is informed about current liquidity risk 
exposures, on a daily basis, ensuring that the Group’s liquidity risk profile stays within the approved levels. 
In addition, top management receives, on a daily basis, the Bank’s liquidity report which presents a detailed 
analysis of the Group’s funding sources, counterbalancing capacity, cost of funding and other liquidity metrics 
related to the RAF, Recovery Plan and Contingency Funding Plan. Additionally, Risk Management reports 
monthly to ALCO, all approved liquidity metrics and indicators, as well as liquidity stress testing outcomes, 
maturity gaps between assets and liabilities, and cost of funding evolution. Liquidity Risk management aims 
to ensure that the Bank’s liquidity risk is measured appropriately and reported frequently to confirm that 
liquidity metrics are within set risk appetite and management is promptly informed of any developing liquidity 
risks. In addition, the Group’s subsidiaries measure, report and manage their own individual Liquidity Risk, 
ensuring they are self-sufficient in a liquidity stress (i.e., not reliant on the Parent entity). 
At the end of the first half of 2022, the Bank further strengthened its liquidity profile, due to continued growth 
in customer deposits. On 30 June 2022, the Group’s customer deposit balance continued its upward trend and 
stood at €54.3 billion, an increase of €0.8 billion compared to 31 December 2021. Additionally, the Bank’s 
LCR, remained strong and steadily increased during the first half of 2022, driven by the increase of customer 
deposits, reaching its highest historical level on 30 June 2022 at 255.4% (Group 259.5%), 11 percentage points 
higher than a year prior. The Bank’s NSFR also improved during 2022 and on 31 March 2022, reached its 
highest historical level of 133.7% (Group 136.0%), 12 percentage points higher than on 31 March 2021. 
Finally, Loan-to-Deposit ratio stood at (56.7%) and (57.8%) as of 30 June 2022, on a domestic (Greece) and 
on a Group level, respectively. 
Insurance risk 
The insurance contracts issued by the Group include either insurance or financial risk. The risk under any 
insurance policy is the possibility of the insured event resulting in a claim. By the very nature of an insurance 
policy, risk is based on fortuity and is therefore unpredictable. 
The principal risk that the Group may face under its insurance contracts is that the actual claims and benefit 
payments or the timing thereof, differ from expectations. This could occur because the frequency and/or 
severity of claims is greater than estimated. Depending on the insurance product, this risk is influenced by 
macroeconomic changes, changes in customer behaviour, changes in public health, pandemics and catastrophic 
events such as earthquakes, industrial disasters, fires, riots or terrorism.

--- Page 224 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
224 
 
 
The above risk exposure is mitigated by diversification across a large portfolio of insurance contracts. The 
variability of risks is also improved by the careful selection and implementation of the Group’s underwriting 
policy, reinsurance strategy and internal guidelines, within an overall risk management framework. Pricing is 
based on assumptions and statistics and the Group’s empirical data, taking into consideration current trends 
and market conditions and past experience. 
Reinsurance arrangements include facultative, treaty (proportional or other) and catastrophe coverage. 
Operational risk 
The Group defines Operational Risk as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risk, excludes strategic and business 
risk, but takes into consideration the reputational impact of OR. 
Operational risk is inherent to all products/services, activities, processes and systems and is generated in all 
business and support areas.  
NBG has established a sound Operational Risk Management Framework (ORMF), consistent with best 
practices and compliant with regulatory requirements and internal governance policies. It provides the 
foundations, principles and governance arrangements for designing, implementing, monitoring, reviewing and 
continually strengthening operational risk management throughout the Group. ORMF is aligned with the NBG 
Group Risk Appetite Framework and aims to facilitate a more informed risk decision-making process, resulting 
in the optimum handling of operational risk. 
The ORMF governance structure is based on the three lines of defence (LoD) model placing particular 
emphasis on the role of the first line of defence, the Business Units that are responsible and accountable for 
directly identifying, assessing, controlling and mitigating operational risk within their business activities in 
compliance with the Bank’s standards and policies. 
Operational risk management is integrated into the day-to-day business, adding value to the organisation by 
applying a proactive approach. A series of techniques and programmes have been defined by the Group in 
order to identify, assess, mitigate and monitor operational risk. The key components of the ORMF are the 
following: 
 
The Risks and Controls Self-Assessment (RCSA) process; it is a recurring, forward looking process 
performed at least on an annual basis aiming at the identification and assessment of the operational 
risks faced by the Group. The scope of RCSA extends to all business lines, thereby to all business, 
support or specialized Units; 
 
The Internal Events Management process; NBG requires accurate and timely knowledge of 
operational risk related internal events and has therefore established an appropriate event management 
process that covers the event life cycle, comprising the event identification, categorization, analysis, 
on-going management, remediation actions and reporting; 
 
The Key Risk Indicators definition and monitoring process; NBG defines Key Risk Indicator as 
(KRI) any simple or combined data variable, which allows the assessment of a situation exposing the 
Bank to operational risk, as well as its trend, by monitoring/comparing its values over time. Therefore, 
KRIs are metrics providing early warning signs detecting potential risks and vulnerabilities in the 
activities of the Bank;

--- Page 225 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
225 
 
 
 
The Scenario Analysis process; NBG defines Risk Scenario the creation of a potential event or 
consequence of events that expose the organisation to significant operational risks and can lead to 
severe operational losses. Scenario Analysis is the process that reveals all the long term exposures to 
major and unusual operational risks which can have substantial negative impacts on the organization’s 
profitability and reputation; 
 
The Training Initiatives and Risk Culture awareness actions; Group Operational Risk 
Management Division designs and implements training programmes on operational risk and the 
ORMF, the use and implementation of programmes, methods and systems as well as other actions 
aiming at knowledge sharing and the establishment of OpRisk culture Group-wide.  
The implementation of the ORMF and its programmes aims to continuously improve the control environment, 
implies proactive operational risk managment and strengthens the Group’s risk culture.

--- Page 226 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
226 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Board of Directors of the Bank 
The Bank is managed by the Board of Directors (the Board), which is responsible for ensuring strategic 
direction, management supervision and adequate control of the Bank, with the ultimate goal of increasing the 
long-term value of the Bank and protecting the corporate interest at large, in compliance with the current 
legislation and regulatory framework, including the provisions of the Relationship Framework Agreement 
between the Bank and the HFSF, as amended from time to time. 
The Board’s tasks, key responsibilities and authorities are set out in Greek Law 4548/2018, Greek Law 
4261/2014, EU Regulation 468/2014, Greek Law 4706/2020, Greek Law 3864/2010 and the Relationship 
Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, all as each time in force, the Hellenic Corporate 
Governance Code of the Hellenic Corporate Governance Council, which the Bank has adopted, constituting 
the Hellenic Corporate Governance Code for Companies with securities listed on the stock market, in 
accordance with Article 17 of Greek Law 4706/2020 and Article 4 of Decision 2/905/3.3.2021 of the Board of 
Directors of the Hellenic Capital Market Commission, as well as in the Bank’s internal corporate governance 
framework, i.e. the Bank’s Articles of Association and the Bank’s Corporate Governance Code, which includes 
additional provisions in compliance with more specific corporate governance framework applying to credit 
institutions, as well as provisions on internal arrangements and processes that the Bank implements in 
compliance with the relevant legal and regulatory framework. 
Appointment of Directors and Operation of the Board 
The members of the Board are elected by the Bank’s General Meeting of Shareholders for a term that cannot 
exceed three years and ends at the ordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders in the year in which such 
term expires. Uneven terms of office may be provisioned for each Director, insofar as this is prescribed by the 
current legal and regulatory framework. All members can be re elected. The General Meeting of Shareholders 
determines each time the exact number of the members of the Board and its independent members. 
An HFSF representative also participates in the Bank’s Board, in line with Greek Law 3864/2010, as in force. 
In accordance with the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, signed in 
December 2015, as in force, the HFSF is also entitled to the appointment of an observer without voting rights 
(the HFSF Observer). 
Furthermore, until 22 July 2016, pursuant to the Bank’s participation in the Hellenic Republic Bank Support 
Plan Greek Law 3723/2008, the Hellenic Republic had the right to participate in the Board through the 
appointment of a representative. As the Bank no longer benefits from any support under the Hellenic 
Republic’s Bank Support Plan, the Bank is no longer subject to the provisions of Greek Law 3723/2008 and 
the representation of the Hellenic Republic on the Bank’s Board has been ceased. 
Moreover, as of July 2019 the Bank’s Board of Directors established the role of Senior Independent Director, 
who is selected from among its independent non-executive members. The duties of the Senior Independent 
Director, as foreseen in the Bank’s Corporate Governance Code, indicatively include: acting as a sounding 
board for the Chairman and serving as an intermediary for the other Directors; being a key point of contact for 
shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders along with the Chairman of the Board; coordinating the non-
executive Board members, and discussing with other Directors issues on which the Chairman might have a 
conflict of interest and acting as intermediary between Directors and the Chairman, as necessary; acting as a 
facilitator,to facilitate and improve relations with shareholders and to assist in the resolution of conflict in case 
of crisis or in case of dispute, when for instance: i) there is a dispute between the Chairman and the Chief 
Executive Officer; ii) shareholders or non-executive directors have expressed concerns that are not being 
addressed by the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer; or iii) the relationship between the Chairman and

--- Page 227 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
227 
 
 
the Chief Executive Officer is particularly close; and leading the annual evaluation of the Chairman according 
to the Bank’s Board Evaluation Policy.  
Since the initial establishment of the role of Senior Independent Director in 2019, the Board, with the support 
of the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, has thoroughly discussed and further detailed the 
role of the Senior Independent Director, taking into account regulatory provisions, international best practices 
and relevant guidelines provided by the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (HFSF). 
Responsibilities of the Board 
Among other matters, the Board is responsible for: 
 
reviewing and approving the strategic direction of the Bank and the Group, including the business 
plan, the annual budget and the key strategic decisions as well as providing guidance to the Bank’s 
and the Group’s Management; 
 
reviewing the Group’s corporate structure, monitoring its embedded risks and ensuring the 
cohesiveness and effectiveness of the Group’s corporate governance system; 
 
acquiring shareholdings in other banks in Greece or abroad, or divestment thereof; 
 
establishing branches, agencies, and representation offices in Greece and abroad; 
 
establishing associations and foundations under Article 108 and participating in companies falling 
under Article 784 of the Greek Civil Code; 
 
approving the Bank’s internal labour regulations; 
 
nominating General Managers and other executives of the Bank, as appropriate in line with the 
applicable framework and accordingly following proposals by the Bank’s responsible bodies; 
 
reviewing and approving the Group and the Bank’s annual and interim financial report; 
 
issuing Bonds of any type, with the exception of those for which the Bank’s General Meeting is 
exclusively responsible in accordance with the Greek law; 
 
approving and reviewing a Code of Ethics for the employees of the Bank and the Group and the Code 
of Ethics for financial professionals; 
 
approving the Bank’s and the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy; and 
 
approving and reviewing the Group Remuneration Policy upon decision of its non-executive members, 
following recommendation by the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee of the Board. 
Moreover, pursuant to Article 10 of Greek Law 3864/2010 (the HFSF Law), as amended and in force, the 
representative of the HFSF may, inter alia, veto the decision making process of the Board in relation to 
dividend allocation and the benefits and bonus policy of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the other members of the Board of Directors, as well as the General Managers and their substitutes, 
for any credit institutions whose ratio of non-performing loans to total loans, as calculated in accordance with 
subsection f(ii), of paragraph 2 of Article 11 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/451, exceeds 
10%. 
The Bank’s Board is supported by seven Board Committees, which have been established and operate for this 
purpose, namely the Strategy and Transformation Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Audit

--- Page 228 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
228 
 
 
Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, the Human Resources and Remuneration 
Committee, the Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee and the Innovation and Sustainability Committee. 
The Board Committees operate in accordance with their applicable legislation and regulatory framework 
applicable in each case, including, where applicable, the provisions of the Relationship Framework Agreement 
between the Bank and the HFSF. (See “Board Committees” below). 
Board Structure 
Pursuant to Greek Law 3864/2010 and the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the 
HFSF, the HFSF participates in the Board through the appointment of a representative (the HFSF Observer, 
as described above). As notified to the Bank by HFSF's Letter dated 23 July 2018, the duties of the HFSF's 
Representative, in the context of Law 3864/2010, are exercised by Mr Periklis Drougkas. The HFSF 
representative is entitled to participate in Board Committees and committees which do not solely comprise 
executive members, and has the rights and authorities prescribed by Greek Law 3864/2010 as in force and the 
Relationship Framework Agreement between the National Bank of Greece and the HFSF. 
In the context of overseeing the implementation of the restructuring plan of the banking sector, and specifically, 
the implementation of any other commitments undertaken by the Greek Government relating to the Bank’s 
operations, Grant Thornton had been appointed as “Monitoring Trustee” with a view to ensuring compliance 
of the Bank with the aforesaid commitments. (See also below “Monitoring Trustee” and “Description of the 
Group – History and Development of the Group – 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”).  
Given that the three-year term of the entire NBG Board of Directors was due to end at the Annual General 
Meeting of 2021, the Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s Shareholders held on 30 July 2021 elected a new 
Board of Directors, consisting of twelve (12) Directors, with a term of three years, i.e., through to the Annual 
General Meeting of 2024. On the same day, the new Board of Directors convened and constituted into a body, 
in line with the law and the Bank’s Articles of Association. The Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s 
Shareholders held on 28 July 2022, resolved upon the increase of the number of Board members from twelve 
(12) to thirteen (13) and the election of Mr. Athanasios Zarkalis as new Independent Non-Executive member 
of the Board of Directors, in fulfilment of the new position in the Board, with a term equal to the remaining 
Board members, i.e., up to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 2024. On the same day, the Board 
of Directors convened and decided on its constitution into a body, in line with the applicable law and the 
Bank’s Articles of Association. 
The following table sets forth the current Board: 
 
Name 
Position in Board 
Start of 
Term* 
End 
of 
Term 
Profession/ 
Main Expertise, 
Experience 
Principal 
activities 
performed outside of 
NBG 
Board of Directors of the Bank

--- Page 229 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
229 
 
 
Gikas 
Hardouvelis 
Chair (Non-executive 
Member) 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Chair of the 
Board Professor/ 
Economist/Risk, 
Strategy and 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Professor, Department 
of 
Banking 
and 
Financial Management 
at the University of 
Piraeus, First Vice Chair 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors and member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committee 
of 
the 
Foundation 
for 
Economic and Industrial 
Research 
(IOBE), 
participation 
in 
the 
Board of Trustees of 
Anatolia 
College, 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
of the 
LSE-
Hellenic 
Observatory, 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Hellenic 
American Chamber of 
Commerce, Member of 
the Academic Council 
of Cyprus International 
Institute 
of 
Management, Resident 
Fellow at the Institute of 
Finance and Financial 
Regulation, 
Research 
Fellow at the Centre for 
Economic 
Policy 
Research, London and 
ex-officio Member of 
the Board at several 
foundations 
Executive members 
 
 
 
 
Pavlos 
Mylonas 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
- 
Christina 
Theofilidi 
Executive Board 
Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Executive Board 
Member 
- 
Independent Non-Executive 
Members 
 
 
 
 
Avraam 
Gounaris  
Senior Independent 
Director 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Economist / 
Financial 
Services

--- Page 230 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
230 
 
 
Wietze 
Reehorn 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Risk, Strategy 
and Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
MUFG Bank (Europe) 
N.V. (MBE), Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
MUFG 
Securities (Europe) NV, 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
Anthos Private Wealth 
Management 
B.V., 
participation as member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Council of Frans Hals 
Museum, Chairman of 
the Supervisory Council 
of Stichting Topsport 
Community, 
participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
ABE 
Bonnema 
Stichting 
and 
member/Director 
of 
Koninklijke 
Hollandsche 
Maatschappij 
der 
Wetencchappen 
Aikaterini 
Beritsi 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
EYDAP S.A. 
Claude Piret 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Risk Experience/ 
Financial 
Services 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Saint Pierre Hospital in 
Belgium

--- Page 231 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
231 
 
 
Anne Marion 
Bouchacourt 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
 Human 
Resources and 
Culture 
Experience 
Chair 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
Private 
Banking 
Switzerland 
and she also acts as 
Societe Generale Group 
Country 
Head 
for 
Switzerland and CEO of 
Societe 
Generale 
Zurich, Participation in 
Board of Directors of 
Ipsos and Credit du 
Nord, 
President 
of 
Conseillers 
du 
Commerce extérieur de 
la 
France 
(Suisse), 
Member of the Board of 
the 
‘Association des 
banques étrangères en 
Suisse’ 
Elena Ana 
Cernat 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Banking/Digital 
Banking 
Experience 
CEO of Alior 
Bank 
Warsaw-Bucharest 
Branch and participation 
in Board of Directors of 
Yoga Vidya Romania 
Matthieu Kiss Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Audit 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
HSBC Insurance France 
Europe Arab Bank S.A. 
(EAB) and Chair as a 
volunteer of the finance 
committee of the French 
arm of the Salvation 
Army 
Jayaprakasa 
(JP) 
Rangaswami 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
IT/ Digital 
Transformation 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Admiral 
Group 
plc, 
Allfunds 
Bank 
SA, 
Daily Mail and General 
Trust plc, EMIS Group 
plc, Board Chairman at 
Web 
Science 
Trust, 
Member of Trust Board 
of Cumberland Lodge, 
Adjunct Professor at the 
University 
of 
Southampton

--- Page 232 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
232 
 
 
Athanasios 
Zarkalis 
Independent Non-
Executive Member 
28 July 2022 
2024 
Commercial, 
Retail and 
Strategy 
Experience 
 
Non Executive - Representative of 
the HFSF (Greek Law 3864/2010) -   
 
 
 
Periklis 
Drougkas 
Representative of the 
HFSF 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Economist 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Tirana Bank ShA 
Secretary Board of Directors  
 
 
 
 
Panos 
Dasmanoglou 
 
30 July 2021 
2024 
General 
Manager of 
Group 
Compliance and 
Corporate 
Governance 
- 
* Date of election of the Members of the Board by the Annual General Meetings of Shareholders of 2021 and 
2022. 
At the end of 2021 and during 2022, the following changes took place as regards composition of the Board: 
 
On 22 December 2021, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Avraam Gounaris as Senior Independent 
Director. Mr. Claude Piret was serving temporarily as Senior Independent Director from 22 April 2021 
until 22 December 2021.  
 
The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on 28 July 2022, resolved upon the increase of the 
number of Board members from twelve (12) to thirteen (13) and the election of Mr. Athanasios 
Zarkalis as new Independent Non-Executive member of the Board of Directors, in fulfilment of the 
new position in the Board, with a term equal to the remaining Board members, i.e. up to the Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders of 2024. 
HFSF influence 
Pursuant to the HFSF Law and the Presubscription Agreement dated 28 May 2012, as amended and restated 
on 21 December 2012, the HFSF initially appointed a representative on the Bank’s Board in 2012. The HFSF 
representative, according also to the stipulations of the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank 
and the HFSF, participates in the Board Committees. Additionally, according the provisions of the 
Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, the HFSF also appoints an Observer to 
the Board and Board Committees (without voting rights).  
Pursuant to the 2015 Recapitalisation, the HFSF participated in the Bank’s recapitalisation by contributing 
ESM notes and acquiring in exchange common shares with full voting rights representing 38.92% of the share 
capital of the Bank, and CoCos which were fully repaid on 15 December 2016. Additionally, the HFSF used 
to retain common shares with restrictions on the exercise of voting rights, as per Article 7a of the HFSF Law 
as in force, corresponding to 1.47% of the share capital of the Bank, which could have full voting rights shares 
upon certain conditions. However, in accordance with Law 4941/2022, which amended the HFSF Law, Article 
107 par. 2, as of 16.07.2022, the HFSF, pursuant to Article 7a of the HFSF Law, as amended by Law 4941/2022

--- Page 233 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
233 
 
 
and in force, fully exercises voting rights corresponding to the total shares that it holds, i.e., to shares 
corresponding to 40.39% of the share capital of the Bank. 
Subject to the Relationship Framework Agreement, applicable law and the Bank’s Articles of Association, the 
Bank’s decision making bodies will continue to determine independently, amongst others, the Bank’s 
commercial strategy and policy and the decisions on the day to day operation of the Bank will continue to rest 
with the Bank’s competent bodies and officers, as the case may be, in accordance with their statutory, legal 
and fiduciary responsibilities. 
Monitoring Trustee 
From January to February 2013, monitoring trustees (each, a Monitoring Trustee), acting on behalf of the 
European Commission, were appointed in all banks under restructuring—including the Bank, in accordance 
with the commitments undertaken by the Hellenic Republic towards the European Commission in 2012, 
regarding banks under restructuring, in the Memorandum of Economic and Financial Policies, contained in 
the First Review of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece. 
The Monitoring Trustees are respected international auditing or consulting firms approved by the European 
Commission on the basis of their competence, their independence from the banks and the absence of any 
potential conflict of interest. In each credit institution under restructuring, the Monitoring Trustees worked on 
behalf and under the direction of the European Commission, within the terms of reference agreed with the 
European Committee (EC), ECB and IMF staff. 
Grant Thornton had been the Bank’s Monitoring Trustee since 16 January 2013, with the duty to monitor the 
Bank’s compliance with the commitments undertaken. 
The commitments undertaken in 2012 were updated and included as an Annex in the 2014 Restructuring Plan. 
The commitments were further updated in December 2015 and included as an Annex in the 2015 Revised 
Restructuring Plan. On 10 May 2019, the Directorate General for Competition of the European Commission 
approved the Bank’s 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan, amending the commitments of 2015. 
Αs communicated by the Directorate General for Competition of the European Commission in June 2022, the 
restructuring period and the mandate of the Monitoring Trustee for NBG has ended (see p. 14 of the June 2022 
Interim Financial Statements under “Board of Directors’ Report – 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”, as 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus). 
Board Committees 
Seven Committees, namely the, the Audit Committee, the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee , 
the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, the Risk Committee, the Strategy and Transformation 
Committee, the Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee and the Innovation and Sustainability Committee 
have been set up and operate at Board level. The Committee members are remunerated annually for their 
participation in each Committee. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee was established in 1999 and operates in accordance with the provisions of the Bank of 
Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/2006 and Greek Law 4449/2017 (Article 44), as in force.

--- Page 234 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
234 
 
 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Matthieu Kiss 
Vice Chair 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Human Resources and Remuneration Committee 
The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (HRRC) was established by Board decision (meeting 
no. 1259/5 May 2005). 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Vice Chair 
Elena Ana Cernat  
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member  
Athanasios Zarkalis 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee 
The Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee (CGNC) was established by Board decision (meeting 
no. 1259/5 May 2005).  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Vice Chair 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Anne Marion Bouchacourt 
Member 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Board Risk Committee 
The Board Risk Committee (BRC) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1308/20 July 2006) in 
accordance with the requirements of Bank of Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/9 March 2006. The Committee 
has a dual role, having specific competence also over NPLs/NPEs and operating also as the Bank’s special

--- Page 235 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
235 
 
 
Committee that deals with NPLs in accordance with Article 10 paragraph 8 of Greek Law 3864/2010, as in 
force.  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Claude Piret 
Vice Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Member 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Strategy & Transformation Committee 
The Strategy Committee was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1387/29 September 2009) and was 
renamed to Strategy and Transformation Committee by Board Decision (meeting no. 1622/26 July 2018). The 
Committee supports the executive Board members in developing the Group’s strategic options, assists the 
Board in taking decisions on all issues related to the Group strategy and regularly reviews the implementation 
of the Group’s strategy by the Group’s management team.  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Vice Chair 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Compliance, Ethics & Culture Committee 
The Ethics and Culture Committee was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1622/26 July 2018) with 
the purpose of promoting highest standards of ethics and integrity in accordance with international best 
practices and was renamed to Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee by Board Decision in October 2020 
(meeting no. 1685/22 October 2020) with the purpose of adopting a holistic compliance supervisory approach 
at Board level. 
The Compliance, Ethics & Culture Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
Elesa Ana Cernat 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative)

--- Page 236 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
236 
 
 
Innovation and Sustainability Committee 
The Innovation and Sustainability Committee (ISC) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 
1718/24.2.2022), following the elevation of the IT & Innovation Advisory Council (established by the Board 
in January 2021) to a Board Committee and the enhancement of its duties. The purpose of the Committee is to 
support the Board of Directors in ensuring there is continuous monitoring and tracking of important 
developments and long-term trends related to Innovation, Sustainability, Information Technology, ESG and 
Banking, so that the Board possesses the necessary awareness of how the banking/financial sector landscape 
is formed and updated knowledge of the factors that can affect the formulation of the Bank’s long-term 
strategy, its performance/position in the market and the perception stakeholders may have about the Bank. The 
overall objective of the Committee is to act as an out-of-the-box thinker, explorer and incubator of innovative 
ideas and practices and advise the Board/its Committees as may be deemed appropriate. 
The Innovation and Sustainability Committee is comprised of the following members: 
Chair 
JP Rangaswami 
Vice-Chair 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Member 
Athanasios Zarkalis 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF Representative) 
Executive Committees 
Senior Executive Committee 
The Senior Executive Committee was established in 2004 and operates via specific Charter. It is the supreme 
executive body that supports the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank in his duties. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
Member 
Vasileios   Kavalos 
General Manager - Group Treasury and 
Financial Markets 
Member 
Fotini Ioannou  
General Manager – Legacy Portfolio & 
Specialized Asset Solutions 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO

--- Page 237 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
237 
 
 
Member 
Stratos Molyviatis 
General Manager, Chief Operations 
Officer 
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – Transformation, 
Strategy & International Activities 
Member without voting rights 
Panos Dasmanoglou 
General Manager of Group Compliance 
and Corporate Governance 
Member without voting rights 
Georgios Triantafillakis 
General Manager of Group Legal 
Services 
An Extended Executive Committee also operates which, additionally to the above members, is comprised of 
the following members: 
 
Member 
Evi Hatzioannou 
General Manager of Group Human 
Resources 
Member 
Ioannis Kyriakopoulos* 
General Manager, Group Real Estate 
Member 
Chara Dalekou 
General Manager of Group Marketing 
Member 
Kostas Adamopoulos 
Assistant General Manager – Strategic 
Transactions 
Member 
Beate Randulf 
Assistant General Manager – Group Chief 
Control Officer 
* Mr Ioannis Kyriakopoulos participates in the Board of Directors of Athens Exchange Group and Prodea Real 
Estate Investment S.A. (Prodea) 
Asset and Liability Committee 
ALCO was established in 1993. The Committee’s key purpose is to establish the Bank’s and its Group financial 
sector entities’ strategy and policy as to matters relating to the structuring and management of assets and 
liabilities taking into account the current regulatory framework and market conditions, as well as the risk limits 
set by the Bank. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deputy Chairman & 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO

--- Page 238 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
238 
 
 
Member 
Vasileios Kavalos 
General Manager - Group Treasury and 
Financial Markets 
Member 
Fotini Ioannou  
General Manager – Legacy Portfolio & 
Specialized Asset Solutiuons 
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – Transformation, 
Strategy & International Activities 
 
 
 
The Committee convenes regularly once a month or extraordinarily, at the invitation of its Chairman. 
At the invitation of its Chairman, it is possible for other executives of the Bank and the Group to attend its 
meetings. 
The Committee members do not receive any remuneration for their participation in the Committee. 
Senior Credit Committee 
The Senior Credit Committee was established in 2008 and its purpose is the optimisation and the sound 
operation of the risk taking limits. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and Investment Banking 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, Chief Risk 
Officer 
Member 
Constantinos Vossikas 
General Manager, Chief Credit Officer 
* In the case of meetings where issues regarding corporate special assets are discussed, Mrs Fotini Ioannou, 
General Manager - Legacy Portfolio & Specialized Asset Solutiuons, participates in the Committee. 
** In case of impediment or absence of the General Manager – Corporate and Investment Banking, the General 
Manager of Corporate SMEs and Shipping, Mr. Georgios Koutsoudakis, shall participate in the Committee, 
while in case of impediment or absence of the General Manager - Legacy Portfolio & Specialized Asset 
Solutiuons, the Assistant General Manager - Corporate Special Assets, Mr. Dimitris Papadopoulos shall 
participate in the Committee. 
The General Manager of Group Legal Services is invited and attends the meetings of the Committee. 
Provisions and Write Offs Committee 
The Committee was established in 2010. Its purpose is the decision making process on the provisions and write 
offs of Group claims of any nature, which are considered by the Committee to be liable for a loss in value in 
accordance with the relevant “Provisions and Write Offs Policy” of the Group. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 239 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
239 
 
 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, 
Chief Risk Officer 
ESG Management Committee 
The Committee was established in 2021 and operates via a specific Charter. In the context of its strategic 
approach and commitment the Committee’s purpose is to continuously promote sustainable development and 
responsible entrepreneurship. Further, aiming at effective management of ESG, sustainability and sustainable 
financing issues, in line with regulatory requirements and taking into account best practices included in 
international treaties and initiatives, the Bank established the ESG Management Committee to contribute to 
the governance of multiple aspects of NBG’s ESG strategy and implementation 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General Manager 
of Retail Banking 
Member 
Panos Dasmanoglou 
General Manager of Group Compliance and 
Corporate Governance 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, 
Chief Risk Officer 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and Investment 
Banking 
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – Transformation, Strategy & 
International Activities 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Stratos Molyviatis 
General Manager, Chief Operations Officer 
Member 
Evi Hatzioannou 
General Manager of Group Human Resources 
Member 
Ioannis Kyriakopoulos* 
General Manager, Group Real Estate 
Member 
Chara Dalekou 
General Manager of Group Marketing 
* Mr Ioannis Kyriakopoulos participates in the Board of Directors of Athens Exchange Group and Prodea Real 
Estate Investment S.A. (Prodea) 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above and their 
private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 240 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
240 
 
 
Employees 
As at 30 June 2022, the Bank employed a total of 7,366 staff of which 135 are in the Bank’s foreign branches, 
compared to 7,365 and 266 respectively, as at 31 December 2021. Additionally, the Group’s subsidiaries in 
Greece and abroad employed approximately 1,365 (inc. 4 Employees at Representation Office in Melbourne, 
Australia) employees as at 30 June 2022, compared to 2,321 (incl. 3 Employees at Representation Office in 
Melbourne, Australia) as at 31 December 2021.  
Most of the Bank’s employees belong to a union and the Greek banking industry has been subject to strikes 
over the issues of pensions and wages. Bank employees throughout the Hellenic Republic went on strike for 2 
days in 2021 and 3 days in 2022.

--- Page 241 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
 
241 
 
 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative acts and codes applying in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates. 
Further to this, the Group is subject to the European Union regulatory framework and Greek laws and 
regulations and to supervision by the ECB/SSM and the Bank of Greece. 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) 
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 (Regulation 1024/2013) established the SSM for Eurozone credit 
institutions. The SSM maintains an important distinction between significant and non-significant entities, 
which will be subject to differing supervisory regimes. The Bank is included in the list of significant supervised 
entities which the ECB updates and publishes regularly (as at the date of this Supplement, last updated on 1 
July 2022). As a result, the ECB has been granted certain supervisory powers as from 4 November 2014, which 
include: 
 
the authority to grant and revoke authorisations regarding credit institutions; 
 
with respect to credit institutions established in a participating EU member state establishing a branch 
or providing cross border services in EU member states that are not part of the Eurozone, to carry out 
the tasks of the competent authority of the home EU member state; 
 
the power to assess notifications regarding the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings in credit 
institutions; 
 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to provisions regarding requirements on own funds 
securitisation, large exposure limits, liquidity, leverage, as well as on the reporting and public 
disclosure of information on those matters; 
 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to corporate governance, including fit and proper 
requirements for the persons responsible for the management of credit institutions, risk management 
processes, internal control mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices and effective internal 
capital adequacy assessment processes (including internal ratings based models); 
 
the power to carry out supervisory reviews, including, where appropriate and in coordination with the 
EBA, stress tests and supervisory reviews which may lead to the imposition of specific additional own 
funds requirements, specific publication requirements, specific liquidity requirements and other 
measures; 
 
the power to supervise credit institutions on a consolidated group basis, extending supervision over 
parent entities established in one of the EU member states; and 
 
the power to carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, provide early intervention where 
a credit institution or group does not meet or is likely to breach the applicable prudential requirements 
and, only in the cases explicitly permitted under law, implement structural changes to prevent financial 
stress or failure, excluding any resolution powers. 
The SSM framework Regulation 468/2014 (ECB/2014/17) sets out the practical arrangements for the SSM, 
while Regulation 1163/2014 lays down the methodology and procedure regarding the annual supervisory fees 
which are born by the supervised credit institutions.

--- Page 242 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
242 
 
 
In Greece, as an EU member state whose currency is the euro, the ECB exercises its supervisory 
responsibilities in cooperation with the Bank of Greece. The ECB is responsible for the effective and consistent 
functioning of the SSM and exercises oversight over the functioning of the system, based on the distribution 
of responsibilities between the ECB and National Competent Authorities (NCAs), which in Greece is the Bank 
of Greece. To ensure efficient supervision, credit institutions are categorized as “significant” or “less 
significant”: the ECB directly supervises significant banks, whereas the NCAs are in charge of supervising 
less significant banks, with the ECB exercising indirect supervision. The Bank is currently categorised as 
“significant” and is therefore subject to direct supervision by the ECB. The day to day supervision is conducted 
by Joint Supervisory Teams, which comprise staff from both NCAs and the ECB. 
Supervisory Review Evaluation Process 
The Bank is subject to continuous evaluation of its capital adequacy in the context of the SSM and could be 
requested to operate with higher than minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. Such evaluations are 
carried out by the ECB mainly through the SREP.  
Following the completion of SREP for 2021, the ECB notified the Group of its new total SREP capital 
requirement (TSCR), which applies from 1 March 2022. According to this decision, the ECB requires the 
Bank to maintain, on a consolidated and on an individual basis, a TSCR of 11%.  
The TSCR of 11% includes: 
 
the minimum Pillar I own funds requirement of 8% to be maintained at all times in accordance with 
Article 92(1) of the CRR (as defined below), and 
 
an additional Pillar II own funds requirement of 3% to be maintained at all times in accordance with 
Article 16(2)(a) of Regulation 1024/2013, to be made up entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
capital. 
In addition to the TSCR, the Group is also subject to the Overall Capital Requirement (OCR). The OCR 
consists of TSCR and the combined buffer requirement as defined in point (6) of Article 128 of the CRD IV 
Directive (as defined below).  
The combined buffer requirement is defined as the sum of: 
 
a capital conservation buffer (the Capital Conservation Buffer); 
 
the institution specific Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CcyB); and 
 
the systemic risk buffer (Systemic Risk Buffer) / systemically important institutions buffer 
(Systemically Important Institutions Buffer), as applicable. 
The Capital Conservation Buffer was 2.5% for 2022 for all banks in the EU.  
The CcyB is implemented as an extension of the Capital Conservation Buffer and has the primary objective of 
protecting the banking sector from periods of excess aggregate credit growth that have often been associated 
with the build-up of system-wide risk. It is calculated as the weighted average of the buffers in effect in the 
jurisdictions to which a credit institution has significant credit exposures. Bank of Greece defined its 
methodology for determining the CcyB in 2015 and consecutively set the CcyB at 0% for Greece throughout 
2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 (Bank of Greece Acts 55/2015, 83/2016, 97/2016, 103/2016, 
107/2016, 115/2017, 119/2017, 122/2017, 127/2017,135/2018, 143/2018, 148/2018, 152/2018, 156/2019, 
159/2019, 161/2019, 164/2019, 167/2020, 173/2020, 177/2020, 180/2021, 186/2021, 190/2021, 193/2021, and 
202/2022). The CcyB is also currently 0% in all other countries in which the Group has significant exposures. 
Thus, the institution specific CcyB for the Group is currently 0%.

--- Page 243 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
243 
 
 
For O-SIIs an additional capital buffer is applied, which was 0.25% for 2019, 0.50% for 2020, 0.50% for 2021, 
0.75% for 2022 for all four credit institutions that were characterised as O-SIIs in Greece (including the Bank) 
(Bank of Greece, Executive Committee Act no 151/30.10.2018, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no 
163/1/1.11.2019, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no 174/26.6.2020, Bank of Greece, Executive 
Committee Act no 195/29.11.2021, and Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no. 212/21.09.2022) and 
was set at 1.00% for 2023. See further “Capital Requirements/Supervision” below. 
Following the completion of the 2021 SREP cycle, in February 2022 the Bank received the final SREP 
Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2022. In particular based on 2021 
SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2022 remained stable at 3%, but OCR increased to 14.25% (from 
14.00% in 2021) due to the phase-in of the O-SII buffer (0.25%). However, due to the reduction in Pillar 2 
Guidance (P2G) by 25bps for 2022 (1.75% for 2022 vs. 2.00% in 2021), the OCR + P2G capital requirements 
remained at 16.00%, which is the same level as 2021.  
2022 ECB CLIMATE RISK STRESS TEST 
NBG successfully completed the 2022 Climate Risk Stress Test led by the ECB under common methodological 
rules and scenario assumptions, in which 104 significant banks participated. 
The Exercise was primarily prescribed by ECB as one of pivotal, but also mutually learning nature for all 
participating Banks and Supervisors, forming part of the green transition roadmap and effective management 
of climate risks. In this context, the 2022 Climate risk Stress Test did not constitute a solvency exercise; its 
outcome is prescribed as informative to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) from a 
qualitative perspective, without a direct impact on capital through the Pillar 2 guidance.  
NBG’s overall performance was in line with the average of the EU-wide participating institutions. In terms of 
advancement in the internal climate stress-testing capabilities (qualitative part of the Exercise), the Bank 
ranked above the average of Total EU sample at Medium-Advance level, while in the domestic banking sector, 
NBG’s overall transition impact on Business Model viability was assessed as of relatively lower risk 
(Advanced scoring).  
The 2022 Climate Stress test outcome reflects the firm commitment and progress made by NBG, setting the 
basis for an effective climate risk management framework and timely adaptation of processes and strategies, 
including via ambitious plans for substantial investment in human and technical capabilities.  
2023 EU WIDE STRESS TEST 
The EBA published on November 4th, 2022, the final methodology, draft templates and template guidance for 
the 2023 EU-wide stress test along with the milestone dates for the exercise. As previously conducted, ECB 
will run two stress-testing exercises in 2023 – the EBA EU-wide Stress Test and the SSM Stress Test aiming 
to assess the resilience of EU banks to a common set of adverse economic developments, in order to identify 
potential risks, inform supervisory decisions and increase market discipline. NBG will participate in the 2023 
ST as part of the EBA sample of Institutions. 
The 2023 EU-wide stress test uses a constrained bottom-up approach with some top-down elements, based on 
the assumption that balance sheets remain constant. Focus is on the assessment of the impact of adverse shocks 
on banks’ solvency, thus banks are required to estimate the evolution of a common set of risks (credit, market, 
counterparty, and operational risk) under an adverse scenario and are also asked to project the impact of the 
scenarios on main income sources. 
The launch of the exercise is scheduled for January 2023 with the publication of the macroeconomic scenarios 
and the execution period is envisaged to last until Q3. The results of the exercise are expected to be published 
and factored into the bank’s overall assessment within the 2023 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
(SREP).

--- Page 244 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
244 
 
 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the SRM Regulation) establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for 
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism (SRM) and the Fund. The SRM Regulation establishing a SRM for the Banking Union (as defined 
by the European Commission) entered into force on 19 August 2014. On 1 January 2016, the SRM became 
fully operational.   
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need additional 
capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks supervised by the SSM, 
including the Bank. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established under the SRM Regulation will 
be applied by a single resolution board (the Single Resolution Board or the SRB) together with the EU 
Council and the European Commission and the national resolution authorities within the framework of the 
SRM. The Single Resolution Board shall have available the same range of tools as are available under the 
BRRD as described below. The SRM will be supported by the Fund. In the Banking Union, the national 
resolution funds set up under the BRRD were superseded by the Fund as at 1 January 2016 and those funds 
will be pooled together gradually. Therefore, as at 2016, the Single Resolution Board, calculates the annual 
contributions of all institutions authorized in the Member States participating in the SSM and the SRM. The 
European banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The Council Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/81 
provides for an adjustment mechanism to avoid distortions between institutions and achieve a balanced 
distribution of contributions between the different types of institutions. This Regulation lays down rules 
specifying the conditions for implementing of the obligation of the SRB to calculate the contributions for 
individual institutions pursuant to the SRM Regulation to the Fund and the methodology for the calculation of 
those contributions, introducing also by derogation of the general methodology an adjusted methodology for 
an initial transitional period of eight years by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. In May 
2017 European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/747 of 17 December 2015 entered into force, 
providing for criteria relating to the calculation of ex ante contributions, and the circumstances and conditions 
under which the payment of extraordinary ex post contributions to the Fund may be partially or entirely 
deferred. 
The SRM works as follows: 
 
The SSM, as the supervisor, would signal when a bank in the euro area or established in an EU member 
state participating in the Banking Union is in severe financial difficulties and needs to be resolved. 
 
The Single Resolution Board, the ECB and the European Commission, will carry out specific tasks to 
prepare for and carry out the resolution of a bank that is failing or likely to fail. The SRB decides 
whether and when to place a bank into resolution and sets out, in the resolution scheme, a framework 
for the use of resolution tools and the potential use of the Fund. The SRB is responsible for the effective 
and consistent functioning of the SRM and shall only use the Fund for the purpose of ensuring the 
efficient application of the resolution tools and exercise of resolution powers. The SRB is the owner 
of the Fund. 
 
The resolution scheme can then be approved or rejected by the European Commission or, in certain 
circumstances, by the Council within 24 hours. 
 
Under the supervision of the SRB, national resolution authorities will be in charge of the execution of 
the resolution scheme. 
 
The SRB oversees the resolution. It monitors the execution at national level by the national resolution 
authorities and, should a national resolution authority not comply with its decision, directly addresses 
executive orders to the troubled banks.

--- Page 245 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
245 
 
 
The Fund was set up under the control of the SRB. It will ensure the availability of funding support while the 
bank is resolved. The European banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The Fund can only contribute 
to resolution if at least 8% of the total liabilities and own funds of the bank have been written down or converted 
into equity. 
The SRM II Regulation amended the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. This Regulation applies from 28 December 2020. The 
SRB and national resolution authorities should ensure that institutions and entities have sufficient loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity to ensure a smooth and fast absorption of losses and recapitalisation in 
the event of resolution, with a minimum impact on taxpayers and financial stability. That should be achieved 
through compliance by institutions with an institution-specific MREL as set out in the SRM Regulation. 
Among the new provisions are included the following: 
 
In order to align denominators that measure the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
institutions and entities with those provided for in the TLAC (Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity) 
standard, the MREL should be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and of the 
total exposure measure of the relevant institution or entity, and institutions or entities should meet 
simultaneously the levels resulting from the two measurements. 
 
The SRB, after consulting the competent authorities, including the ECB, shall determine the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, subject to write-down and conversion powers, 
which are to be met at all times by the entities and groups when the conditions for the application are 
met. 
Capital Requirements/Supervision 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee issued two prudential framework documents (“Basel III: A global 
regulatory framework for more resilient credit institutions and banking systems”, and “Basel III: International 
framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring”) which contain the Basel III capital and 
liquidity reform package (Basel III).  
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
financial holding companies, credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD IV Directive), which has been 
transposed into Greek legislation by the CRD Law, and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR 
and together with the CRD IV Directive, CRD IV) which is legally binding and directly applicable in all EU 
member states. Implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a 
period of time, mainly until 2019.  
Some major points of the framework include: 
 
Quality and Quantity of Capital.  CRD IV revised the definition of regulatory capital and its 
components at each capital instrument level. It also imposed a minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% and Tier 
1 Ratio of 6.0%, and introduced a requirement for Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments 
“own funds” to have loss absorbing features allowing them to be written off or converted on the 
occurrence of a bail in of the institution;  
 
Capital Buffer Requirements.  In addition to the minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% credit institutions will 
have to hold the following CET1 capital buffers as fixed by the relevant authorities: 
– 
A Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% that is applied gradually between 2016 and 2019 with 
an annual step up of 0.625%. In case of non-compliance the regulator will impose the

--- Page 246 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
246 
 
 
constraints on dividends distribution and executive bonuses inversely proportional to the level 
of the actual CET1 ratio. 
– 
A CCyB ranging between 0% and 2.5% depending on macroeconomic factors. This buffer is 
also applied gradually from 2016 to 2019 having a range of 0%-0.625% for 2016, 0%-1.25% 
for 2017, 0%-1.875% for 2018 and 0%-2.5% for 2019. Bank of Greece specified the CCyB at 
0% for Greece for all quarters of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 (the CCyB is 
currently set at 0% by the competent authorities of all countries in which the Group has 
significant exposures.) 
– 
A Systemic Risk Buffer of at least 1% made up of CET1 instruments set at the discretion of 
national authorities of EU member states to be applied to institutions at consolidated or solo 
level, or even at the level of exposures in certain countries at which a banking group operates. 
Bank of Greece has not used this macro prudential instrument thus far. 
– 
A Systemically Important Institutions Buffer. For globally systemically important institutions 
the additional buffer ranges between 1% and 3.5%, whereas for O SIIs it could reach 2%. 
Bank of Greece specified a 0% capital buffer for 2016, 2017 and 2018 for all four institutions 
in Greece that were characterized as O SIIs (including the Bank). However, starting from 
2019, a buffer of 1% was gradually phased in for the Bank during a five-year period (2019: 
0.25%, 2020: 0.5%, 2021: 0.50%, 2022: 0.75%, 2023: 1.00%).  
 
Deductions from Common Equity Tier 1.  CRD IV revised the definition of items that should be 
deducted from regulatory capital. In addition, most of the items that were required to be deducted from 
regulatory capital are now deducted in whole from the CET1 component; 
 
Central Counterparties.  To address the systemic risk arising from the interconnectedness of credit 
institutions and other financial institutions through the derivatives markets, the new framework is 
supporting the efforts of the committee on payments and settlement systems and International 
Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) to establish strong standards for financial market 
infrastructures, including central counterparties (CCPs). A 2.0% risk weight factor is introduced to 
certain trade exposures to qualifying CCPs (replacing the current 0% risk weighting). The 
capitalization of credit institution exposures to CCPs will be based in part on the compliance of the 
CCP with the IOSCO standards (since non-compliant CCPs will be treated as bilateral exposures and 
will not receive the preferential capital treatment referred to above); 
 
Counterparty Credit Risk.  CRD IV is raising counterparty credit risk management standards in a 
number of areas, including for the treatment of so-called wrong way risk, i.e., cases where the exposure 
increases when the credit quality of the counterparty deteriorates. For example, the proposal includes 
a capital charge for potential mark to market losses associated with a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness of a counterparty (i.e. CVA risk) and the calculation of expected positive exposure 
by taking into account stressed parameters; 
 
Leverage Ratio. CRD IV introduced an unweighted Tier I leverage ratio (the Leverage Ratio) that 
applies for all credit institutions as part of the Pillar II framework from 1 January 2013. The ratio has 
migrated to a Pillar I minimum requirement now that CRR II (as defined below) has entered into force; 
 
Liquidity Requirements.  CRR II defines the LCR and NSFR regulatory metrics for liquidity risk 
managmenet and sets their minimum requirement at 100%. LCR defines the amount of unencumbered, 
high quality liquid assets that must be held by a credit institution to offset estimated net cash outflows 
over a 30-day stress scenario, and NSFR, defines the amount of longer term, stable funding that must 
be held by a credit institution over a one-year timeframe based on liquidity risk factors assigned to 
assets and off balance sheet exposures; and

--- Page 247 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
247 
 
 
 
Maximum Distributable Amount. Pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD Law, the Bank may not make 
discretionary payments (as defined in the CRD Law), beyond the Maximum Distributable Amount.  
It should be noted that Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amended Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. This Regulation 
applies from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions. 
In addition to CRD IV, the EBA produces a number of binding technical standards, guidelines and 
recommendations for its implementation. The EBA published on 21 November 2019 a set of roadmaps 
outlining its approach and timelines for delivering the mandates stemming from the above regulatory texts 
published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019. These mandates are mainly focused in the areas of governance 
and remuneration, large exposures, resolution as well as reporting and disclosure. 
Together with Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 (see 
below “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”) CRD IV forms the common financial regulatory framework 
in the EU, also known as ‘the Single Rulebook’. 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel III and CRD 
IV, there are several new global initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which represent additional 
regulatory pressure over the medium term and will impact the EU’s future regulatory direction. These 
initiatives include, among others, the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014), applicable since 3 January 2018 and a revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU) transposed into national legislation by Greek Law 4514/2018 published in 
Government Gazette Issue A No.14 of 30 January 2018. 
In addition, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments 
to the CRR, CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (together, the EC Proposals), which 
proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process prior to formal approval of the final text by 
the European Council in May 2019. The final text was published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. Among other things, these proposals aim to implement 
a number of new Basel standards (such as the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, market risk rules and 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities) and to transpose the Financial Stability Board’s Total Loss 
Absorbing Capacity termsheet into European law. The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended by 
the CRD V Directive and the CRR has subsequently been amended by the CRR II. The CRD V Directive and 
the CRR II were both published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into 
force on 27 June 2019. Member States had to adopt and publish, by 28 December 2020, the measures necessary 
to comply with CRD V with certain exceptions. As of 18 May 2021, Greek Law 4799/2021 came into force, 
transposing the CRD V Directive into Greek law. CRR II applies from 28 June 2021 subject to certain 
exceptions. CRR II is directly applicable to the Bank. 
Solvency II 
As at 1 January 2016, Greek Law 4364/2016 came into force, replacing the previously existing Presidential 
Decree 400/70 and establishing in Greece the new Solvency II framework as detailed in Directive 
2009/138/EC, which is a fundamental revision of the capital adequacy regime for the European insurance 
sector business. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms (the BRRD). It establishes a harmonized framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions

--- Page 248 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
248 
 
 
and investment firms incorporated under the laws and licensed by the competent authorities of any of the EU 
member states. Directive (EU) 2017/2399, which was transposed into Greek Law by Law 4583/2018 
(published in the Government Gazette Issue A No. 212/18.12.2018), amended BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The BRRD has been subsequently amended by the 
publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the 
BRRD II). Member States had to adopt and put into force the measures necessary to comply with BRRD II 
by 28 December 2020. As of 17 May 2021, with few exceptions, Greek Law 4799/2021 came into force, 
transposing the BRRD II into Greek law. 
By virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015 (the BRR Law), as amended, inter alia, by Greek Law 4799/2021 and 
Law 4920/2022, and in particular Article 2 “Recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
and other provisions”, the BRRD was transposed into Greek Law and the Bank of Greece has been designated 
as the national resolution authority empowered to apply the resolution tools and exercise the resolution powers 
(the National Resolution Authority). Greek Law 4335/2015 provides among others for the following: 
(a) 
Preparation and planning stage: Preparation for adopting measures of recovery and resolution, 
including (a) drawing up and submitting recovery plans by credit institutions to the competent 
authority for evaluation, which provide the measures to be taken for restoring their financial position 
following a significant deterioration of their financial position and (b) drawing up of a resolution plan 
by the National Resolution Authority for each credit institution. 
The Bank of Greece has specified the information to be included in the recovery plans. In particular, 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No 99/18.7.2016 clarifies the information to be provided 
in the recovery plans and provides qualitative and quantitative recovery plan indicators. Moreover, 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No 98/18.7.2016 specifies the range of scenarios to be used 
in recovery plans. 
(b) 
Early Intervention stage: When the institution infringes its licensing and operational requirements 
or it is likely to infringe them in the near future due to rapid deterioration of its financial condition, 
the BRR Law the competent authority shall have at its disposal at least the following: 
(i) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution updates the recovery plan and/or 
implement one or more of the measures provided in the recovery plan, 
(ii) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution examines the situation, identifies 
measures to overcome any problems identified and draws up an action plan to overcome those 
problems, within a specific timeline, 
(iii) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution convenes a general meeting of its 
shareholders or, in case the board of directors does not comply, promptly convenes itself a 
general meeting of the shareholders of the credit institution, and in both cases sets the agenda 
and require certain decisions to be considered for adoption by the shareholders; 
(iv) 
requires that one or more members of the board of directors or senior management be removed 
or replaced if they are considered unfit to perform their duties, 
(v) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution draws up and submits for 
consultation a plan for debt restructuring with one or all of its creditors according to the 
recovery plan, where applicable,  
(vi) 
requires the updating of the business strategy of the credit institution, 
(vii) 
requires changes in the legal or business structures of the credit institutions, and

--- Page 249 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
249 
 
 
(viii) 
collects (through, inter alia, on-site inspections) and transmits to the National Resolution 
Authority all necessary information for the update of the resolution plan and the preparation 
of the potential resolution of the credit institution and the valuation of its assets and liabilities 
for the resolution purposes.  
Resolution measures: The SRB is the resolution authority for significant banking groups whose parent entity 
is located in the Banking Union. Together with national resolution authorities it forms the SRM. Where, 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the SRB performs tasks and exercises powers which, pursuant to the BRRD, 
are to be performed or executed by the national resolution authority, the Board, shall, for the application of the 
SRM Regulation and of the BRRD, be considered to be the relevant national resolution authority or, in the 
event cross-border group resolution, the relevant group level resolution authority. 
The SRB shall take action only if all of the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
the institution is failing or is likely to fail, 
(b) 
no alternative private sector measure, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures, 
would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe, and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
Before proceeding to resolution measures, the SRB shall ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of 
the assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out. 
The Board of Directors must notify immediately the ECB, as Competent Authority, in cases that an institution 
is failing or likely to fail. The EBA Guidelines on “the interpretation of the different circumstances when an 
institution shall be considered as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications on the cases where an institution 
is assessed as “failing or likely to fail”. 
The resolution measures that may be implemented either individually or in conjunction (save for the asset 
separation tool, which may only be applied in conjunction with another resolution tool), are the following: 
 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser who is not a bridge institution, of shares or other 
instruments of ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, namely 
rights, obligations and contractual relationships, without the consent of the shareholders of the 
institution under resolution or of any third party other than the acquirer. 
 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution to which shares or other instruments of 
ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, namely rights, obligations 
and contractual relationships, are transferred without the consent of the shareholders of the institution 
under resolution or of any third party. 
 
Asset separation tool: transfer of assets, namely rights, obligations and contractual relationships, of an 
institution under resolution or of a bridge institution to one or more asset management companies, 
without the consent of the shareholders of the institutions under resolution or of any third party other 
than the bridge institution. The asset management companies are legal persons owned in total or 
partially or controlled by one or more authorities, including the Fund or the National Resolution 
Authority. 
 
Bail in tool write-down or conversion of any obligations of an institution that meets the resolution 
conditions, except for the cases prescribed by BRRD. 
When using the bail-in tool, the relevant resolution authority must write down or convert obligations of the 
entity under resolution in the following order:

--- Page 250 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
250 
 
 
(i) 
CET1;  
(ii) 
AT1 instruments;  
(iii) 
T2 instruments;  
(iv) 
other subordinated debt, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings; and  
(v) 
other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings.  
The above obligations do not include liabilities expressly excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool 
by operation of Article 44 of the BRR Law, including, inter alia, covered deposits and secured 
liabilities (including covered bonds).  
The ranking of liabilities in the case of special liquidation proceedings against a credit institution are 
provided for by Article 145A of the CRD Law, as follows:  
(a) 
claims deriving from the provision of employment services and legal fees to the extent that 
the claims arose during the two years prior to the opening of special liquidation proceedings 
under Greek law 4261/2014, as well as employees’ and in-house lawyers’ claims deriving 
from the termination of their employment/mandate, irrespective of the point at which such 
claims arose, claims of the Greek state for value added tax and other taxes aggregated with 
any surcharges and interest accrued, and claims of social security organizations; 
(b) 
Greek State claims arising in case of application of internal Articles 57 or 58 of Article 2 of 
the BRR Law referring to financial stabilization tools; 
(c) 
claims deriving from guaranteed deposits or claims of the Hellenic Deposit and Investment 
Guarantee Fund (HDIGF), the latter assuming the depositors’ rights and obligations, who 
have been compensated by the HDIGF, and for the amount of such compensation or claims of 
the HDIGF due to the use of the Deposit Cover Scheme (DCS) in the context of resolution 
under Article 104 of BRR Law; 
(d) 
any type of Greek State claim aggregated with any surcharges and interest charged on these 
claims; 
(e) 
the following claims: 
(A) 
Claims of the Resolution Fund pursuant to internal Article 98, par. 6, of the BRR Law, 
in case of provision of financing to the institution in the context of the fulfilment of 
the obligations of the Resolution Fund, as per the specific provisions of internal 
Article 95, par. 2, of the BRR Law; and 
(B) 
Claims deriving from eligible deposits of natural persons and micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises to the extent that they exceed the coverage threshold for 
deposits pursuant to Article 9 of Law 4370/2016, and claims deriving from deposits 
of natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises that would be 
eligible deposits if such deposits have not been made through third country (non-EU) 
branches of EU credit institutions. 
(f) 
Claims deriving from investment services that are covered by the HDIGF within the meaning 
of Articles 12 and 13 of Law 4370/2016 or claims of the HDIGF, the latter assuming the rights

--- Page 251 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
251 
 
 
and obligations of investor clients, who have been compensated by the HDIGF, and for the 
amount of such compensation; 
(g) 
claims deriving from eligible deposits to the extent that they exceed the coverage limit and do 
not fall under (e) above; 
(h) 
claims deriving from deposits exempted from compensation in accordance with Article 12 of 
Law 4370/2016, excluding claims deriving from transactions of investors for which a final 
court decision has been issued for a penal violation of AML/CTF rules; and   
(i) 
without prejudice to points j) and k) below, other claims that do not fall within the above listed 
points and are not subordinated claims as per the relevant agreement, including but not limited 
to, liabilities under loan agreements and other credit agreements, agreements for the supply of 
goods or for the provision of services or from derivatives, claims deriving from debt 
instruments issued by the credit institution, claims deriving from guarantees granted by the 
credit institution in relation to debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by 
paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have 
their registered seat in Greece or abroad, as well as claims of such subsidiaries, when their 
claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit institution in question, by virtue 
of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments by the subsidiaries is on lent to 
or deposited with the relevant credit institution. In the case of such a deposit by such a 
subsidiary, this paragraph applies in relation to that part of the deposit for which subparagraph 
(c) of this paragraph does not apply. 
(j) 
claims deriving from debt instruments issued by the credit institution that meet the following 
conditions: (aa) the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one (1) 
year; (bb) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they are not themselves 
derivatives, and the debt instruments are not considered to contain embedded derivatives 
solely on the basis that they have floating interest based on a widely used reference interest 
rate or on the basis that they are denominated in a foreign currency, provided that the principal, 
the repayment and the interest are in the same currency; and (cc) the relevant contractual 
documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance and the 
distribution thereof explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for in the present point. 
In addition, this paragraph applies to claims deriving from guarantees granted by the credit 
institution in relation to debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by paragraph 2 
of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have their registered 
seat in Greece or abroad, that meet the above conditions under (aa) to (cc), as well as claims 
of such subsidiaries, when their claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit 
institution in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments 
by the subsidiaries is on lent to or deposited with the relevant credit institution. In the case of 
such a deposit by such a subsidiary, the previous sentence applies in relation to that part of the 
deposit for which subparagraph (c) of this paragraph does not apply. 
(k) 
Claims deriving from subordinated debt instruments or Tier 2 instruments or hybrid securities 
or Additional Tier 1 instruments or preferential shares or common shares, common equity tier 
1 instruments issued by the credit institution, applying the different ranking between the 
different categories of claims that fall within this instance. In addition, this paragraph applies 
to claims deriving from guarantees granted by the credit institution in relation to debt 
instruments of lower ranking or hybrid securities or other securities included in the above 
categories issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 
4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have their registered seat in Greece or 
abroad, when such claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit institution 
in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments or hybrid 
securities or other securities included in the above categories issued by its subsidiaries. In the

--- Page 252 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
252 
 
 
case of such a deposit by such a subsidiary, the previous sentence applies in relation to that 
part of the deposit for which subparagraph (c) of this paragraph does not apply.  
The claims under points (A) and (B) of case (e) above are satisfied pro rata. As for the rest, the provisions of 
Articles 975 to 978 of the Greek Code of Civil Procedure shall apply by way of analogy. 
Further to the above resolution tools, the SRB is entitled to decide on the exercise of the write-down or 
conversion powers in respect of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments, as well as eligible liabilities 
of the institution, either independently or in combination with the resolution tools, under the circumstances 
provided by the law, for example when it is established that the conditions for resolution are met or when the 
competent authority establishes that if the said power is not exercised, the institution will cease to be viable. 
If an institution meets the requirements for resolution and the SRB decides to implement a resolution tool, then 
the exercise of the above power is required. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the following EU Regulations have been issued: 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 specifies further the circumstances where 
exclusion from the application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary.  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1401 established regulatory technical standards for 
methodologies and principles on the valuation of liabilities arising from derivatives.  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/867 on classes of arrangements to be protected in a 
partial property transfer. 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 with regard to regulatory technical standards 
specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the MREL to be set by resolution 
authorities in order to determine the loss absorption amount which the institution or group should be 
capable of absorbing. 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1075 regarding regulatory technical standards 
specifying the content of recovery plans, resolution plans and group resolution plans, the minimum 
criteria that the competent authority is to assess as regards recovery plans and group recovery plans, 
the conditions for group financial support, the requirements for independent valuers, the contractual 
recognition of write-down and conversion powers, the procedures and contents of notification 
requirements and of notice of suspension and the operational functioning of the resolution colleges.  
 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/911 provided implementing technical standards 
with regard to the form and the content of the description of group financial support agreements. In 
the same context Executive Committee Act 131/23.01.2018 of Bank of Greece specifies the conditions 
for the group financial support. 
Use of public funds in the context of the resolution framework 
In cases of an exceptional systemic crisis, extraordinary public financial support may be provided with respect 
to institutions meeting the conditions for resolution. Extraordinary public financial support is provided under 
strict conditions by virtue of a decision of the Greek Minister of Finance, following a recommendation of the 
Systemic Stability Board of the Greek Ministry of Finance and a consultation with the resolution authority, 
through public financial stabilisation tools as a last resort and only after having assessed and utilised, to the 
maximum extent, the other resolution tools, in order to avoid, through the direct intervention, the winding-up 
of the said institutions and in order for the resolution purposes to be accomplished. The public financial 
stabilisation tools are:

--- Page 253 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
253 
 
 
(a) 
public capital support provided by the Greek Ministry of Finance or by the HFSF following a decision 
by the Greek Minister of Finance; and 
(b) 
temporary public ownership of the institution, i.e. the transfer of the shares of an institution to a 
transferee of the Hellenic Republic or a company which is fully owned and controlled by the Hellenic 
Republic. 
The following conditions must be cumulatively met in order for the public financial stabilisation tools to be 
implemented: 
i. 
the institution meets the conditions for resolution; 
ii. 
the shareholders, owners of other instruments of ownership, holders of relevant capital instruments 
and other bail-inable liabilities have contributed, through conversion, write-down or by any other 
means, to the absorption of losses and the recapitalization by an amount equal to at least 8% of the 
total liabilities, including own funds of the institution under resolution, calculated at the time of the 
resolution action in accordance with the valuation conducted, and 
iii. 
prior and final approval by the European Commission regarding the EU State aid framework for the 
use of the chosen tool has been granted.  
In addition to the above, for the provision of public financial support, one of the following conditions must be 
met: 
i. 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to avoid a significant adverse effect on the 
financial stability;  
ii. 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to protect the public interest, where 
extraordinary liquidity assistance from the central bank has previously been given to the institution; 
and  
iii. 
in respect of the temporary public ownership tool, the application of the resolution tools would not 
suffice to protect the public interest, where public equity support through the equity support tool has 
previously been given to the institution.  
Use of public funds outside the resolution framework 
By way of exception, extraordinary public financial support may be granted to a credit institution in the form 
of an injection of own funds or purchase of capital instruments without the involvement of resolution measures, 
under the following cumulative conditions: 
 
in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of an EU member state and preserve financial 
stability; 
 
to a solvent credit institution in order to address a capital shortfall identified in a stress test, assets 
quality reviews or equivalent exercises; 
 
at prices and on terms that do not confer an advantage upon the institution; 
 
on a precautionary and temporary basis;  
 
subject to final approval of the European Commission;  
 
not to be used to offset losses that the institution has incurred or is likely to incur in the near future;

--- Page 254 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
254 
 
 
 
the credit institution has not infringed and there are no objective elements to support that the credit 
institution will, in the near future, infringe its authorization requirements in a way that would justify 
the withdrawal of its authorization; 
 
the assets of the credit institution are not and there are no objective elements to support that the assets 
of the credit institution will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
 
the credit institution is not and there are no objective elements to support that the credit institution will 
be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they fall due; and 
 
the circumstances for the exercise of the write-down or conversion powers in respect of Additional 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments of the institution do not apply. 
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments repealing MiFID I (MiFID II) was transposed into 
Greek law by Law 4514/2018, as amended, inter alia, by Greek Law 4920/2022. 
MiFID II together with Regulation (EU) 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments (MiFIR) introduced 
the new framework on financial markets. Both documents aim to have more efficient, resilient and transparent 
markets.  
In particular, MiFID II introduced rules, inter alia, on high frequency trading, improves the transparency and 
oversight of financial markets, including derivatives markets, and addresses the issue of excessive price 
volatility in commodity derivatives markets. Furthermore, it expands supervision to all financial instruments 
admitted to trading, over-the-counter transactions and trading venues.  
MiFID II also enhanced investor protection by introducing new product governance requirements and more 
stringent organisational and business conduct requirements. 
MiFID II empowered the European Commission to adopt delegated and implementing acts to specify how 
competent authorities and market participants shall comply with the obligations laid down in the directive. 
The Greek Regulatory Framework 
The CRD IV framework, comprising CRD IV Directive (as transposed into Greek law by way of the Greek 
Law 4261/2014 on access to the activity of credit institutions) and the CRR on the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms establishes the regulatory framework which governs the operation and 
supervision of credit institutions in the European Union. The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been 
amended by the CRD V Directive and the CRR has subsequently been amended by the CRR II. The CRD V 
Directive and CRR II were both published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and 
entered into force on 27 June 2019. CRR II is directly applicable to the Bank and applies from 28 June 2021, 
subject to certain exceptions. The Member States had to adopt and publish by 28 December 2020 the measures 
necessary to comply with the CRD V Directive, with certain exceptions. As of 18 May 2021, Greek Law 
4799/2021 came into force, transposing the CRD V Directive into Greek law. 
The Greek Law 4261/2014, as amended by Greek Law 4799/2021 and subsequently by Law 4920/2022 and 
Law 4949/2022, replaced Greek Law 3601/2007. According to Article 166 of Greek Law 4261/2014, 
regulatory decisions issued by ministers or competent authorities by virtue of Greek Law 3601/2007 remain 
in force as long as they are not contrary to the provisions of the CRD Law or Regulation No. 575/2013/EC and 
until replaced by new regulatory acts under Greek Law 4261/2014. 
Under the current regulatory framework, credit institutions operating in Greece are, among others, required to:

--- Page 255 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
255 
 
 
 
observe the liquidity ratios prescribed by Regulation No. 575/2013/EC and relevant acts of the 
Governor of the Bank of Greece or the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece, to the extent that 
(according to Article 166 of Greek Law 4261/2014) such acts are not contrary to the provisions of the 
CRD Law or the CRR and until replaced by new regulatory acts issued under Greek Law 4261/2014; 
 
observe the own funds requirements and calculation rules provided for by Regulation 
No. 575/2013/EC, Decision No. 114/1/4.8.2014 of the Credit and Insurance Committee Decisions as 
in force and Decision No. 191/1/23.07.2021 of the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece; 
 
maintain efficient and independent internal audit, compliance and risk management systems and 
procedures (Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2577/2006, as supplemented and amended by 
subsequent decisions of the Governor of the Bank of Greece and of the Banking and Credit Committee 
of the Bank of Greece). The Monitoring Trustee mandate and the Relationship Framework Agreement 
also include provisions regarding the maintenance of such systems and procedures; 
 
submit to the Bank of Greece periodic reports and statements required under Bank of Greece Governor 
Act No. 2651/2012, as amended and currently applicable and other relevant Acts of the Governor of 
the Bank of Greece; 
 
disclose data regarding the credit institution’s financial position and the risk management policy; 
 
provide the Bank of Greece any other information requested; 
 
in connection with certain operations or activities, notify or request the prior approval of the Bank of 
Greece/SSM, in each case in accordance with the applicable laws of Greece and the relevant acts, 
decisions and circulars of the Bank of Greece and the European regulatory framework; and 
 
permit the Bank of Greece to conduct audits and inspect books and records of the credit institution, in 
accordance with Greek law (including Greek Law 4261/2014) and certain Bank of Greece Governor’s 
Acts; 
If a credit institution breaches any law or a regulation falling within the scope of the supervisory power 
attributed to the Bank of Greece, the Bank of Greece is empowered, among others, to: 
 
require the relevant bank to take appropriate measures to remedy the breach; 
 
impose fines (Article 55A of the Articles of Association of the Bank of Greece, as ratified by Law 
2832/2000 and as amended by Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2602/2008), and provisions of Law 
4261/2014; and 
 
revoke, in cooperation with the ECB according to Regulation 1024/2013, the license of the bank.  
In the context of the SSM, the ECB and the NCAs (the Bank of Greece in Greece), Regulation 1024/2013 
stipulates the supervisory tasks conferred upon the SSM and Regulation (EU) 468/2014 determines the 
framework of cooperation within the SSM. 
The regulatory framework applicable to the Bank has been also affected by the establishment of the HFSF and 
the recapitalization framework. Moreover, Regulation (EU) 2016/445 specifies certain of the options and 
discretions conferred on competent authorities under Union law concerning prudential requirements for credit 
institutions that the ECB is exercising. The ECB on 28 March 2022 updated its harmonised policies for 
exercising the options and discretions that it is allowed to exercise under European Union law when 
supervising banks, following a public consultation which ended on 30 August 2021. In this context, the 
abovementioned Regulation has been subsequently amended by Regulation (EU) 2022/504. Regulation (EU)

--- Page 256 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
256 
 
 
2016/445 was further specified by the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece (Decision No. 
125/31.10.2017 as amended by Decision No. 191/1/23.07.2021).  
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund – The Greek Recapitalisation Framework 
Formation of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund  
The HFSF was established by Greek Law 3864/2010 (the HFSF Law), as a private law entity, to which the 
provisions of the Corporate Law including, inter alia, with respect to voting rights, are applicable on an 
ancillary basis, with capital funded by the Greek government out of the resources made available by the EU 
and the IMF to ensure adequate capitalization of the Greek banking system. Additionally, Greek Law 
4389/2016 (Article 188) prescribes HFSF as a subsidiary of Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations. 
It should be noted that Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations does not belong to the Greek public 
sector. A recent amendment of the HFSF Law by means of Greek Law 4941/2022 has introduced significant 
changes to HFSF’s competencies. These changes include, indicatively, the addition of detailed provisions 
related to HFSF’s divestment strategy, the extension of the scope of the HFSF’s voting rights, as well as 
changes to the HFSF representative’s rights, some of which have been repealed and others amended.      
The purpose of the HFSF, according to the HFSF Law, is to maintain the stability of the Greek banking system 
for protection of the public interest and to effectively divest the shares or other financial instruments of credit 
institutions that it holds, on the basis of its divestment strategy which does not, in principle, extend further 
than its duration. The duration of the HFSF has been set until and including 31 December 2025.  
Relationship Framework Agreement  
Following the participation of the HFSF in the Bank’s share capital in 2013, the Bank and the HFSF entered 
into a relationship framework agreement. In connection with its receipt of State Aid as part of its 
recapitalization in December 2015, the Bank entered into a revised relationship framework agreement with the 
HFSF dated 3 December 2015 (hereinafter the Relationship Framework Agreement). The Relationship 
Framework Agreement replaced the initial relationship framework agreement entered into by the Bank and the 
HFSF in July 2013. 
According to the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF should, among others, (i) exercise its 
shareholding rights in compliance with the rules of prudent management of its assets and in compliance with 
State Aid rules, (ii) ensure that the Bank operates on market terms, and (iii) that in due time the Bank returns 
to private ownership in an open and transparent manner. The Relationship Framework Agreement determines 
the relationship between the Bank and HFSF certain matters relating to, amongst others: (a) the corporate 
governance of the Bank, (b) the monitoring of the implementation of the Bank’s NPL management framework 
and of the Bank’s performance on NPL resolution. In addition, the Relationship Framework Agreement deals 
with, (c) the obligations that are defined as material for the purposes of the Relationship Framework 
Agreement, (d) the monitoring of Bank’s actual risk profile against the approved risk and capital strategy, 
(e) the HFSF’s consent for matters that are defined as material for the purposes of the Relationship Framework 
Agreement and, in particular, for the HFSF’s consent request, (f) litigation and other proceedings that are 
defined as material for the purposes of the Relationship Framework Agreement and concern the Group, and 
(g) the duties, rights and obligations of HFSF’s representative on the Board. Moreover, the Relationship 
Framework Agreement states that, subject to its provisions, the applicable law, and the charter documents, the 
Bank’s decision making bodies will continue to determine independently, amongst others, the Bank’s 
commercial strategy and policy and the decisions on the day-to-day operation of the Bank will continue to rest 
with the Bank’s competent bodies and officers, as the case may be, in accordance with their statutory, legal 
and fiduciary responsibilities.

--- Page 257 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
257 
 
 
The Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes the appointment of the HFSF representative to the Board 
of Directors and the appointment of an observer (without voting rights) also participating at the Board of 
Directors. Additionally, as prescribed by the Relationship Framework Agreement, both the representative and 
the observer participate in the Board Committees.  
The HFSF representative’s rights as prescribed within the Relationship Framework Agreement, in conjunction 
with the amended HFSF Law, include the following: 
(a) 
to veto any decision of the credit institution’s Board of Directors: 
(i) 
regarding the distribution of dividends and the benefits and bonus policy concerning the 
Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Board of Directors, as 
well as whoever exercises general manager’s powers and their deputies for any credit 
institutions whose ratio of non-performing loans to total loans, as calculated in accordance 
with subsection f(ii), of paragraph 2 of Article 11 of Commission Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2021/451, exceeds 10%, or; 
(ii) 
regarding a decision to amend the articles of association, including the increase or decrease of 
capital or the granting of relevant authority to the Board of Directors, merger, division, 
conversion, revival, extension or dissolution of the company, transfer of assets, including the 
sale of subsidiary or for any other issue for which an increased majority is required according 
to the provisions of Law 4548/2018 and which decision may significantly affect the 
participation of the HFSF in the share capital of the credιt institution; 
(b) 
to request an adjournment of any meeting of the credit institution’s Board of Directors for three (3) 
business days, until instructions are given by the HFSF’s Chief Executive Officer. Such right may be 
exercised by the end of the meeting of the credit institution’s Board of Directors; 
(c) 
to request that the Board of Directors of the credit institution be convened within the next seven (7) 
calendar days from the HFSF’s representative written request to the Chairman of the Board. The 
relevant request shall be addressed to the Chairman of the Board in writing and include the proposed 
items on the agenda. If the Chairman of the Board does not proceed to the convocation of the Board 
within the above deadline or does not include all the proposed items in the invitation, then the HFSF 
representative shall be entitled to convoke the Board within five (5) days as of the expiry of the above 
seven (7) days period; 
(d) 
to include items in the agenda of a scheduled Board meeting, including any item which may be related 
to any entity of the Group. For this purpose, the HFSF representative will submit in writing to the 
Chairman of the Board the desired additional items on the agenda at least two (2) business days prior 
to the date of the Board meeting. The Chairman of the Board must include these items in the agenda 
of the scheduled Board meeting. 
Additionally, as per the Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF representative has the following rights 
in Board Committees: 
(a) 
to include items on the agenda of a committee meeting scheduled. For this purpose, the HFSF 
representative will submit in writing to the Chairman of the Committee the proposed additional items 
of the agenda at least one (1) day prior to the date of the Committee meeting; 
(b) 
to request that the committee is convened within the next seven (7) days from the HFSF 
representatives’ written request to the Chairman of the committee. The relevant request shall include 
the proposed items of the agenda. If the Chairman of the committee does not proceed to the 
convocation of the committee within the above deadline or does not include all the proposed items in 
the invitation, then the HFSF representative shall be entitled to convene the committee within five (5) 
days as of the expiry of the above seven (7) days period.

--- Page 258 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
258 
 
 
Further, the Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes in detail requirements for the Bank to inform the 
HFSF representative and the HFSF Observer, including on the activities and decisions of Board committees 
in which they participate. 
Under the Relationship Framework Agreement, the Bank has the obligation to obtain the prior written consent 
of the HFSF for all material matters set forth within the agreement, including, among others, the Group policy 
governing relations with connected borrowers and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation thereof, 
the Group Risk and Capital strategy document(s) especially the risk appetite statements and risk governance 
and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation thereof, the Group Investment/Divestment Policy 
regarding participations, real estate and loan portfolios and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation 
thereof, and other matters particularly prescribed within the Relationship Framework Agreement as material 
materials requiring prior-written consent and according to the exceptions the Relationship Framework 
Agreement prescribes. 
The Relationship Framework Agreement requires that:  
(a) 
The Bank shall at each time adopt and apply a corporate governance structure that ensures the 
implementation of the Relationship Framework Agreement, and the requirements of the HFSF Law, 
both as each time in force.  
(b) 
The Bank shall provide to the HFSF the documents, as required, in order to ensure the effective 
monitoring of the implementation of the applicable NPL management framework, to effectively allow 
the HFSF to perform its statutory role. In December 2016 the Board Risk Committee Charter was 
revised, such that the Committee has a dual role, having specific competence over NPLs/NPEs and 
operating as the Bank’s special Committee that deals with NPLs. 
If the Bank has engaged, prior to the signing of the Relationship Framework Agreement, an external audit firm 
for more than five years, the Bank should replace the audit firm. The new engagement contracts should not 
exceed five years. The Bank’s initial five-year period expired following the 2016 financial year. In this context, 
the Board of Directors approved at the meeting held on 18 January 2017 PwC as the most appropriate audit 
firm for the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2017, following the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee. The selection was based on the results of the tender process run by the Bank. The 
appointment of PwC was approved by the 2017 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders. The 2018 
Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for 
the year ending 31 December 2018, following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. The 2019 Annual 
General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year 
ending 31 December 2019, following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. The 2020 Annual General 
Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 
December 2020, following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. The 2021 Annual General Meeting of 
the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 
2021, following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. The 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s 
shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2021, 
following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee.   
However, according to Article 28 of Greek Law 4701/2020, HFSF and the financial institutions who 
participated in recapitalization plans, or the beneficiary financial institutions that resulted from fully or partial 
carve-outs of banking operations in the context of Greek law 4601/2019 (corporate transformation law), may 
decide to extend the term of its auditors for a period not exceeding 10 years in total (according to Article 17 
EU 537/2014 (L158)) provided that the General Meeting of the financial institution approves reasoned 
proposal of the Board of Directors, following the recommendation of the Audit Committee. In that context, 
following the positive assessment and proposal of the Audit Committee and subsequent relevant reasoned 
proposal of the Board of Directors to the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders in 
accordance with the aforementioned Article of Greek Law 4701/2020, the 2022 Annual General Meeting of

--- Page 259 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
259 
 
 
the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 
2022. 
In case of any actual or reasonably foreseeable adverse deviations in the Bank’s or the Group’s performance 
and risk profile, relative to the budget, or with respect to the Risk and Capital Strategy if adverse deviations 
have already been approved by the HFSF through the approval of the budget, the Board should promptly 
submit its recommended corrective strategic actions to the HFSF for its review and consent. The Bank will 
inform in writing the HFSF as soon as it executes a non-binding agreement /memorandum of understanding 
for the sale of (or receives any proposal from third parties for the acquisition of) a subsidiary of the Bank, or 
part of its business. 
The Board should conduct a self-assessment exercise on an annual basis not only as a whole, as per current 
legislation but also for each of its Committees. The results of this evaluation should be disclosed in the Annual 
Report on Corporate Governance. 
The Board should approve the following policies and amendments thereof: the Bank’s Group Strategy, Policy 
and Governance regarding the management of its Arrears and Non-Performing Loans, Conflict of Interest 
policy, Related Party Transactions policy, Provisioning & Write-off policy, Sponsorship/Donation policy, 
Outsourcing policy, Board /Committees self-assessment policy.  
The Relationship Framework Agreement shall remain in force for as long the HFSF holds shares issued by the 
Bank, irrespective of its participation percentage. However, if its participation percentage falls below 15% of 
the Bank’s share capital, only certain clauses of the Relationship Framework Agreement shall remain in force, 
as particularly prescribed within the Relationship Framework Agreement. 
The Relationship 
Framework Agreement 
is 
available 
at 
HFSF’s website https://hfsf.gr/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/RFA_HFSF_revised.pdf. The information on this website is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Disposal of Shares 
The Board of Directors of the HFSF will decide on the way and procedure for disposing the shares or other 
financial instruments it may hold (the Divestment Strategy), at a time it deems appropriate, whether in a 
single transaction or a series of transactions, in compliance with Article 8 of the HFSF Law. The disposal of 
shares may not be made to any entity belonging directly or indirectly to the Hellenic Republic, in accordance 
with Greek law.  
The Board of Directors of the HFSF shall draw up a well-reasoned Divestment Strategy, which shall include 
the general program for the disposal of shares or other financial instruments of credit institutions held by the 
HFSF, as well as specific guidelines for any credit institution concerned, for which the relevant features of the 
HFSF’s shareholding in it shall be taken into account. The divestment strategy shall adhere to the principles 
of free competition and shall be governed, indicatively and not exhaustively, by the following principles: (a) 
the financial and operational viability of the credit institution, (b) the conditions of the market, the 
macroeconomic conditions and the conditions of the banking sector, (c) the reasonably expected consequences 
of the Divestment Strategy on the financial sector, market and the wider Greek economy, (d) the transparent 
action principle, (e) the necessity for a timeplan for the realisation of the Divestment Strategy, taking also into 
consideration the duration of the HFSF, (f) the need for disposal within a timely and reasonable timeframe, 
and (g) the necessity for the Greek financial sector to return to a purely private shareholding structure.  
The Board of Directors of the HFSF may consult with other institutions including with credit institutions on 
matters that relate to the Divestment Strategy, provided that the confidentiality of information is maintained 
and that the rules of preferential information under current legislation are adhered to. In order to adopt a 
Divestment Strategy, the Board of Directors of the HFSF shall appoint an independent financial advisor of 
global reputation on relevant matters (the “divestment strategy advisor”) the drafting of the relevant report.

--- Page 260 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
260 
 
 
The Divestment Strategy shall receive the previous consent of the Ministry of Finance, which may previously 
request the opinion of the Bank of Greece. The Divestment Strategy shall be kept up to date. 
In order to resolve on a disposal, the HFSF shall appoint an independent financial advisor of global reputation 
on relevant matters (the “disposal advisor”) for the provision of a report on the disposal. The capacity of 
divestment strategy advisor is mutually exclusive with the capacity of disposal advisor. The report of the 
disposal advisor for an intended disposal is made for each specific credit institution and is subject to minimum 
content requirements and is accompanied by a timeplan for the disposal. The disposal of the HFSF’s 
participation in each credit institution is carried out in accordance with the HFSF’s purposes.  
Without prejudice to the relevant provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and Greek law 
4706/2020, the disposal may take place by a public offer or an offer to one or more specific investors or group 
of investors: (i) through an open contest or interest solicitation from selected investors; (ii) through exchange 
trade orders; (iii) by public offer of shares for cash or in exchange of other securities; and (iv) by book building.   
The HFSF may reduce its participation in credit institutions through a share capital increase of the credit 
institutions by waiving or disposing of its pre-emption rights. 
Monitoring Trustee  
Information in respect of the Monitoring Trustee is included in “Management and Employees – Monitoring 
Trustee”.  
Capital Controls 
As of 1 September 2019, the restrictions on cash withdrawals and capital transfers have been repealed by virtue 
of Article 86 of Law 4624/2019. All relevant Ministerial Decisions and Decisions of the Committee for the 
approval of banking transactions that were adopted during the period that the restrictions on cash withdrawals 
and capital transfers were in force have been repealed by the abovementioned Article of Law 4624/2019 as 
well. 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals under Greek Law 4738/2020 (entry into force from 1 
March or 1 June 2021) 
Greek Law 4738/2020 (the Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law) regulates the 
settlement of debts from its entry into force (1 March or 1 June 2021, depending on the applicable provision). 
Greek Laws 3869/2010 and 4605/2019 shall no longer apply, save for applications already filed. 
On 27 October 2020, Greek Law 4738/2020 was published in the Official Government Gazette (Issue 
A/No.207/27.10.2020) consolidating the provisions of several statutes dealing with excessive indebtedness 
and debt settlement (such as Greek laws 4469/2017, 3869/2010, 3588/2007, 4605/2019 and 4307/2014) into 
one comprehensive legal framework of expanded scope, with all existing tools for debt settlement 
consolidated, regardless of their subject (inter alia indebted households, protection of main residence and 
extrajudicial settlement mechanisms). Upon entry into force of Greek Law 4738/2020, (1.3.2021 or 1.6.2021, 
depending on the applicable provision), the provisions of the currently applicable Greek Bankruptcy Code 
(Greek Law 3588/2007) are repealed (see also “Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral” below).  
Moreover, the ability to submit applications under the debt settlement schemes of Greek Law 3869/2010 and 
4307/2014 will no longer be available but such laws will continue to govern procedures already opened under 
such provisions.

--- Page 261 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
261 
 
 
Greek Law 4738/2020 establishes a special regime for protecting main residences of eligible individuals 
considered to be vulnerable distressed debtors, which provides for a sale and lease back scheme for main 
residences and the establishment of a new organisation to implement the relevant process. The definition of 
vulnerable debtors is aligned with the criteria set out in Article 3 of Greek Law 4472/2017 (i.e. the eligibility 
criteria for the provision of housing benefits, including, inter alia, an individual yearly income cap set at 
€9,600). The objective of the new framework is the liquidation of a debtor’s main residence for the purposes 
of debt settlement, without the vulnerable debtor having to relocate or definitively lose ownership of their 
asset. This is effected by the establishment of a Sale and Lease-Back private entity, contracting with the Greek 
State pursuant to a call for tenders of the latter.  
According to this scheme, in the event that a vulnerable debtor is declared insolvent or that enforcement 
proceedings regarding their main residence are initiated, the debtor may submit a request under the new regime, 
which then acquires ownership right over the debtor’s immovable property at market value price as determined 
by a certified valuator. In return, the new organisation shall lease the same property to the debtor for twelve 
(12) years for a set amount of monthly rent (to be determined primarily based on the applicable housing loans’ 
average interest rate). However, regarding the purchase price it should be noted that in case that the request is 
submitted in the context of an auction and the first offer price is significantly higher (15% or more) than the 
valuation price, then the purchase price shall be the lower of the first offer price and the price provided by a 
second independent evaluator. Should no third-party, holder of right in rem, pose any objections to the transfer, 
the Sale and Lease-Back Entity shall purchase the residence free of any encumbrance or claim. The debtor 
maintains their status as beneficiary of the aforementioned housing benefits of Greek Law 4472/2017, which 
are now credited to the Sale and Lease-Back Entity as a partial payment of the relevant lease instalment. The 
lease shall be terminated in the event that the debtor has defaulted on three installments and remains in default 
for at least one month after relevant notice is served. The termination of the lease shall lead to the abolishment 
of the debtor’s buyback rights. It is further noted that the any rights of the debtor deriving from the lease are 
non-transferable, save for instances of universal succession. 
The debtor may be entitled to re-purchase the property at a price objectively determined under the provisions 
of the said Law upon fulfilment of their rental payment obligations. After full repayment by the debtor (at the 
end of the 12-year period or prior to that), they (or their successors) are entitled to exercise a buyback right. 
Pursuant to Ministerial Decision No. 81247 ΕΞ 2022/2022 of the Minister of Finance, the Ministry of Finance 
has resolved to carry out a tender by means of competitive dialogue, in the sense of Greek Law 4413/2016, for 
entering into an agreement for the delegation of obligations and competencies of the Sale and Lease Back 
Entity of Greek Law 4738/2020. Pursuant to Ministerial Decision No. 81247 ΕΞ 2022/2022 of the Minister of 
Finance, the Ministry of Finance has resolved to carry out a tender by means of competitive dialogue, in the 
sense of Greek Law 4413/2016, for entering into an agreement for the delegation of obligations and 
competencies of the Sale and Lease Back Entity of Greek Law 4738/2020. The buyback price shall be defined 
pursuant to a Decision of the Minister of Finance, in accordance with Article 225 of Greek Law 4738/2020, 
yet to be issued.  
Non-performing loans and loans in arrears  
Pursuant to Article 72 of Greek Law 4389/2016 a governmental council for private debt management (the 
Council) has been created, whose objective is, among others: 
(a) 
to form and disclose the strategy and policies for the organization of an integrated mechanism for the 
effective administration of private debt, as well as to form and review an action plan with binding 
timetables for the implementation of the abovementioned strategy, 
(b) 
to identify weaknesses and propose amendments to the existing legal framework, both in terms of 
substance and procedure to enhance the effectiveness of private debt resolution issues, including the 
acceleration of the procedures relating to delayed loan repayment and the improvement of the legal 
framework governing the real estate market;

--- Page 262 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
262 
 
 
(c) 
to define actions of public awareness for the purpose of directly and efficiently informing and 
supporting citizens and other interested parties with respect to taking decisions on the above matters; 
(d) 
to create a network for the provision of free consultancy services to individuals and legal entities on 
debt management and for planning of financial management awareness for households and SMEs; 
(e) 
to set any timetables required for the implementation of a strategic plan for the efficient management 
of private debt and monitor whether such timetables are respected; 
The Council provided a definition of “cooperating borrower” specifying when a borrower is classified as 
cooperating towards his/her lenders and assessed a methodology for determining “reasonable living expenses”. 
Moreover, Greek Law 4389/2016 (Article 78) provides for a specialised secretariat for private debt 
management responsible for a) supporting the governmental council’s for private debt management work, b) 
organizing and forming the policy for the provision of information and support to citizens interested in taking 
loans and to borrowers, as well as the financial education of households and small-medium enterprises, and c) 
business coordinating of the Steering Committee. Furthermore, Greek Law 4389/2016 (Article 81 as in force) 
also provides for 30 Borrowers’ Service Centers, as regional offices of the specialised secretariat for private 
debt management, responsible for informing and supporting natural and legal persons (households and small-
medium enterprises) and providing financial, legal and consulting services regarding taking up loans, 
management of debts and in general financial management issues. By virtue of Article 3 of Greek Law 
4738/2020, access to the same Borrowers’ Service Centers is expanded to all natural persons not deriving 
income through business activities or freelance professional activity, in the sense of Articles 21 and 47 of 
Greek Law 4172/2013, which have been classified as medium or high insolvency risk, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 2 of Greek Law 4738/2020. 
Additionally, Greek Law 4224/2013, as in force, provides for the establishment, by virtue of a decision of the 
Bank of Greece, of a Code of Conduct for NPLs. 
Greek Law 4224/2013, as in force, in conjunction with ministerial decision No. 5921/2015, provides that the 
consumer ombudsman will act extra judicially as mediator solely for the amicable settlement of the dispute 
between lenders and borrowers for the purpose of settling non- accruing loans within the framework of the 
Code of Conduct for the management of non- accruing loans. 
In the implementation of the above the Bank of Greece has published regulatory framework concerning the 
management of loans in arrears and non-accruing loans and specifically: 
 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee’s Act No 175/29.7.2020, as amended by Bank of Greece 
Executive Committee Act no. 206/03.06/2022, adopted EBA Guidelines on management of non-
performing and forborne exposures. ‘Credit institutions with a NPL ratio below 5% on a solo or 
consolidated basis shall apply certain provisions of this Act.  
This Act imposes, among others, the following obligations on credit institutions: 
(a) 
Credit institutions should establish an NPE strategy to target a time-bound reduction of NPEs 
over a realistic but sufficiently ambitious time horizon (NPE reduction targets). The NPE 
strategy should lay out the credit institution’s approach and objectives regarding effective 
management to maximise recoveries and ultimately a reduction in NPE stocks in a clear, 
credible and feasible manner for each relevant portfolio.  
(b) 
The overarching strategy of a credit institution and its implementation should cover the NPE 
strategy and operational plan. 
(c) 
Credit institutions should establish dedicated NPE workout units (NPE WUs) that are 
independent from loan origination activities.

--- Page 263 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
263 
 
 
(d) 
Credit institutions should set up different NPE WUs for the different phases of the NPE life 
cycle and also for different portfolios, if appropriate. 
(e) 
Homogeneous portfolios should be built up in order to tailor treatments specifically to NPEs. 
Credit institutions should consider designing customised processes for each portfolio, with a 
dedicated expert team taking ownership of each. NPE portfolios should be analysed with a 
high degree of granularity, resulting in clearly defined borrower subportfolios. For these 
analyses, credit institutions should develop appropriate management information systems 
(MIS) and sufficiently high data quality. 
(f) 
Effective and efficient internal control processes should be implemented for the NPE workout 
framework in order to ensure full alignment between the NPE strategy and operational plan 
on the one hand and the credit institution’s overall business strategy and risk appetite on the 
other hand. 
(g) 
Forbearance measures should aim to return the borrower to a sustainable performing 
repayment status, taking into account the amount due and minimising expected losses. 
(h) 
Credit institutions should monitor the repayment capacity of borrowers. 
(i) 
When granting forbearance measures to performing exposures, credit institutions should 
assess whether these measures lead to a need to reclassify the exposure as non-performing. 
Granting forbearance measures to NPEs does not clear their non-performing status. 
(j) 
Credit institutions should estimate loss allowances for NPEs and FBEs subject to impairment 
in accordance with the Bank of Greece Executive Committee’ s Act No 150/3.10.2018 on 
credit risk management practices and accounting for expected credit losses. 
(k) 
Key elements are provided for collateral valuation of immovable and movable property 
pledged for NPEs 
(l) 
Regular reporting should be provided to the Board of Directors of each credit institutions and 
to the Bank of Greece. 
 
Decision No. 392/1/31.5.2021 of the Credit and Insurance Committee of the Bank of Greece revised 
the Code of Conduct under Greek Law 4224/2013 and repealed and replaced the relevant Decision of 
the Credit and Insurance Committee No. 195/1/29.7.2016 and Decision No. 396/1/31.5.2021 of the 
Credit and Insurance Committee of the Bank of Greece governs the application of the Code of Conduct 
to debtors of credit institutions under special resolution and repealed and replaced the Decision of the 
Credit and Insurance Committee No. 221/2/17.3.2017.  
The provisions of this Code of Conduct shall apply to supervised institutions (including credit 
institutions, branches of foreign institutions, credit companies, microfinance institutions) that grant 
any type of loans or provide any type of credit or pursue the financial leasing activity in Greece. For 
the purpose of reaching forbearce or resolution and closure solutions, the Code of Conduct shall also 
apply to loans guaranteed by the Greek State, without prejudice to, in relation to the implementation 
of any solution reached, the Greek State’s consent, where such consent is required under the guarantee 
agreement.  
This Code lays down general principles of conduct and introduces best practices aimed to foster trust, 
mutual commitment and exchange between borrowers and institutions of the necessary information so 
that each party can weigh the benefits of the consequences of alternative forbearance or resolution and 
closure solutions for loans in arrears, with the ultimate goal of selecting the most appropriate solution 
following case-by-case assessment.

--- Page 264 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
264 
 
 
By its Executive Committee Act Decision No. 175/2/29.7.2020, the Bank of Greece has provided 
guidelines to supervised entities on the design and evaluation of sustainable types of forebearance 
solutions, whose objective is the return of the borrower to a sustainable payment status, taking into 
account the outstanding amount of debt, while minimising the expected losses and ensuring 
compliance with the applicable consumer protections requirements. Indicative types of solutions were 
provided in the same Act, which are developed by taking into consideration the repayment capacity of 
each borrower (natural or legal person). For the purpose of this Code, an “appropriate solution” shall 
be considered to be one which ensures the supervised institutions compliance with its supervisory 
requirements and, at the same time, duly takes into consideration the borrower’s overall financial 
situation. If the parties fail to reach a mutually acceptable solution, then their dispute may be resolved 
through alternative dispute resolution mechanisms or mediation procedures or in and out of court debt 
restructuring procedures in accordance with EU and national legislation, or by the competent courts 
of law. 
The Code of Conduct requires, inter alia, the establishment of detailed written policies and procedures 
for loans in arrears with a categorisation classification including a detailed and documentary appeals 
review procedure and provisions on treatment of non-cooperating borrowers. Moreover, the 
establishment of detailed and documented communication policies and procedures are also required, 
dealing with, among others, the standardisation of the content of communications, the manner, timing, 
frequency and confidentiality of communications. For the purposes of the Code, any provision 
applying to a borrower in arrears shall also apply to the respective guarantor(s) of the debt. Each 
institution bound by the Code of Conduct shall demonstrate at any time to the Bank of Greece its 
compliance with the requirements of the Code of Conduct.   
In handling borrowers (natural persons and micro-enterprises) in arrears and in cases where indications 
of unlikeliness to pay exist, every institution shall apply an Arrears Resolution Procedure (the ARP) 
involving the following steps: 
 
Step 1: Communication with the borrower 
 
Step 2: Collection of financial and other information from the borrower 
 
Step 3: Assessment of financial data 
 
Step 4: Proposal of appropriate solution 
 
Step 5: Appeals review procedure 
The Bank of Greece will not deal with individual cases of disputes between creditors and borrowers 
that may arise from the implementation of the Code of Conduct. 
It is noted that the following are excluded from the scope of the Arrears Resolution Procedure: 
- 
Claims against a borrower not exceeding the amount of one thousand euro (€1,000) in the case of 
claims against borrowers which are natural persons; or the amount of five thousand euro (€5,000) in 
cases of borrowers which are legal persons/micro enterprises. 
Capital requirements for banks' non-performing loans 
On 9 April 2019, the Council adopted a new framework for dealing with banks' non-performing loans. The 
new rules set capital requirements applying to banks with NPLs on their balance sheets. On the basis of a 
common definition of NPLs, the proposed new rules introduce a "prudential backstop", i.e. common minimum 
loss coverage for the amount of money banks need to set aside to cover losses caused by future loans that turn

--- Page 265 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
265 
 
 
non-performing. Different coverage requirements will apply depending on the classifications of the NPLs as 
"unsecured" or "secured" and whether the collateral is movable or immovable: 
Minimum coverage level (in %) 
 
After year 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
Secured by 
immovable 
collateral 
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
70% 
80% 
85% 100% 
Secured by 
movable 
collateral 
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
80% 
100% 
 
 
Unsecured 
0% 
35% 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsequently, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards minimum 
loss coverage for NPEs was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Furthermore, according 
to the said Regulation by way of derogation from the new amended provisions of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation, institutions shall not deduct from CET1 items the applicable amount of insufficient coverage for 
NPEs where the exposure was originated prior to 26 April 2019. Where the terms and conditions of an exposure 
which was originated prior to 26 April 2019 are modified by the institution in a way that increases the 
institution's exposure to the obligor, the exposure shall be considered as having been originated on the date 
when the modification applies and shall cease to be subject to the derogation provided above. 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the CRR Quick Fix) amended Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) No 
2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. By this Regulation, the EU 
temporarily adapted banking rules in order to maximise the capacity of banks to lend money and support 
households and businesses to recover from the COVID-19 crisis. The targeted amendments concern, among 
others, changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks are required to hold for NPLs under the 
"prudential backstop". In particular, the preferential treatment of NPLs guaranteed by export credit agencies 
will be extended to other public sector guarantors in the context of measures aimed at mitigating the economic 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On the 20 March 2017, the ECB published final guidance on NPLs. The guidance outlined measures, processes 
and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The guidance called on banks to 
implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach regarding the problem of 
NPLs, including areas such as governance and risk management. The ECB did not stipulate quantitative targets 
to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asked banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options such 
as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales.  
The NPL guidance is non-binding in nature. However, banks should explain and substantiate any deviations 
upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the SSM regular SREP and non-
compliance may trigger supervisory measures.  
This guidance does not intend to substitute or supersede any applicable regulatory or accounting requirement 
or guidance from existing EU regulations or directives and their national transpositions or equivalent, or 
guidelines issued by the EBA. Instead, the guidance is a supervisory tool with the aim of clarifying the 
supervisory expectations regarding NPL identification, management, measurement and write-offs in areas 
where existing regulations, directives or guidelines are silent or lack specificity. Where binding laws, 
accounting rules and national regulations on the same topic exist, banks should comply with those.

--- Page 266 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
266 
 
 
Moreover, on the 15 March 2018 the ECB published the addendum to the ECB Guidance to banks on NPLs. 
The addendum supplements the qualitative NPL guidance and specified the ECB’s supervisory expectations 
for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. The addendum is non-binding and will serve as the basis for 
the supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB Banking Supervision. The addendum 
addresses loans classified as NPLs in line with the EBA’s definition after 1 April 2018. In fact, the addendum 
sets out an expectation that, as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured NPLs will be fully covered after a period of 
two years from the date of their classification as NPLs. For example, the supervisor would expect a loan that 
is classified as an unsecured NPL on 1 May 2018 to be fully provisioned for by May 2020. For new secured 
NPLs, a certain level of provisioning is expected after three years of classification as an NPL, or “NPL 
vintage”, which then increases over time until year seven. In this case, if a secured loan were classified as an 
NPL on 1 May 2018, the supervisor would expect this NPL to be at least 40% provisioned for by May 2021, 
and totally provisioned by May 2025.  
Furthermore, according to its press release dated 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its supervisory 
expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the “Addendum to the ECB Guidance to 
banks on non-performing loans” (the Addendum). The decision was made after taking into account the 
adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards minimum 
loss coverage for NPEs, that outlines the Pillar 1 treatment for NPEs. In order to make the treatment of NPEs 
more consistent, the following changes have been made to the supervisory expectations communicated in the 
ECB’s Addendum: 
 
the scope of the ECB’s supervisory expectations for new NPEs will be limited to NPEs arising from 
loans originated before 26 April 2019, which are not subject to Pillar 1 NPE treatment; 
 
NPEs arising from loans originated from 26 April 2019 onwards will be subject to Pillar 1 treatment, 
with the ECB paying close attention to the risks arising from them; and 
 
the relevant prudential provisioning time frames, the progressive path to full implementation and the 
split of secured exposures, as well as the treatment of NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official export 
credit agency, have been aligned with the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs set out in the EU regulation.  
All other aspects, including specific circumstances, which may make prudential provisioning expectations 
inappropriate for a specific portfolio/exposure, remain as described in the Addendum. 
Strategy to prevent a future build-up of NPLs across the European Union, as a result of the COVID-19 
crisis 
The European Commission on 16 December 2020 presented a strategy to prevent a future build-up of NPLs 
across the European Union, as a result of the coronavirus crisis. In order to give Member States and the 
financial sector the necessary tools to address a rise of NPLs in the EU's banking sector early on, the 
Commission is proposing a series of actions, including among others: 
Further developing secondary markets for distressed assets: This will allow banks to move NPLs off their 
balance sheets, while ensuring further strengthened protection for debtors. A key step in process is the adoption 
of Directive (EU) 2021/2167 on credit servicers and credit purchasers that harmonises the rules for credit 
servicers and credit purchasers of a creditor’s rights under a non-performing credit agreement. The objective 
of these rules will be to support development of secondary markets for non-performing loans in the European 
Union, while ensuring the sale of such loans does not undermine borrowers’ rights. The Directive, which will 
become applicable by 30 December 2023, had not yet been transposed into Greek law. The Commission sees 
merit in the establishment of a central electronic data hub at EU level in order to enhance market transparency. 
Such a hub would act as a data repository underpinning the NPL market in order to allow a better exchange of 
information between all actors involved (credit sellers, credit purchasers, credit servicers, asset management 
companies (AMCs) and private NPL platforms) so that NPLs are dealt with in an effective manner. On the 
basis of a public consultation, the Commission would explore several alternatives for establishing a data hub

--- Page 267 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
267 
 
 
at European level and determine the best way forward. One of the options could be to establish the data hub 
by extending the remit of the existing European DataWarehouse (ED). In this context, the EU Commision 
launched a targeted consultation until 8 September 2021 on improving transparency and efficiency in 
secondary markets for NPLs. 
Support the establishment and cooperation of national AMCs at EU level: The Commission stands ready 
to support Member States in setting up national AMCs – if they wish to do so – and would explore how 
cooperation could be fostered by establishing an EU network of national AMCs. While national AMCs are 
valuable because they benefit from domestic expertise, an EU network of national AMCs could enable national 
entities to exchange best practices, enforce data and transparency standards and better coordinate actions. The 
network of AMCs could furthermore use the data hub to coordinate and cooperate with each other in order to 
share information on investors, debtors and servicers. Accessing information on NPL markets will require that 
all relevant data protection rules regarding debtors are respected. 
ECB and EBA guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs 
On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs. The 
Guidelines, which apply from 30 June 2019, are developed in accordance with the European Council Action 
Plan and aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks in place to 
manage effectively their NPEs and to achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. To this end, the 
Guidelines require institutions to establish NPE reduction strategies and introduce governance and operational 
requirements to support them. In particular, the Guidelines specify that institutions should grant forbearance 
measures only with the view to return the borrower to a sustainable performing repayment status. Moreover, 
the Guidelines introduce a threshold of 5% of gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing NPE strategies and 
applying associated governance and operational arrangements. Finally, the Guidelines outline requirements 
for competent authorities' assessment of credit institutions' NPE management activity as part of the SREP. The 
EBA Guidelines on management of NPEs and FBEs of 31 October 2018 were adopted by the Bank of Greece 
by virtue of Act No 175/2/29.7.2020 of its Executive Committee.  
Further to the above and in the context of the financial turmoil triggered by the COVID-19 outbreak, it has 
been decided that banks should be supported as they provide solutions to viable but distressed customers. Such 
support did not refer to stock of NPLs accumulated prior to the outbreak. 
More specifically, in relation to all exposures that will benefit from government guarantees issued by Member 
States in the context of public interventions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB, within its own 
remit, and within the context of the ECB Guidance on NPLs and the Addendum, extended flexibility on the 
automatic classification of obligors as unlikely to pay, when institutions call on the COVID-19 related public 
guarantees, as allowed under the Guidelines on the application of the definition of default issued by the 
European Banking Authority. 
The preferential treatment foreseen for NPLs guaranteed or insured by Official Export Credit Agencies was 
extended to non-performing exposures that benefit from guarantees granted by national governments or other 
public entities. This ensures alignment with the treatment provided in the CRR Quick Fix. Concretely, this 
means that banks would face a 0% minimum coverage expectation for the first seven years of the NPE vintage 
count. 
The ECB also extended flexibility to the NPL classification of exposures covered by qualifying legislative and 
non-legislative moratoria, following the EBA guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria on loan 
repayments applied in the light of the COVID-19 crisis. The EBA Guidelines on legislative and non-legislative 
loan repayments moratoria were published on 2 April 2020 to ensure that banks, while maintaining comparable 
metrics, would be able to grant payment holidays to customers avoiding the automatic classification of 
exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring However, it should 
be noted that these guidelines were initially applicable until 30 September 2020. On 2 December 2020, the 
EBA announced that it has decided to reactivate its Guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria.

--- Page 268 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
268 
 
 
This reactivation will ensure that loans, which had previously not benefitted from payment moratoria, can also 
benefit from them. The role of banks to ensure the continued flow of lending to clients remains of utmost 
importance and with the reactivation of these Guidelines, the EBA recognises the exceptional circumstances 
of the second COVID-19 wave. The EBA revised Guidelines, which will apply until 31 March 2021, include 
additional safeguards against the risk of an undue increase in unrecognised losses on banks’ balance sheet. 
Guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs 
On 17 December 2018, the EBA published the final guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs. Such 
disclosure shall allow the market participants and interested parties to have a clearer picture of the quality of 
the banks’ assets, NPEs’ and FBEs’ main features and, in cases of troubled banks, the distribution of their 
problematic assets and the value of the collaterals backing such assets. The Guidelines include a group of 
common standards applicable to any bank and another group of additional standards applicable to significant 
credit institutions with gross NPL ratio at 5% or higher. 
Asset protection scheme (“Hercules and Hercules 2”) for banks in Greece 
On 10 October 2019, the European Commission announced that it has found Greek plans aimed at supporting 
the reduction of NPLs of Greek banks to be free of any State aid. The Commission found that, under the asset 
protection scheme (known by the name of “Hercules”), the Greek State will be remunerated in line with market 
conditions for the risk it will assume by granting a guarantee on securitised NPLs. The asset protection scheme 
is designed to assist banks in securitising and moving NPLs off their balance sheets. Under the scheme, an 
individually managed, private securitisation vehicle will buy NPLs from the bank and sell notes to investors. 
The State will provide a public guarantee for the senior, less risky notes of the securitisation vehicle. In 
exchange, the State will receive remuneration at market terms. 
Greek law 4649/2019, as amended by Greek law 4818/2021 (Hercules) provides the terms and conditions 
under which the State guarantee may be provided in the context of NPL securitisation by credit institutions 
under the asset protection scheme. This law provides for the conditions under which the securitisation must be 
implemented in order to qualify for the provision of the State guarantee, in line with decision No. C (2019)7309 
of the European Commission (the Initial Decision). Such conditions include inter alia, that the notes to be 
issued in the context of the securitisation must include at least senior and junior notes and the price paid to the 
Greek banks for the sale and transfer of NPLs cannot exceed their aggregate net book value. The Greek state 
guarantee will be provided in favour of senior notes for the full repayment of principal and interest thereunder 
throughout the term of the notes. The aggregate commitment of the Greek state under the new law amounts to 
€12 billion. Applications for the provision of the Greek state guarantee may be filed by credit institutions, 
either in the context of securitisations that have already been implemented or for securitisations that are 
currently in the process of implementation exclusively within 18 months as of the publication date of the 
decision of the European Commission on the asset protection scheme programme of Law 4649/2019. By 
decision of the Minister of Finance, issued pursuant to the relevant decision of the European Commission, the 
period during which the guarantee may be granted may be extended and the terms governing the grant of such 
guarantee may be amended for the future. The asset protection scheme (known by the name of 'Hercules'), was 
approved by the Commission in October 2019, for an initial duration of 18 months. Greece notified the 
Commission of its plan to prolong the scheme for another 18 months, until October 2022. Such extension of 
the Hercules scheme (Hercules 2) entered into force by virtue of Ministerial Decision 45191/13.4.2021. The 
aggregate commitment under Hercules 2 amounts to an additional €12 billion. Under the Extension framework, 
applications for the provision of the Greek state guarantee may be filed exclusively within 18 months as of the 
publication of decision C (2021) 2545 (the Extension Decision) of the European Commission on 9 April 2021. 
The provision of the Greek state guarantee is governed inter alia by the provisions of the Initial Decision and 
the Extension Decision. 
The Greek State guarantee becomes effective upon (i) transfer through sale against positive value, of at least 
50% plus one of the issued junior notes to private investors and of such number of junior notes, and (if issued) 
mezzanine notes that allows the derecognition of the securitised receivables, (ii) rating of the senior tranche of

--- Page 269 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
269 
 
 
the notes being rated at no less than BB- by an External Credit Assessment Institution (as defined in point (98) 
of Article 4(1) of the Capital Requirements Regulation) and (iii) assignment of the administration of the 
securitised NPL portfolio to an independent special purpose vehicle. If the State guarantee has not become 
effective within 12 months as of the publication of the respective Ministerial Decision granting the guarantee, 
then such decision ceases automatically to be in force and the amount of the guarantee is released. There can 
be no new application for the same securitisation before the lapse of six months. Certain ministerial decisions 
have been issued to set out the details for the implementation of the aforementioned law. 
Framework for the management and transfer of claims 
Articles 1-3A of Greek Law 4354/2015, as amended and in force, as well as Executive Committee Act 
118/19.5.2017 as amended and in force establish the framework for the management and transfer of claims 
from loans that can include non-accruing loans and set the requirements for the operation of loan management 
companies and loan transfer companies. Certain loan categories had been temporarily excluded from the scope 
of the permitted sale and transfer until 31 December 2017; in particular such exclusion includes loan 
agreements with mortgage or prenotation of mortgage on first residence of an objective value of up to EUR 
140,000. 
Bank of Greece’s Executive Committee Act No. 118/19.5.2017, as in force, includes among others provisions 
regarding banning of management of claims against natural and/or legal person who maintain a “special 
relationship” with the aforementioned companies and the obligation of the said companies to cooperate with 
accredited data collection and processing entities with regard to the economic behavior and the 
creditworthiness of debtors. 
The management of claims from loans and credit granted by credit or financial institutions shall be undertaken, 
exclusively by Sociétés Anonymes having their registered offices: 
(a) 
in Greece; or  
(b) 
in another EEA Member-State, which have established a branch in Greece and have the 
aforementioned business activities in their scope. 
Bank of Greece is the competent authority for the issuance of the respective license for such companies.  
Furthermore, the aforementioned companies, following a relevant authorization by Bank of Greece, may grant 
loans or credit to debtors whose loans and/or credit have been managed by them, aiming exclusively at the 
refinancing of the debtors’ loans or the restructuring of the debtor-business on the basis of a restructuring plan 
agreed between the parties and under the consent of the claims’ owner. 
In relation to the agreements for the assignment of claims’ management from non- accruing loans, Greek Law 
4354/2015 lays down that non-accruing loans management companies may undertake the management of 
claims from loans and/or credit, which have been granted or are granted by credit or financial institutions. Said 
management companies are entitled to initiate any legal proceedings and to proceed with any other judicial 
measures for the collection of claims. 
The transfer of claims from credits and loans granted by credit or financial institutions can take place only 
through sale, under relevant written agreement, in accordance with the provisions in Article 3 of Greek Law 
4354/2015, as in force, and only to: 
(a) 
limited liability companies that according to their articles of association are allowed to engage in 
acquiring claims from loans and credits and they are seated in Greece and are also registered in General 
Commercial Registry (GEMI);

--- Page 270 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
270 
 
 
(b) 
companies that are seated in the EEA and according to their articles of association are allowed to 
engage in in acquiring claims from loans and credits and subject to the provisions of the European 
Union legislation; and 
(c) 
companies that are seated in third countries, and according to their articles of association are allowed 
to engage in acquiring claims from loans and credits, subject to the provisions of the European Union 
legislation and have the discretion to be located in Greece through a branch under certain conditions.  
A necessary condition in order for the claims of the credit or financial institutions from non-performing loans 
to be offered for sale, is the extrajudicial invitation of the borrower and the guarantor, if the borrower is 
considered a consumer, within twelve (12) months prior to the offer, to arrange its obligations on the basis of 
a written offer for an appropriate arrangement with specific payment terms according also to the provision of 
the Code of Conduct of Law 4224/2013. Disputed or adjudicated claims as well as claims against non-
cooperative borrowers, are excluded from the abovementioned condition. 
Furthermore, by virtue of Article 48 of Greek Law 4472/2017 certain provisions of Greek Law 4354/2015 
were amended. In line with the new provisions, the credit servicing firms are also allowed to manage the 
property that was offered as collateral for the respective loans and credits and has been transferred to the 
beneficiary of the claim. However, these firms are not allowed to acquire, via transfer or assignment or 
voluntary sale or auction, any property related to the loans and credits serviced by them. Also, the new 
assignee, upon transfer of claims from NPLs, continues the procedure of the Code of Conduct of Law 
4224/2013 from where it was stopped before the transfer. 
Settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State 
Ministerial Decision 2/94253/0025, published on 31 December 2018 and with effect one month after its 
publication, set the terms and conditions for the settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State pursuant to 
Article 103 of Greek law 4549/2018. Specifically, according to Article 103 of Greek law 4549/2018 and the 
said Decision, credit institutions and borrowers, natural persons and businesses, may proceed with settlement 
of loans guaranteed by the Greek State, without the intervention of the Greek State, according to the ordinary 
banking criteria, on the basis of increasing the probability of repayment of the loan by the borrower. The 
settlement of the aforementioned loans is concluded under specific terms and conditions specified in the 
Ministerial Decision, but without any increase in the liability of the Greek State under the guarantee. 
The out-of-court debt settlement process pursuant to Greek Law 4738/2020 (entry into force from 1 June 
2021) 
The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law, in force from 1 June 2021, the provisions of 
which are further specified by means of the Joint Ministerial Decision No. 4027ΕΞ2022/2022, establishes a 
new Out-of-Court Debt Settlement mechanism (which replaces the procedure of Greek Law 4469/2017).  
Within the context of the out-of-court debt settlement process provided for by Greek Law 4738/2020, 
individuals or legal entities, eligible to be declared insolvent, may apply for extrajudicial settlement of their 
monetary liabilities to the Greek State or financial institutions and social security institutions provided they do 
not fall under certain exemptions (e.g. 90% of a debtor’s liabilities being owed to a single institution). The 
creditors may accept said invitation at their sole discretion. It is noted that entities falling outside the scope of 
said law, such as investment service providers, mutual funds, credit and (re-)insurance institutions may not 
apply as debtors for this out-of-court settlement. The process may also be initiated by creditors with an 
invitation to debtor(s) to apply within 45 days. Out-of-court settlement applications and relevant creditor 
invitations will be filed digitally to the Special Secretariat for the Administration of Private Debt through the 
electronic platform of the Special Private Debt Management Secretariat (EGDICH). 
With respect to the filing of an out-of-court settlement application, so long as the process is not terminated, 
the procedure of Code of Conduct for NPLs, as well as any enforcement actions and measures, pending or not,

--- Page 271 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
271 
 
 
are automatically suspended. The approval of the debt restructuring proposal requires the debtor's consent and 
the formation of a majority of 3/5 of participating creditors – financial institutions (in terms of nominal debt 
value), which includes 2/5 of participating creditors with special privilege. If the agreement concerns a loan 
secured with the debtor’s main residence, then a subsidy (up to an amount of €210) may be granted for 
instalments due for a period of five years commencing on the date of submission of the application under 
certain conditions, including, inter alia, a de minims provision regarding the amounts owed to the Greek State 
and Social Security Institutions (set at €20,000 ), as well as a cap to the amounts owed to each creditor (set at 
€135,000 for individuals and a maximum of €215,000 per household). Should a debt settlement agreement not 
be signed by the debtor and the participating creditors within two months of the application submission date, 
the application will be rejected. The debt settlement agreement can be terminated by any creditor whose claims 
are covered by the settlement if the debtor is in default for an aggregate amount equal either to three payment 
instalments or 3% of the total amount due under the settlement agreement. Termination of the debt settlement 
agreement will result in the reinstatement of the debtor’s liabilities to the terminating creditor to the pre-
settlement debt amount after the deduction of any amount already paid under the settlement to that date but 
will not affect the validity and enforceability of the settlement agreement vis-à-vis other covered creditors.  
Finally, Article 30 of Greek law 4738/2020 provides the ability for credit institutions to establish common 
policies regarding (indicatively) the conditions of processing and approval of applications, a procedure of 
automated processing, the establishing of notification mechanisms for clients susceptible to financial hardship 
etc.. 
Early warning mechanism and borrowers’ service centers (entry into force from 1 June 2021) 
The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law, in force from 1 June 2021, the provisions of 
which are further specified by means of the Joint Ministerial Decision No. 4027ΕΞ2022/2022, introduces an 
early warning electronic mechanism, supervised by the Special Secretariat for Private Debt Administration of 
Ministry of Finance, in which debtors who apply are classified in three risk levels (low, medium and high). If 
a debtor has been classified as of medium or high risk and is a natural person, then depending on their 
profession or business activity, they can contact either the competent Borrower Service Centers (if they don’t 
earn income from said business or freelance activity) or the relevant Professional Chambers and Associations 
(if they earn income from said business or freelance activity), so that the debtor may receive free, specialized 
advice relating to the status of their debts and the possible options for settling them under the Law 4738/2020. 
Settlement of business debts  
Settlement of business debts under Greek law 4738/2020 
Greek Law 4738/2020 has replaced Greek Law 4307/2014 by integrating the latter’s provisions on the power 
of the liquidator to conduct a public tender for the sale of the (totality of) assets/sectors of the business to its 
framework. The expediated liquidation process is followed pursuant to a relevant decision of the bankruptcy 
court on the liquidation of the business or individual operational units. Pursuant to the new framework, there 
is no capacity to submit new applications in accordance with Articles 68-77 of Greek Law 4307/2014, which 
will, however, remain into force, for procedures opened before the entry of Greek Law 4738/2020 into force. 
Extraordinarily, if the creditors’ meeting so decides (in the context of a special administration) the process will 
be able to continue under the provisions of Greek Law 4738/2020 being applied by means of analogy. 
The main differences between the previously applicable and the new expediated liquidation process are the 
following:  
a. 
A notary public is hired to conduct the auction. 
b. 
The auction is carried out electronically (namely, through the e-auction platform).

--- Page 272 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
272 
 
 
c. 
The creditors’ meeting has a more important role, as it approves the liquidator’s choice to liquidate 
one or more business sectors or separate assets. It may provide its approval subject to specific 
conditions (e.g. an amelioration of the proposed sale price). 
In the event that individual assets are liquidated, it is also the objective of Greek Law 4738/2020 to expediate 
the process. In particular, although the procedural aspects are the same as those of Greek Code of Civil 
Procedure, it is noted that there is no legal remedy that can be used to challenge the initial offering price set 
by independent evaluators.  
Interest Rates 
Under Greek law interest rates applicable to bank loans are not subject to a legal maximum, but they must 
comply with certain requirements intended to ensure clarity and transparency, including with regard to their 
readjustments. Specifically, Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2501/31.10.2002 and Decision 
No. 178/19.7.2004 of the Banking and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece provide that credit institutions 
operating in Greece should, among others, determine their interest rates in the context of the open market and 
free competition rules, taking into consideration the risks undertaken on a case-by-case basis, as well as 
potential changes in the financial conditions and data and information specifically provided by parties for this 
purpose. 
Limitations apply to the compounding of interest under Greek law. In particular, the compounding of interest 
with respect to bank loans and credits only applies if the relevant agreement so provides and is subject to 
limitations that apply under Article 30 of Greek Law 2789/2000 as in force and Article 39 of Greek Law 
3259/2004, as in force. Greek credit institutions must also apply Article 150 of the CRD Law on interest rates 
of loans and other credits pursuant to which credit institutions are precluded from recognising on an accrual 
basis interest on loans or other credits extended, in any form, after the lapse of a time period during which 
recognised interest on loans or other credits remains overdue, which may not exceed six (6) months with 
respect to loans to natural persons fully secured by real estate and three (3) months with respect to debts from 
other credits. After the expiry of the above time period, they shall only be allowed to carry out non-accounting 
calculation of interest, including any default and compound interest, where allowed, which shall be entered in 
accounting records if and when collected. 
Moreover, according to Article 150 paragraph 2 of the CRD Law it is prohibited to grant new loans for the 
repayment of overdue interest or to enter into debt settlement having a similar result, unless such actions are 
taken in the context of an agreement for the settlement of the entirety of the debts of the borrower, which shall 
be based on a detailed examination of the borrower’s capacity to fulfil the undertaken obligations under 
specific time frames. Credit institutions based in Greece may not capitalise interest unless this is provided for 
in the original medium- to long-term financing agreement or in the overall agreement for the settlement of the 
entirety of the debts of the borrower referred to herein above. 
Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2393/15.7.96 provides that default interest applied by credit 
institutions shall not exceed the aggregate applicable contractual interest more than a maximum percentage of 
2.5% annually. 
Secured Lending 
According to Greek Law 4261/2014, Article 11, among the activities that Greek credit institutions are 
permitted to engage is lending including, inter alia: consumer credit, credit agreements relating to immovable 
property, factoring, with or without recourse, financing of commercial transactions (including forfeiting). 
The provisions of legislative decree 17.7/13.08.1923 regulate issues regarding the granting of loans secured 
by in rem rights and Greek Law 3301/2004 regulates issues regarding financial collateral arrangements.

--- Page 273 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
273 
 
 
Mortgage lending is extended mostly on the basis of mortgage pre-notations, which are less expensive and 
easier to record than mortgages and may be converted into full mortgages upon final non-appealable court 
judgment. 
European Directive 2014/17 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property 
lays down a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of 
the EU member states concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or 
otherwise relating to residential immovable property, including an obligation to carry out a creditworthiness 
assessment before granting a credit, as a basis for the development of effective underwriting standards in 
relation to residential immovable property in the EU member states, and for certain prudential and supervisory 
requirements, including for the establishment and supervision of credit intermediaries, appointed 
representatives and non-credit institutions. In Greece, the aforementioned Directive has been transposed into 
Greek legislation by virtue of Greek Law 4438/2016 (published in Government Gazette 220/A/28.11.2016). 
The main provisions of Greek Law 4438/2016, include among others, consumer information requirements, 
principle based rules and standards for the performance of services (e.g. conduct of business obligations, 
competence and knowledge requirements for staff), a consumer creditworthiness assessment obligation, 
provisions on early repayment, provisions on foreign currency loans, provisions on tying practices, some high-
level principles and a passport for credit intermediaries who meet the admission requirements in their home 
EU member state. 
Compulsory Deposits with the Bank of Greece 
As of 26 June 2021, according to ECB Regulation 2021/378 on the application of minimum reserve 
requirements, minimum reserves held by credit institutions shall be calculated using the following reserve 
ratios for each of the liabilities of the reserve base: 
a) 
a reserve ratio of 0% shall apply to the following categories referred to in Part 2 of Annex II to 
Regulation (EU) 2021/379 (ECB/2021/2): 
i. 
deposits which fulfil one of the following conditions: 
- 
have an agreed maturity over two years; 
- 
are redeemable at notice over two years; and 
- 
are repurchase agreements (repos); and 
ii. 
debt securities issued with an original maturity over two years; and 
b) 
a reserve ratio of 1% on all other liabilities included in the reserve base. 
This commitment ratio applies to all credit institutions in Greece. 
Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral  
Moreover, with respect to out-of-court debt settlement mechanism regulated by Greek Law 4738/2020, as in 
force, any individual and collective enforcement measures against the debtor, pending or not, regarding claims 
the settlement of which is pursued through this mechanism, are automatically suspended following the 
execution of a debt settlement agreement. The suspension commences from the submission of the debtor’s 
application to initiate the process, however, any auction that has been scheduled within three months following 
the debtor’s application will not be covered by the suspension. Any preparatory action taken by a secured 
creditor with a view to conducting an auction will also not be affected by the suspension

--- Page 274 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
274 
 
 
Constraints on enforcement of granted collateral were further lifted by the commencement of electronic 
auctions by virtue of Greek Law 4472/2017. The first electronic auction took place in November 2017. Though 
Greek Law 4472/2017 amended Article 959 of Civil Procedure Code and introduced electronic auctions. Greek 
Law 4512/2018 (Article 208) imposed that all auctions shall be performed only electronically from 21 
February 2018, except for auctions that shall be performed under the Code of Collecting Public Revenue where 
the aforementioned apply from 1 May 2018. The e-auction platform is also used for any liquidation 
proceedings conducted under the new Greek Law 4738/2020. Article 168 paragraph 2 of Greek Penal Code, 
as in force, further provides that it is a criminal action for anyone to cause interruption or disruption of the 
proper conduct of the service or auction.

--- Page 275 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
 
275 
 
 
TAXATION 
Greece  
The following is a summary of certain material Greek tax consequences of the ownership and disposal of the 
Notes. The discussion is not exhaustive and does not purport to deal with all the tax consequences applicable 
to all possible categories of Holders, some of whom/which may be subject to special rules, and also does not 
touch upon procedural requirements such as the filing of a tax declaration, proof of tax residency or of 
supporting documentation required. Further, it is not intended as tax advice to any particular Holder and it 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description or analysis of all of the potential tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a Holder in view of such Holder’s particular circumstances.  
The summary is based on the Greek tax laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, published case law, 
ministerial decisions and other regulatory acts of the respective Greek authorities as in force at the date hereof 
and does not take into account any developments or amendments that may occur after the date hereof, whether 
or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. There are also certain tax issues which have 
not been clarified, up to this time, by the tax administration. 
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. “Greek tax residents” 
includes the permanent establishments in Greece of non-Greek legal persons and legal entities, where the Notes 
are held through that permanent establishment.  
Tax considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation (the DTT).  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
Disposal of Notes—Capital Gains  
Individual Holders – Greek tax residents. Capital gains over the Notes are exempted from income tax.  
Individual Holders – Non-Greek tax residents. Capital gains over the Notes are exempted from income tax.  
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Greek tax residents. Taxation of capital gains over 
the Notes is deferred until capitalisation or distribution. Upon capitalisation or distribution, they will be taxed 
at the corporate income tax rate applicable at the time of capitalisation or distribution (at the legal person / 
legal entity level).  
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Non-Greek tax residents. No income would be 
generated in Greece from the disposal of the Notes by legal persons or legal entities which are not resident for 
tax purposes in Greece. 
A. Payments of Interest under the Listed Notes  
“Listed Notes” means Notes which are listed on the EU-regulated market of the Bourse of Luxembourg, or 
on another trading venue within the meaning of article 4 of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Individual Holders – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest under the Listed Notes by the Issuer to 
individual Holders of the Listed Notes who are Greek tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat rate of 
15%, which exhausts their tax liability for income tax in Greece. Where payment is made through a Greek 
paying agent, the entire amount of tax will be withheld by the paying agent.

--- Page 276 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
276 
 
 
Individual Holders – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest under the Listed Notes by the Issuer to 
individual Holders who are non-Greek tax residents are exempted from income tax and solidarity contribution. 
Where payment is made through a Greek paying agent, the Holder must file appropriate proof of tax residency, 
so as not to be subjected to withholding on the payment of interest. 
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the 
Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Listed Notes and which are Greek tax 
residents will be treated as part of their annual income. The income tax rate for legal persons and legal entities 
is 22% for income generated in 2021 onwards (29% for credit institutions participating in the scheme allowing 
for the conversion of deferred tax assets into final deferred tax credits against the State under certain 
circumstances). Where payment is made through a Greek paying agent, a withholding of 15% will be applied 
to the payment, which will be treated as an advance over income tax for that financial year. 
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the 
Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Listed Notes and which are non-Greek tax 
residents are exempted from income tax. Where payment is made through a Greek paying agent, the Holder 
must file appropriate proof of tax residency so as not to be subjected to withholding over the payment of 
interest. 
B. Payments of Interest under the Non-Listed Notes 
“Non-Listed Notes” means Notes which are not listed in a trading venue, within the meaning of article 4 of 
Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Withholding tax and gross-up 
Payments of interest under the Non-Listed Notes are subject to Greek income withholding tax and, under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, where Extended Gross-Up is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to one limited exception (which would not apply while the Non-Listed Notes are 
represented by Global Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg), the Issuer is 
required to gross up such payments in order that Holders receive such amounts as would have been received 
by them if no such withholding had been required (see Condition 13.1 (Gross up)). In this case, depending on 
applicable income tax rules in the tax jurisdiction(s) to which they are subject, the income received by a Holder 
for tax purposes may be the gross amount paid by the Issuer, rather than the net amount received by the Holder.  
The attention of Holders is also drawn to the fact that, if the Greek law on income tax withholding changes in 
the future and payments of interest under the Non-Listed Notes to Non-Greek Legal Persons (as defined in 
Condition 3 (Interpretation)) cease to be subject to Greek income withholding tax, the obligation of the Issuer 
to gross up interest payments will be limited. Please see Condition 13.1 (Gross up). In such circumstances, 
Holders may remain subject to income tax withholding, if any is applicable, and (if so) may cease to benefit 
from any grossing-up of interest payments by the Issuer.  
Individual Holders – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest under the Non-Listed Notes by the Issuer to 
individual Holders of the Non-Listed Notes who are Greek tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat rate 
of 15%, which exhausts their tax liability for income tax in Greece. The entire amount of tax will be withheld 
by the Issuer.  
Individual Holders – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the Issuer to individual Holders of 
the Non-Listed Notes who are non-Greek tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat rate of 15% (insofar 
as there is no applicable DTT in force providing otherwise), which exhausts their tax liability for income tax 
in Greece withheld by the Issuer. Where the Holder wishes to invoke the provisions of a DTT providing for 
lower or nil withholding, appropriate documentation must be filed for the DTT provisions to be applied.

--- Page 277 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
277 
 
 
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the 
Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Non-Listed Notes and which are Greek tax 
residents will be treated as part of their annual income. The income tax rate for legal persons and legal entities 
is 22% for income generated in 2021 onwards (29% for credit institutions participating in the scheme allowing 
for the conversion of deferred tax assets into final deferred tax credits against the State under certain 
circumstances). A withholding of 15% will be applied to the payment, which will be treated as an advance 
over income tax for that financial year.  
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the 
Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Non-Listed Notes and which are non-Greek 
tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat rate of 15%, withheld by the Issuer, which exhausts their tax 
liability for income tax in Greece insofar as there is no applicable DTT in force limiting or prohibiting the 
taxation of interest. If this is the case, appropriate documentation must be filed for the DTT provisions to be 
applied. Where the Holder wishes to invoke the provisions of a DTT providing for lower or nil withholding, 
appropriate documentation must be filed for the DTT provisions to be applied.  
Luxembourg 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a similar 
nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by 
non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as amended 
(the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is 
any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg 
resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes 
coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.

--- Page 278 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
278 
 
 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions 
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 19 (Further 
Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 279 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
 
279 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be issued from time to time by any Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers 
are set out in a programme agreement dated 16 December 2022, as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time (the Programme Agreement) and made between the Bank and the Dealers. Any 
such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of any such subscription. The Programme 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Code). 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold, and will not offer or sell Notes of any Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes and the completion of the distribution of such Tranche, in each 
case except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes of such Tranche during the distribution compliance period (other than pursuant to Rule 
144A) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of 
Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes in registered form to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available

--- Page 280 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
280 
 
 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Hellenic Republic  
The offering of the Notes has not been submitted to the approval procedure of the HCMC provided for by the 
Prospectus Regulation and Law 4706/2020, as in force. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell the Notes by any form of solicitation or advertising in the Hellenic Republic

--- Page 281 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
281 
 
 
that would not fall under the exemptions of article 1 paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation and article 58 
par. 1 of Law 4706/2020 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not and will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 
1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold

--- Page 282 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
282 
 
 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 
of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes, the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and in MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 283 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
283 
 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 284 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
284 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). However, Notes may be issued 
pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock 
exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a decision of the Bank’s Board of Directors dated 30 June 
2022 and an authorising act executed by the Bank’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Paul Mylonas dated 5 
October 2022. The Bank has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. Any issue of Notes is subject to the 
prior decision of the Bank’s competent body or person.   
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds or, if applicable an amount equal to the net proceeds, of the issue of each Tranche of Notes 
will be applied by the Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes, either (a) to meet part of its general financing requirements; or (b) to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Green Projects and Social Projects (as defined below). 
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of any net proceeds of any of the Notes (or an 
amount equal thereto) in financing and/or refinancing the relevant Green Projects and Social Projects, such 
proceeds are intended to be held by  the  Bank in  cash  and/or  cash  equivalent  and/or  other liquid  marketable  
instruments. Assets allocated under the Green Bond Framework will not be knowingly used to 
finance/refinance loans the proceeds of which are intended to be used for purposes covered by the Bank’s 
“Exclusion List” as detailed from time to time in its ESG Reports, published from time time on its website at 
https://www.nbg.gr/en/group/esg/vision-strategy/esg-reports. 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Green Projects will be denominated “Green 
Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles, only Tranches of Notes financing 
or refinancing Social Projects will be denominated “Social Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Tranches of Notes 
financing or refinancing Green Projects and Social Projects will be denominated “Sustainable Bonds”.  
On or before the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, further details on Green Projects 
are provided in the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework in effect at the time of issuance of the 
relevant issue of Green Bonds and further details on Social Projects will be provided in a framework which 
will be made available on the Bank’s website at https://www.nbg.gr/en/group/investor-relations/debt-
investors/sustainable-and-green-bonds-framework and may be updated from time to time.  
Definitions:

--- Page 285 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
285 
 
 
Green Projects means financings of renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainability mobility, 
sustainability water, circular economy and green buildings projects and assets which meet a set of 
environmental criteria as further determined in accordance with the National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework in effect at the time of issuance of the relevant issue of Green Bonds. 
Social Projects means small and medium-sized enterprises financing and financing of non-profit and civil 
economy to support access to essential services which meet a set of social criteria.  
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to 
determine the Issuer’s environmental robustness) has evaluated the National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus and has issued a second party opinion on such 
framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the International Capital Markets Association 
Green Bond Principles 2018. The second-party opinion is available on the Bank’s website at 
https://www.nbg.gr/-/jssmedia/Files/nbgportal/debt-investors/documents/National-Bank-of-Greece-Green-
Bond-Framework-Second-Party-Opinion.pdf?rev=a64b1af438d848c29acae6950956d9c1.  
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the green bond market to continually advance the sustainable 
terms of the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework. Accordingly, the National Bank of Greece 
Green Bond Framework may be updated from time to time during the life of any Tranche of the Notes to 
reflect current market practices. The amended National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework would be 
subject to the relevant internal and external review processes and a new second-party opinion on the National 
Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework would be obtained in connection with any such amendment. Holders 
would not be entitled to vote on such cases. Any amendments to the National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework and any new second-party opinion on the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework will 
be published and will be available on the Bank’s website at the address above.  
As outlined in the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework, the Bank intends to publish a green, 
social and/or sustainable finance annual report on the allocation of the proceeds of any of the Notes that are 
used in financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, Green Projects and Social Projects and their 
environmental and/or social impact and may, but is not obliged to, request a limited assurance report to be 
provided by a qualified external party in respect thereof. Reporting will be renewed annually until full 
allocation of such proceeds. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed, with respect to the Bank, in “Description of the Group – Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” 
at pages 201 and 202, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware), during the 12 months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Bank's 
or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
No significant or material change 
Save for the impact of the prolonged war in Ukraine, the persistent energy challenges and the inflation 
pressures, which remain a source of concern for the Bank and the Group (as further described in the section of 
the Board of Directors Report headed “Economic and Financial Review - key developments in the 
Macroeconomic and Financial environment - Global Economy & Financial Environment” in the 2021 Annual 
Financial Report and in the section of the Board of Directors Report headed “Key Highlights – Ukraine crisis” 
and “Economic and Financial Review – Global Economy & Financial Environment” in the June 2022 Interim 
Financial Statements), there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank or the Group 
since 31 December 2021. There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the 
Bank or the Group since 30 September 2022, except the issuance of €500,000,000 Fixed Rate Resettable 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes on 22 November 2022, the issuance of €150,000,000 Fixed Rate Resettable

--- Page 286 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
286 
 
 
Unsubordinated MREL on 25 November 2022 and the issuance of GBP 200,000,000 Fixed Rate Resettable 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes on 2 December 2022 (see section “Description of the Group - Recent Events”).  
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection 
from www.nbg.gr/en/group/investor-relations/debt-investors/medium-term-notes: 
(a) 
the Base Prospectus together with any supplement or further prospectus (the Base Prospectus together 
with any supplement or further prospectus will also be obtainable, free of charge); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement;  
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Procedures Memorandum; 
(e) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (such Final Terms will also 
be obtainable, free of charge). (In the case of any Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, 
copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to the relevant Noteholders); 
(f) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme;  
(g) 
in addition, this Base Prospectus is and, in the case of Notes to be listed on the official list and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will 
be, available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu; and 
(h) 
the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework of the Issuer in respect of the application of the 
proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the National Bank of Greece Green 
Bond Framework is not incorporated in and/or does not form part of this Base Prospectus;  
and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Bank will be available in electronic format from 
https://www.nbg.gr/en/group/esg/corporate-governance/corporate-governance-framework. 
 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least ten years after its 
publication on the websites referred to in paragraphs 2 and 6 of Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in 
book-entry form by DTC. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection

--- Page 287 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
287 
 
 
from 
https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/investor-relations/financial-information/annual-interim-financial-
statements: 
(a) 
the published annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the Bank 
for the two most recent financial years ended prior to the date of this Base Prospectus; and  
(b) 
any subsequent interim financial statements of the Group and the Bank. 
Independent Auditors 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
EU and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A., 
being certified public accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. are members of the Body of Certified Public 
Accountants in Greece (SOEL) and are also registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(PCAOB) and Hellenic Accounting and Auditing Oversight Board (ELTE). 
With respect to the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group as of and 
for the six-months period ended 30 June 2022 included in this Base Prospectus, PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. 
reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for the review of 
such information. However, their separate report dated 4 August 2022 appearing herein states that they did not 
audit and they do not express an opinion on that unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of 
reliance on their report on such information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review 
procedures applied. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
Conflict of interest  
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates may have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates from time to time for which they may have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other 
compensation. The Dealers or their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in transactions with 
and perform advisory and other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of their business. 
Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the 
Issuer and its affiliates, including in relation to the hedging of the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender to 
the Issuer and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with

--- Page 288 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
288 
 
 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, the Arrangers, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
86 Aiolou Street 
10559 Athens 
Greece 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
86 Aiolou Street 
10559 Athens 
Greece 
FISCAL AGENT 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through 
its London branch 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through 
its London branch 
One Canada Square 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its New York branch 
101 Barclay Street—21W 
New York, NY 10286 
USA 
TRANSFER AGENTS 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through 
its New York branch 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through 
its London branch 
101 Barclay Street—21W 
One Canada Square 
New York, NY 10286 
London E14 5AL 
USA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Greek law 
Allen & Overy Studio Legale Associato 
Karatzas & Partners 
Via Ansperto 5 
 The Orbit, 115 Kifissias Ave 
20123 Milan 
115 24 Athens 
Italy 
Greece

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. 
Business Solutions S.A. 
260 Kifissias Avenue 
Halandri 15232 
Greece 
 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg